
                              501 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday
                                   E2 Edition

Stellenbosch wine farm shareholder seeks debt owed from his partners

BYLINE:  KAREN BREYTENBACH Justice Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 469 words


THE owner of the world famous Carnoustie golf resort in Scotland wants to
liquidate a Stellenbosch wine farm known for its award-winning chardonnay, over
millions of rands he is owed in keeping it running amid deadlocked disagreements
with his fellow shareholders.

Mike Johnston, owner of the prestigious Carnoustie Hotel, Golf Resort and Spa,
where Gary Player was said to have played the best shot of his career, applied
in the Western Cape High Court yesterday for the liquidation of Louisvale Wines,
a Stellenbosch wine marketing company. He also applied for the liquidation of
Louisvale Properties, which owns the wine estate in Devon Valley.

The farm had its first vines planted in 1985 by Jan Boland Coetzee, and Neil
Ellis was its first winemaker under previous ownership. Many of its chardonnays
have won awards since the late 1990s.

Johnston is a co-trustee, with his wife, of the Glen Devon Trust, which owns 26
percent of the shares in both companies, which have held the reins since 2002.

At the heart of the application is an alleged disagreement between the
shareholders about the correct balance of the companies' books and the amount
Johnston is owed if the wine estate is sold within the coming weeks.

Johnston said in court papers that he had paid for the farm with his own money
and "bankrolled" all its operations through shareholders' loans.

But since 2007, his loans were allegedly recorded inaccurately and
"underestimated by millions" in annual financial statements, nor was the
interest he was owed reflected.

His fellow shareholders - Cape Town attorney Hendrik Kotze (who owns 10 percent
shares in both companies), the Scottish company Country Properties and
Developments Ltd (owning 49 percent shares in both), UK property specialist Mark
Delaney (10 percent), and Jonathan Pedley, a UK-based wine master and food
connoisseur - were told he wanted out and the loans repaid to him.

But according to his calculations, the companies could not afford to pay him
back in full or cover its debts.

The dispute about his shareholders' loans resulted in a "deadlock" between
shareholders, and attempts by his attorneys to resolve the dispute have failed.

"They wish, however, to take for themselves the lion's share of the proceeds
which will be generated if the property belonging to Louisvale Properties (the
farm)... or the shares are sold and will leave me with a situation where I will
write off some R17 million of my loans."

Johnston wanted a liquidator to take control, to investigate the dispute and
determine the correct account balance, market, advertise and sell the property
at a fair market-related price and distribute the proceeds fairly.

The matter was postponed for an urgent hearing in the last week of May. Both
companies have to file answering papers by May 10.

karen.breytenbach@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Stellenbosch wine farm shareholder seeks debt owed from his partners

BYLINE:  KAREN BREYTENBACH Justice Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 469 words


THE owner of the world famous Carnoustie golf resort in Scotland wants to
liquidate a Stellenbosch wine farm known for its award-winning chardonnay, over
millions of rands he is owed in keeping it running amid deadlocked disagreements
with his fellow shareholders.

Mike Johnston, owner of the prestigious Carnoustie Hotel, Golf Resort and Spa,
where Gary Player was said to have played the best shot of his career, applied
in the Western Cape High Court yesterday for the liquidation of Louisvale Wines,
a Stellenbosch wine marketing company. He also applied for the liquidation of
Louisvale Properties, which owns the wine estate in Devon Valley.

The farm had its first vines planted in 1985 by Jan Boland Coetzee, and Neil
Ellis was its first winemaker under previous ownership. Many of its chardonnays
have won awards since the late 1990s.

Johnston is a co-trustee, with his wife, of the Glen Devon Trust, which owns 26
percent of the shares in both companies, which have held the reins since 2002.

At the heart of the application is an alleged disagreement between the
shareholders about the correct balance of the companies' books and the amount
Johnston is owed if the wine estate is sold within the coming weeks.

Johnston said in court papers that he had paid for the farm with his own money
and "bankrolled" all its operations through shareholders' loans.

But since 2007, his loans were allegedly recorded inaccurately and
"underestimated by millions" in annual financial statements, nor was the
interest he was owed reflected.

His fellow shareholders - Cape Town attorney Hendrik Kotze (who owns 10 percent
shares in both companies), the Scottish company Country Properties and
Developments Ltd (owning 49 percent shares in both), UK property specialist Mark
Delaney (10 percent), and Jonathan Pedley, a UK-based wine master and food
connoisseur - were told he wanted out and the loans repaid to him.

But according to his calculations, the companies could not afford to pay him
back in full or cover its debts.

The dispute about his shareholders' loans resulted in a "deadlock" between
shareholders, and attempts by his attorneys to resolve the dispute have failed.

"They wish, however, to take for themselves the lion's share of the proceeds
which will be generated if the property belonging to Louisvale Properties (the
farm)... or the shares are sold and will leave me with a situation where I will
write off some R17 million of my loans."

Johnston wanted a liquidator to take control, to investigate the dispute and
determine the correct account balance, market, advertise and sell the property
at a fair market-related price and distribute the proceeds fairly.

The matter was postponed for an urgent hearing in the last week of May. Both
companies have to file answering papers by May 10.

karen.breytenbach@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Manitoba Hydro puts $260M into wind farm

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 147  words


Manitoba Hydro is lending the St. Joseph wind farm $260 million to rescue the
Southern Manitoba project.

But Premier Greg Selinger and Hydro boss Bob Brennan said Monday the deal is a
good one for Manitobans. Hydro stands to make a small profit on the 20-year loan
and if the wind farm company defaults, Hydro will simply assume ownership of the
turbines.

Construction of the 138-megawatt wind farm located about 100 kilometres south of
Winnipeg will begin immediately. When the turbines are turning at full blast
next spring, the farm will generate enough power to serve the needs of 50,000
homes.

But the project is about half the size originally planned and more than a year
late. Brennan and Selinger said the recession and the tight credit market meant
the project required the loan guarantee.

The project will be built by Pattern Energy, which will invest $95 million into
the project.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Deadline nears for Farm Service noms

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


July 25--The deadline is approaching for the Wilson County Farm Service Agency
Committee Nominations. Farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers can
nominate themselves or a candidate of their choice to serve on the county
committee. The deadline is Aug. 1 and members serve three-year terms.

Officials say county committees are an important link between the farm community
and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to these
local committees share their opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.

"There's still time for eligible farmers and ranchers to get involved in this
year's county committee elections," Juan Garcia, U.S. Department of Agriculture
Farm Service Agency administrator, said in a statement. "Nominate yourself or a
candidate of your choice to serve on the local county committee. I especially
encourage the nomination of beginning farmers and ranchers as well as women and
minorities. This is your opportunity to have a say in how federal programs are
delivered in your county."

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, officials say, they work closely with county executive directors and make
decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity
price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county
committees. Committees consist of three to 11 members that are elected by
eligible producers.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and information about FSA county committee elections are
available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due back to
the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county committee
members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

___ (c)2014 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140725-ZW-Deadline-nears-for-Farm-Service-noms-0725-20140725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2014 The Wilson Daily Times


                              505 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

In Telangana, caught between life and debt

BYLINE: Sreenivas Janyala

LENGTH: 1538  words

DATELINE: Karimnagar


On the night of July 4, Korishala Ravi stepped out of his house that is right
across a branch of the State Bank of Hyderabad in Kodakandla village of Medak
district in Telangana. The 35-year-old farmer had applied for a loan to the
branch three times but his plea was rejected each time, forcing him to turn to
moneylenders. Few hours later, not too far away from the bank branch, he was
found dead, his body hanging from a tree.

Ravi's village is part of Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao's
Gajwale constituency. Rao had identified it to be developed as a model village.

On September 23, Polu Rajaiah, a 48-year-old landless farmer of Thotapalli
village in Karimnagar district, got himself a hair cut and asked his wife to
make his favourite curry. After lunch, he went to their field about one km away,
drank pesticide and died. Rajaiah had been borrowing money, first to take two
acres on lease, then another four acres, and to purchase seeds and fertilisers,
but his maize crop had failed, leaving

him with a debt of Rs 3 lakh.

Since Rao took over as the chief minister on June 2, there have  been 79 farmer
deaths officially recognised as 'suicides' in the newly formed state. Beera
Ramulu, a farmer and RTI activist associated with NGO Rythu Swarajya Vedika,
puts the number at more than 300. Most of these farmers died in Warangal (83),
Karimnagar (40) and Medak (70) districts. However, Agriculture Minister P
Srinivas Reddy says not all farmer suicides are related to crops.

Like most of the others, Rajaiah and Ravi were both tenant farmers, and they did
not fit anywhere in the system designed to help and protect farmers - be it loan
eligibility cards, crop loans, easy bank credit, farm-loan waiver scheme or
agriculture subsidies - as they had no land to show as collateral. That left
them at the mercy of moneylenders charging interest rates as high as 24 per cent
per annum. Now their families have to prove the deaths were solely linked to
their crops to be entitled to ex-gratia - another uphill battle.

On November 13, the RBI issued a circular to all banks on financing 'Bhoomi heen
kisan (landless farmers)', as per an announcement in the Budget. Under it,
landless farmers can form 'Joint Liability Groups' and avail of loans through
NABARD for farm and non-farm activities, standing as guarantors for each other.
The measure, it is believed, would go a long way towards resolving denial of
loans to landless farmers. Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh has
proposed financing at least 5 lakh joint farming groups this financial year.

Ravi's brother Balanarasimha, a taxi driver, says Ravi's loan applications were
rejected because he didn't own any land to show as continued...
(http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/in-telangana-caught-between
-life-and-debt/2) collateral.

"They asked for land ownership documents first to even consider the
application," he says. Ravi had taken five acres on lease to grow cotton, maize
and paddy, of which two acres belonged to a relative who had already taken a
loan on the land. The owner of the remaining three acres refused to give him a
lease agreement, which would have made Ravi eligible for loan.

State Bank of Hyderabad Kodakandla Branch Manager Sheikh Abdul Kareem says,
"Farmers seeking loans have to give us a copy of the land title in his name, or,
in case of tenants, a copy of the lease agreement signed by the owner. We cannot
give loans if the documents are not clear or there is a dispute regarding
ownership."

The Korakandla branch caters to nine nearby villages, with at least 7,000
farmers. Since January, it has given 500 new crop loans and rescheduled 700 old
loans under the Telangana government's crop loan waiver scheme, but the amount
of loan given is very small. For cotton crop, it is Rs 20,000 while for paddy,
it is Rs 18,000 per season.

The Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) government in the state had announced a Rs
17,000 crore farm loan waiver scheme, to fulfill its poll promise. Under the
scheme, outstanding amounts as on March 31, 2014 on crop loans up to Rs one lakh
are waived off. This rescheduling of loans makes farmers eligible for fresh
loans. The government order issued on August 13, however, clearly stated that
the scheme covers only institutional loans and not loans from non-institutional
sources.

Ravi also tried to get a loan from Telangana Scheduled Castes Cooperative
Finance Corporation Ltd through the bank, but the policy is still under
discussion. Managing Director of the corporation B Jayaraj says once the budget
is passed in the Assembly, the government will decide the loan and subsidy
ratio.

Admitting a "few inherent deficiencies", State Bank of Hyderabad General Manager
J Sitapathy Sarma says, "Denial of loans to landless farmers is a major issue
and needs a change of policy which will make them eligible even if they are
unable to show collateral." He, however, insists that farmers must make an
effort to at least get a loan eligibility certificate from the village or mandal
revenue officer. The State Bank of Hyderabad is the convener of the State-Level
Bankers' Committee (SLBC).

Meanwhile, in order to meet their 18 per cent target fixed for farm loans, banks
classify all kinds of loans under the agriculture sector. For example, the SLBC
said in July that banks in Telangana had given Rs 49,564 crore loans to the
agriculture sector in 2013-14. But when the state government sought details of
the accounts of individual farmers who were given loans, SLBC revised the figure
to Rs 12,000 crore on March 31, 2014.

Banks were apparently also bunching agricultural loans with those taken by
farmers for jewellery, marriages, and other non-farm expenses. There are many
examples of farmers taking loans for digging or repairing bore wells and paying
children's continued...
(http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/in-telangana-caught-between
-life-and-debt/2) fees. When crops fail, all these add to their loan burden.

"Thousands of farmers are caught in a vicious cycle of debts due to low yields
or total crop failure. There is constant pressure from moneylenders and when it
does not rain and crops start failing, all they can think of is escaping it by
taking their own lives," says activist Beera Ramulu.

TRS politburo member and Karimnagar MP B Vinod Kumar admits the plight of
landless farmers who take land on lease. "We need far-reaching reforms in the
lending process to include landless farmers in the credit system. In 2010-11,
banks introduced business correspondents in villages to make the process of
giving loans easier but the correspondents recommend only those who have
something to mortgage," Kumar says.

With no options, Ravi had borrowed money from relatives and other villagers at
24 per cent per annum. Documents show he took two loans at 18 per cent interest
each, to pay Rs 50,000 upfront to take five acres on lease, and two loans at 24
per cent interest each. "The yield of the maize crop was not good due to
inadequate rainfall. The paddy also failed," says Ravi's brother.

Ravi's wife Yadamma now works as farm labour, earning Rs 100 a day to support
her sons Shiva and Sai.

Rajaiah never thought of approaching a bank although three - Andhra Bank, State
Bank of Hyderabad and UCO Bank - have branches in Husnabad, 25 km from his
Thotapalli village. "We don't own even a small piece of land, bank officials do
not even look at your application. He did not get the loan eligibility card so
there was no point going to the bank," his wife Komaramma says.

In 2011, the AP Government introduced a system of giving loan eligibility cards
to tenant farmers. Village Revenue Officers, tehsildars, Mandal Revenue Officers
could issue the card to a tenant farmer after ascertaining that farming is his
only profession, is a genuine farmer, and has taken land on lease. In the
presence of the village sarpanch and witnesses, a gram sabha is held and the
farmer is given the eligibility card. "But revenue officials are wary of giving
the eligibility cards fearing that they will be held accountable if the farmer
fails to repay although the government order states that it is not the
responsibility of government officials. When officials verify and find that the
farmer has some outstanding loan already, they don't issue the card. This way
the system has slowly stopped working and very few cards are given,'' says RTI
activist and member of Rythu Swaraj Vedika Kondal Reddy.

In Mallampalli village of Mulug Mandal in Warangal, Merugu Achala, 21, works up
to eight hours in a cotton field for Rs 100-130 per day. Her husband killed
himself recently over pressure from moneylenders after their cotton crop failed.
Achala borrowed Rs 15,000 recently to pay the school fees of her daughter and
son, in Class I and kindergarten respectively.

The loan outstanding in her husband's name is already around continued...
(http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-others/in-telangana-caught-between
-life-and-debt/2) Rs 1 lakh, but Achala is determined to keep her children in a
private school. "My husband did not want them to work in the fields and wished
they got proper jobs when they grew up. I too don't want them to ever work in
agriculture," she says.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             January 7, 2001 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Loan helped couple begin farm life

SECTION: L - HOMETOWN; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 487 words


Seven years ago, part-time mail carrier Tim Pick and wife Kathy of Hartington
were the first in the nation to qualify for a new type of beginning-farmer
ownership loan from the Farmers Home Administration.

Stan Foster, the head of the state FmHA office at that time, came all the way
from Lincoln to announce a $65,000 loan. An interest-rate subsidy from the
federal agency was supposed to help the Picks keep their heads above the
financial water through the risky start-up phase.

Seven years later, the Picks are surviving -- but in dual-career mode. Tim is a
full-time mail carrier AND also a full-time farmer.

No matter what the season, he gets home from his 103-mile mail route between 4
and 5 p.m. and immediately turns his attention to his farming chores. Long after
dark on a recent December day, for example, he was just in from making repairs
on a feed grinder.

"I'm outside until 8 o'clock at night," he said.

But there are no big regrets for the Picks.

The mail carrier's job means affordable health insurance for a family of four.

On the agricultural side, prices for cattle have been good and they're getting
ready to sell 59 calves. They got out of the hog business before the prices
turned sour in late 1998. They brushed up against corn selling for $5 a bushel a
few years ago and sold corn for $3.50 a bushel, "which I'd never done in my life
before."

Overall, "I'd say we rode it out pretty good. Hogs were pretty good to me for a
while."

Nonetheless, the couple recently turned down the first purchase opportunity on
some the grazing ground they'd been renting. They sold some of their cows
instead to adjust to someone else's purchase of the pasture and to their more
limited grazing options.

"I just didn't want to take on more debt," Pick said.

Under the terms of the FmHA deal of seven years ago, he had to come up with a 10
percent downpayment on his farm purchase. The federal agency handled the next 30
percent at a 4 percent interest rate. Then he had to borrow the rest from a
conventional lender at the conventional rate.

Headed into 2001, Pick remains a careful student of what he can afford to do and
what he can't afford not to do. He couldn't afford more land. He couldn't afford
to pass up the full-time job and the health insurance.

He only recently found out about a new state program designed to make beginning
farmers a more attractive choice for established farmers with land, machinery or
livestock to lease. His first reaction, understanding that the 5 percent
income-tax break goes to the established farmer, was a bit on the dubious side.

He could see "a help" for the established farmer, "but what's the young guy's
benefit from that?"

It's the beginning farmers that need a break, Pick said. It's the newer farming
operations that are often abandoned during the daytime hours -- because the
farmer is working somewhere else.

"Farming's tough," he said, "no ands, ifs or buts about it."

-- Art Hovey

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: When this photograph was taken in 1993, Tim and Kathy Pick of
Hartington, shown with son Eric, were the first in the nation to qualify for a
new type of beginning-farmer ownership loan. Today, the Picks are still farming,
but Tim Pick also works as full-time mail carrier. color photo of family,
JOURNAL STAR LIBRARY, negative #24478

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                            October 2, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

City expects Skeena to pick-up loan tab

BYLINE: Leanne Ritchie, The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 260  words


The city's New Skeena Forest Products deal ran $30,000 over budget, however
Mayor Herb Pond says the city expects the company will pick up the tab.

"It's something we still anticipate the company will be covering off," said
Pond.

The city was proposing to loan the troubled pulp operation $20 million in
exchange for ownership of the company's Tree Farm License No. 1 and Watson
Island Pulp facility. New Skeena is trying to raise the $100 million needed to
start up the pulp mill.

In the memorandum of understanding signed between the two, New Skeena agreed to
pay the legal, accounting and consulting service fees incurred by the city in
connection with the deal "up to, but not exceeding $125,000."

However, the total bill was about $155,000. This includes $25,000 for the
referendum needed to get the taxpayers' approval for the loan.

The deal was nixed by both parties yesterday. New Skeena CEO Dan Veniez said the
sale of the mill to the city was actually posing problems for potential lenders
looking for part-ownership.

Pond said much of the work the city did on the deal was kept in house in an
attempt to keep costs down.

"I know the effort was being made to stay within the $125,000," said Pond.

The city had also asked the company to put forward another $600,000 to have
third party due diligence performed. Pond said the bigger chunk of this request
was for the legal work necessary to close a definitive agreement.

"We just never got to that phase," he said.

The city was also paid $200,000 by New Skeena for work done prior to the signing
of the memorandum.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2003 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 12, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

How to Save Farms in the Middle

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 490 words


To the Editor:

''Feeding Fat Farmers'' (editorial, Nov. 1) agrees substantially with an Oct. 8
piece in The Wall Street Journal headlined ''Why Not Save the Top 31,000
Farmers?'' In short, keep the largest farms in business and forget about all the
rest. With a touch of compassion, you say, ''The truly hard part is acquiescing
in the loss of farms in the middle.''

It is hard to go along with your estimate that the largest farms ''could make
money at prices well below current levels.'' This cannot apply to farms, no
matter how large, that raise America's major staples. No farmer today laughs his
way to the bank after selling wheat for $2.19 a bushel, corn at $1.70 or
soybeans at $4.88. The Department of Agriculture's published figure for parity
price per bushel is $6.77 for wheat, $4.94 for corn and $12.20 for soybeans. The
small accretion provided by Government subsidies for cooperating farmers falls
far short of farmers' price needs.

Your reference to fat farms can refer only to some of the specialty crops such
as abound in California. There corporation farms dominate some of these crops.
Groves for canned peaches are an example where all major growers cooperate in
destroying sometimes a third of the crop to maintain a price.

Eliminating the ''middle section'' means eliminating the bulk of the farms in
our Midwest, South and dairy belt. It means destroying the economic base of
countless thousands of rural communities dependent on agriculture, a disaster
that is in evidence today. It also means that absentee corporate ownership of
these regions removes the objective of every family farmer to safeguard the soil
he owns so that he can pass it on intact to his children.

I would hope that you would look into a different policy, which can protect the
middle-sized farms. It is embodied in the ''Save the Family Farm'' bill
reintroduced by Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa. It provides that the Government make
cash loans to farmers of 70 percent of parity price on basic crops. The farmer
must store the grain on his farm under Government seal. No farmer will sell that
grain for less than the loan, since if he does, he will have to pay the
Government the difference. This means that the grain trade, for example, cannot
purchase the grain for less than the loan.

The problem of overproduction is met by limiting the acreage that a given farm
may plant, based on the Government's estimate of the needs of the market, plus a
reserve, which in the days of President Franklin Roosevelt was called the
''ever-normal granary.''

There is good precedent for the Harkin bill. In the period 1942-52, the
Government did lend 90 percent of parity. It worked. Government costs for unsold
grain turned back were trifling. Consumers did not suffer. Foreign
grain-exporting countries were able to realize a higher price. Farmers were
prosperous as never before or since.

LEMENT HARRIS
Norwalk, Conn., Nov. 1, 1986

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              509 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will begin offering farm ownership microloans,
creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans will be especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 "Many producers, especially new and underserved farmers, tell us that access to
land is one of the biggest challenges they face in establishing and growing
their own farming operation," said Harden. "USDA is making it easier for new
farmers to hit the ground running and get access to the land that they need to
establish their farms or improve their property."



 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).




 This microloan announcement is another USDA resource for America's farmers and
ranchers to utilize, especially as new and beginning farmers and ranchers look
for the assistance they need to get started.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            March 4, 1999, Thursday

Springboard for later career

SECTION: ADVERTISING; SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 25; CANTERBURY/NORTH OTAGO SHAREMILKERS

LENGTH: 386 words


For proof that sharemilking provides the groundwork for a successful career in
the dairy industry, look no further than the chairman of the New Zealand Dairy
Board, John Storey.

Mr Storey holds the industry's top job. However, at the start of his working
life, like retired Dairy Board chairman Sir Dryden Spring before him, he put in
several years as a sharemilker before leasing and finally moving to full farm
ownership.

"I know literally hundreds of dairy industry leaders who started out as a
sharemilker. And if you look at the Dairy Board's directors or those of any
dairy company, you will find a good number also began their careers as
sharemilkers," Mr Storey says.

The sharemilking system has been one of the strengths of the dairy industry
since its introduction more than a century ago, he says.

"It has provided the industry with an annual influx of determined, energetic
young farmers, motivated by the goal of ultimate farm ownership -- and in most
cases the need to repay a not inconsiderable loan."

Mr Storey says while it is impossible to generalise, he believes a successful
sharemilker needs a hard-working approach, goals, and business skills.

"The increase in land prices and herd sizes, taken with falling returns from
milk, are all factors which have tested the mettle of sharemilkers.

"That they continue to move through to farm ownership, where that is their goal,
is clear evidence to me of the quality of sharemilkers today," Mr Storey says.

The Bank of New Zealand Sharemilker of the Year competition makes an important
contribution to the sharemilking profession, says Mr Storey, who is also a Bank
of New Zealand director.

"By identifying and publicising the most successful sharemilkers in each
district, it provides an excellent example and very real incentive to others.
And it brings sharemilking to the attention of the wider community in a very
positive way."

To sharemilkers taking part in the 1999 Bank of New Zealand Sharemilker of the
Year competition, Mr Storey says while the road they have chosen as sharemilkers
was never more daunting, the future for dairy farming remains positive.

"I encourage sharemilkers to stick with the industry. You will not be sorry you
did."

--------------------

CAPTION:

John Storey: humble beginnings.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                              511 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 4, 1981, Saturday, Final Edition

Reagan Budget Gothic: Rural America Sees a Horn of Unplenty

BYLINE:  By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 1063 words


The headline type goes to tax cuts and sacred cows being slain, but down in the
fine print of Ronald Reagan's budget is some grim reading for rural America.

In fact, as some readers parse Reagan's budget, "Rosy Scenario," the elusive
figure who keeps popping up as protagonist, seems to have left farm and
countryside for good.

Well-publicized cuts in farmer loan programs and nutrition assistance, mainly
through food stamps, are only a part of the bad news for rural America, where
about a fourth of the population lives.

Traditional aid for housing, water and sewers, conservation, water and timber
protection, electrification and telephone programs and rural planning and
development all would be reduced or vastly altered by Reagan's budget.

Some examples:

Farmers Home Administration water and sewer loans would be cut from $750 million
to $300 million next year, with Reagan seeking an additional cut of $160 million
this fiscal year.  Grants would drop from $200 million to $100 million.  Two
other sources of water-sewer money for rural areas would dry up.  Evnironmental
Protection Agency funds would go only to large cities; the Economic Development
Administration would go out of business.

FmHA business and industrial loan guarantees, often controversial but often
vital in remote areas, would be stopped.  The current budget allocates $741
million for these guarantees.

Ownership loans for farmers would be cut from $920 million to $825 million; a
loan program for new farmers with limited resources would stop. $8

At least $650 million for loans to build rental, low and moderate-income housing
in the rural areas would be cut from the FmHA budget at the Department of
Agriculture.  Cuts also are proposed in Housing and Urban Development Department
loan money for rural areas.

The Rural Electrification Administration's access to the Federal Financing Bank
would be curbed, meaning that coops serving 25 million rural consumers would
have to borrow higher-cost money in commercial markets.

A $3.5 million program to build rural fire stations would end; loans for
community facilities such as health clinics would drop from $260 million to $130
million; $5 million in rural planning grants and a $10 million rural wetlands
protection plan would stop.

The budget contains many other examples, all of which draw this complaint from
Rep. Wes Watkins (D-Okla.), chairman of the Congressional Rural Caucus: "In
rural America, this budget is not fair.  It is not even-handed.  When you cut
the little daub we have, there's nothing left."

For a district like Watkins' -- 25 counties in southeastern Oklahoma where the
largest town has 22,000 souls -- the impact of the Reagan budget looms large.

"In my district, we don't have a single investment banker and we have only one
branch of an insured mortgage company.  Farmers Home is all we've got, and the
cuts in that budget are going to create a drastic housing situation," Watkins
said.

The sound of similar complaints from rural-district legislators is growing on
Capitol Hill, but Reagan has conservatives like Watkins, who routinely line up
for fiscal restraint, over something of a political barrel.

It is easier for less-conservative types, like freshman Rep. Byron L Dorgan
(D-N.D.), the sole congressman from one of the most rural of states, with some
650,000 people spread over 43 million acres.  He objects to the meat-ax
approach.

"In Iowa last year, Ronald Reagan said he didn't understand the meaning of
parity," Dorgan said.  "This budget shows he doesn't understand what rural
America is about.

"No one gave Ronald Reagan a mandate to put on blinders and ignore what is
working and what is not working.  My mandate, if I have one, is to make a
distinction."

Republican Sens. Mark Andrews (N.D.). James Abdnor (S.D.) and Arlen Specter
(Pa.), among others, have made similar protestations at recent hearings over the
treatment of the rural sector in the president's fiscal 1982 proposals.

Their uneasiness stems as much from the budget-cutting as it does from what some
see as a sharp swing away from policies designed to bolster the quality of life
on farms and in small towns across the country.

Andrews, for instance, has been critical of Reagan's plans to force rural
electric and telephone cooperatives away from federal loans and guarantees into
the private money market.  He and others predict higher utility bills -- or no
service -- for millions of consumers in remote areas.

As the congressional debate over the budget and its specific details broadens,
these legislators will be joined by rural-interest groups that already are
mobilizing to protect farm and small-community programs.

The Rural Coalition, for example, represents three dozen health, housing,
development and kindred groups across the country.  The coalition is urging its
thousands of members to start pressuring Congress for relief from what it terms
"19 direct hits on rural Americans" -- some of the social and farm programs
Reagan wants to cut.

David Raphael, director of Rural America, another of the pressure groups,
recently told Congress that the Reagan economic program is "less a new beginning
than a return to an era of public neglect."

He charged that the budget discriminates against rural residents by cutting
social programs and federal credit assistance and by consolidating individual
programs into block grants with less money.

"The big focus on cutting federal credit programs reflects an anti-rural bias,
since a majority of these programs were developed specifically to correct the
demonstrated credit gap that exists in rural areas," Raphael said.

Robert Rapoza of the Rural Coalition described most of the Reagan budget cuts
affecting rural areas as "really devastating." But, he said, "it is more than
just a budget reduction.  It is a philosophical attack on rural development and
non-profit organizations that are involved in development."

Rep. Dorgan, particularly distressed by the 45 percent cut in the farm ownership
loan program, put it in another frame of reference.

"While this would be cut back to $825 million, nearly twice that much, $1.5
billion, is authorized to prop up a single U.S. corporation: Chrysler. $1Is
pouring money into yesterday's failures more important than investing in
tomorrow's hope."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              512 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 11, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Caucus Seeks More Aid for Black Farmers

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 10


The Congressional Black Caucus demanded today that the secretary of agriculture
do more to promote the civil rights of black farmers and ensure that they
receive agriculture loans as easily as other farmers.

After a week of protests by black farmers in Tennessee, Agriculture Secretary
Ann M. Veneman agreed to meet with a delegation of black farmers on Friday to
review their complaints. Among them are accusations of discrimination by local
offices of the farm agency.

Ms. Veneman agreed to meet with the farmers in Washington if they agreed to
abandon their sit-in at a Brownsville, Tenn., farm agency office that processes
loans.

In an exchange of letters, Ms. Veneman told the Black Farmers and
Agriculturalists Association that she would review the loans in question and
that she takes "all suggestions of unfair treatment very seriously."

The department also released statistics showing a 27 percent increase in direct
loans for black farmers since 1997, a 108 percent increase in direct farm
ownership loans and a 203 percent increase in emergency loans to black farmers
in the same period.

Representative John Conyers Jr., Democrat of Michigan and a member of the black
caucus, said today that the burden "rests upon the Agriculture Department to
stop its discriminatory practices."

"Many black farmers have become disillusioned," Mr. Conyers added. "For
generations these practices have continuously eliminated the hopes, dreams and
opportunities of black farmers."

The Agriculture Department all but conceded that it had discriminated against
black farmers when it settled a class-action suit in 1999 by promising $50,000
tax-free grants to black farmers who said they were discriminated against when
they applied for agricultural loans from the government.

But some farmers said the settlement was too small and came too late to save
most black farmers.

In the past 80 years, black farmers have become a dying breed, accounting for
less than 1 percent of American farmers today and owning fewer than two million
acres of farmland.

After President Bush signed an $180 billion farm bill this summer, black farmers
said they were disappointed that the large increase in farm subsidies had gone
disproportionately to the largest and wealthiest farmers and complained there
was little in the new bill to help black farmers.

Black farmers, who are concentrated mostly in the South, began to complain that
local offices of federal farm agencies were failing to approve the loans they
needed this year to begin planting their crops.

The Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association began the sit-in last week in
Brownsville. Another group of black farmers announced that it would hold a
national protest next month, driving trucks and tractors outside the Agriculture
Department.

"There's nothing for us in that farm bill," said John Boyd, head of the Black
Farmers Association. "It's for the big corporate farmers, not the disadvantaged
family farmer."

Of special concern is a $25 million outreach program to help disadvantaged
farmers, one part of the farm bill.

Representative Eva Clayton, Democrat of North Carolina, said the black caucus
was upset that the program had yet to be financed and that Ms. Veneman had yet
to appoint a deputy in charge of civil rights.

"She'll have an opportunity to demonstrate her leadership on civil rights, and
hopefully she'll be up to the task," said Mrs. Clayton, a caucus member.

Ms. Veneman has begun the search for the deputy, a department spokesman said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representatives John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Eva Clayton of
North Carolina, right, both Democrats, pressured the Department of Agriculture
yesterday to attend to the concerns of black farmers. (Stephen Crowley/The New
York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              513 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                              May 25, 2009 Monday
                                   e2 Edition

Production targets ridiculous: Zimbabwean farmers

BYLINE: Peter Fabricius

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 494 words


Zimbabwe's commercial farmers are warning that the unity government's new
100-day plan to boost agriculture is pie in the sky designed to tempt the
international community to pour desperately-needed funds into the country.

The Commercial Farmers' Union (CFU) says that the targets for agricultural
production in the 100-day plan released last week are "ridiculous" and
unrealistic.

This was especially so because President Robert Mugabe's men had actually
increased their invasions of the few remaining productive farms since the unity
government was formed in February, Deon Theron, the CFU's deputy president said
in Johannesburg.

This had completely disrupted farming.

He said he could understand that Zimbabwean President Morgan Tsvangirai, leader
of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), felt he had to endorse the 100-day
plan to attract international aid.

"But if international money comes in before agriculture has been fixed, it will
simply be poured down the drain," he insisted.

Theron poured scorn on all the agricultural targets in the 100-day plan; the
target for winter wheat was 100 000 tons - "but I doubt if we will get 25 000
tons".

Tobacco

The tobacco target was 150 million kilograms while realistically production
would be 40 million to 50 million kilograms at most.

The maize crop would not be more than 400 000 tons, far short of the 1.6 million
tons in the plan.

And the plan was aiming at 600 000 metric tons of sugar, whereas last year only
297 000 metric tons had been produced.

Theron said that about 4 000 of the original 4 500 commercial farms had been
seized and this was where almost all the production had come from. "So where is
this increased production going to come from?"

He pointed out that the 100 000 metric ton target for winter wheat was
especially unrealistic as the crop was supposed to be planted now, yet most
farmers were being prohibited from farming and there were huge outages of the
electricity needed to run the pumps to irrigate the wheat.

Theron also noted that the remaining few commercial farmers were now unable to
get bank loans to finance the planting of crops because the banks would not
accept their farms as collateral because the farmers were all under threat of
seizure or eviction.

The new government had offered just 100 commercial farmers 99-year-leases to
continue to farm their farms which the government has claimed ownership of.

But the banks were refusing to accept such leased land as collateral because
they did not trust the leases, Theron added.

He said Zimbabwe's economy would never recover until farm ownership and
occupation had been sorted out.

The farmers were planning to return to the Southern African Development
Community (SADC) Tribunal in Windhoek on June 5 to ask it to enforce its
previous decision that the farm invasions were illegal.

Mugabe has so far simply ignored the tribunal's original judgment and a
subsequent finding that his government was in contempt for ignoring the
judgment.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 13, 2006 Monday

Farm Service Loan Program Facing SBA-Style Changes

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 171 No. 29

LENGTH: 706  words


The Bush administration wants the Department of Agriculture to follow the

Small Business Administration's lead in funding its guaranteed loan programs.

The USDA's proposed fiscal 2007 budget calls for a reduction in funding

for guaranteed loans made through the Farm Service Agency and an offsetting

increase in fees on such loans. The loan guarantees cover up to 95% of any

loss of principal and interest a lender might experience on a farm loan.

A similar fee increase implemented in 2004 has not seemed to hurt the

SBA's guaranteed lending program. It guaranteed a record $18.9 billion in the

fiscal year that ended Sept. 30.

But Robert E. Finney, the chairman and chief executive officer of the $72

million-asset Muleshoe State Bank in Texas, said the hard-pressed farmers who

seek Farm Service Agency loans can ill-afford the added costs.

"This is a budget maneuver promulgated by some bureaucrat in Washington

who has no idea of what the program is really for," he said.

According to Mr. Finney, Farm Service Agency loans are not intended for

prosperous, veteran agricultural producers. Rather, banks use guaranteed farm

loans to help farmers who have run into difficulties because of droughts or

other problems beyond their control. The loans also help beginning farmers

get started.

Over all, the Farm Service Agency plans to guarantee about $3.4 billion

of loans in fiscal 2007. It is seeking a budget of $113 million to support

its lending authority, versus the $150 million it requested in fiscal 2006,

and the added fees would fill the gap.

Though Congress must approve the USDA's budget, the department can

implement the fee increase through the rulemaking process.

The maximum amount a farmer can seek under the guaranteed loan program is

$852,000. John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers

Association's Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, estimated that the

fees, currently 90 basis points of the amount borrowed, would rise to 150

basis points for guaranteed farm ownership loans and 200 basis points for

guaranteed operating loans.

Mr. Blanchfield said one benefit of increasing fees is that the Farm

Service Agency would need less money from Congress to pay its credit costs

every year. That reduction would eliminate much of the uncertainty that

occurs when lawmakers are late in approving the budget, he said.

The same reason was touted as the chief benefit of the SBA fee hike.

In the last fiscal year the SBA did away with nearly $100 million that

was earmarked for loan losses; it made up for the lost money by doubling the

fees that lenders and borrowers paid to obtain its guarantees. Critics

predicted that increasing fees would make SBA loans too expensive for

start-up entrepreneurs, but the agency's lending activity has shown no signs

of slackening. It expects to guarantee about $28 billion in fiscal 2007.

Still, Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at the $578 million-asset First

Dakota National Bank in Yankton, S.D., said the USDA's fee hike could lead to

banks using the Farm Service Agency program less. The hike would make

guaranteed loans more expensive to offer to customers, because banks would

need to charge more to cover the fees, and that could lead some banks to

abandon the program, he said.

First Dakota made over $9 million of guaranteed loans last year, he said.

"We use these for farmers who have suffered losses from drought or

changes in the market, things beyond their control," Mr. Wolfgram said.

Mr. Finney said the proposed increases would come at a particularly bad

time, because farmers are facing pressure from higher energy costs, which

make it more costly to buy fertilizer and to plant and harvest crops.

Mark K. Scanlan, the director of agricultural finance at the Independent

Community Bankers of America, said energy costs are not the only pressure

farmers are facing. In many parts of the country, farmers also are dealing

with droughts. Any increase in loan fees would hurt borrowers' chances of

getting loans when they need them the most.

"If you're already very tight on making the loan cash flow and you come

on and add a percentage point to their costs, you make it less workable at

the start," Mr. Scanlan said.

John Reosti contributed to this story.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 2, 2013 Saturday

Budget 2013: Impact on sectors & top stocks in focus

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 2042 words


NEW DELHI: Finance Minister P Chidambaram in his budget 2013 speech announced a
lot of sector specific measures that will have far-reaching consequences on the
companies operating within them. While some sectors have reasons to cheer,
others may not find relief in the measures that have been initiated.

ETIG analyzes the measures announced, their likely impact and top stock picks to
buy or sell from them:

Automobile

Budget Measures: Rs 14,883 crore allocated to Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban
Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for purchase of 10,000 buses under the city
modernisation scheme.

Excise duty on Sports Utility Vehicle (SUVs) hiked from 27% to 30%

Tax Concession on spare parts of environment friendly vehicles extended till Mar
'15

Impact: The allocation of close to Rs 15,000 crore to JNNURM is a big positive
for the heavy commercial vehicle industry, which is currently under severe
stress on account of declining sales. With the budget now proposing to use these
funds to purchase 10,000 buses.

Who will benefit: Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors and Eicher Motors.

However, increase in the excise duty of SUVs has come as a big jolt to the
industry as this move comes at the time when SUV is the only segment showing
encouraging sales in the entire automobile sector. Only recently the government
had hiked diesel prices through partial deregulation, which was also negative
for SUVs which run only on diesel. This move will have an adverse impact on
Mahindra & Mahindra, the country's largest manufacturer of SUVs as also Tata
Motors and Force Motors.

Extension of tax concession on spare parts of eco-friendly cars is only
marginally positive for Mahindra & Mahindra that manufactures electronic car -
REVA as the share of eco-friendly vehicles in its total scheme of things is
miniscule.

ETIG PICKS - Ashok Leyland, Eicher Motors

Stocks to Sell - M&M

Media & Entertainment

Measures: Last year, at the request of the film industry, the Budget had
accepted full exemption of service tax was granted on copyright on
cinematography. This year the Budget has accepted the industry's request to
exempt service tax on films exhibited in cinema halls.

Increase in customs duty to 10% from 5% on set top boxes

Impact: This will have a long-term benefit for production houses such as Eros
International Media, Balaji Telefilms and Disney India. The impact of this
measure can be understood in terms of a deal of a production house with an
actor. Earlier, a production house would pay service tax to an actor for his
fees. Now the production house will recover the service tax by charging the same
when it sells its films to the distributor. So, the measure offsets any loss for
production houses.

Increase in customs duty on set top boxes will have a marginal impact on
Direct-to-Home (DTH) and cable companies, which import set top boxes. This is
because most DTH companies had already increased its subscribers' cost in recent
months. Dish TV recently had increased its subscribers acquisition costs by Rs
200 recently. Hence, due to high level of digitisation, the industry as a whole
will be able to absorb this increase in the customs duty.

ETIG picks from the sector: Eros International Media, Balaji Telefilms, Dish TV



Banks and Financial Institutions

Measure: The Finance Minister earmarked Rs 14,000 crore for capital infusion in
Public sector Banks to meet the Basel III requirements.

There were also sops for encouraging home ownership. The budget proposed to
provide an additional deduction of interest of up to Rs 1 lakh on housing loans
of up to Rs 25 lakh for the first time buyers in addition to the current
exemption of Rs 1.5 lakh. The FM has also set aside Rs 6000 crore for the rural
housing fund and Rs 2000 crore for the urban housing fund through the National
Housing Fund.

Farm loan interest subvention for short term crop loans continued for farmers
who pay loans on time at 4%. The scheme which was applied to loans of public
sector banks has been extended to private sector banks too.

The FM has also increased the corpus of SIDBI's India Microfinance Equity (IME)
Fund by Rs 100 crore to provide equity and quasi-equity support to Micro Finance
Institutions.

Impact: The re-capitalisation of public sector banks is a big positive since the
Basel III norms are to be implemented by April 1, 2013. This will not only help
them meet the minimum Tier 1 capital of 8% but also help support loan growth.

Housing finance companies will be positively impacted by providing incentives
for the home buyer and setting up funds to encourage rural and urban housing as
this will increase the demand for home loans.

Private lenders: Private sector banks will not be impacted much by the farm loan
interest subvention since they do not have substantial farm loan book. Also
their credit appraisal and collection mechanisms are also superior which will
not result in higher bad loans from this segment.

Increasing volumes is the main concern of the brokerage houses and with the
current subdued market activity reducing STT will not benefit them much.

The additional corpus provided to the IME fund will support small and mid-sized
micro-lenders which find it hard getting loans from banks - their main source of
credit post the micro-finance crisis.

ETIG Picks: Punjab National Bank, LIC Housing Finance, Allahabad Bank, GRUH
Finance

FMCG Sector

Measure: The rate of tax on payments by way of royalty and fees for technical
services to non-residents or foreign company has been increased from 10% to 25%,
subject to the tax limit stipulated in the double tax avoidance agreement
(DTAA).

Impact: This WILL raise tax outgo and consequently adversely impact the
bottomline of listed MNC FMCG companies such as HUL, Colgate Palmolive, Castrol
India, P&G Hygiene and Healthcare, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Gilette India
which pay royalty to their overseas parent.

Measure: The specific excise duty on cigarettes has been increased by about 18%
on all cigarettes except cigarettes of length not exceeding 65 mm. Similar
increases have been proposed on cigars, cheroots and cigarillos.

Impact: For cigarette companies, the Union Budget does not have any surprises as
excise duty on cigarettes is raised in most budgets. Excise duty hike on
cigarettes has limited implications on most cigarette companies, as eventually
they are able to pass on the tax burden to the consumers. Besides, this time
other tobacco products like cigar, cheroots and cigarillos have also attracted
similar increase in excise duty.

Tops picks of ETIG: ITC, VST Industries



Cement:

Measure: Awarding of 3,000 km of road projects in first half of FY14, Boost to
Housing segment by giving tax deductions and allocating funds

Impact: The sector has been witnessing dwindling demand in the last three years
as a result of slowdown in construction activities.

The budget move will help assured sufficient off-take of cement by giving fillip
to the infrastructure and housing sector. First, it announced the awarding of
3000 km of road projects in the first six months of FY14. In addition, two
important measures were taken to increase home ownership. Firstly, it dedicated
Rs 2000 crore towards Urban Housing Fund and Rs 6000 crore to Rural Housing Fund
in FY14. Secondly, an additional deduction of interest of Rs 1,00,000 on home
loans was announced for the first time home buyers. This deduction will be over
and above the deduction of Rs 150,000 allowed for self-occupied properties.This
should provide a boost to construction activity

On the operational front, the much anticipated hike in excise duty on cement was
not announced, which came as a breather for the sector.

Negative: The only negative came from the railway budget when freight rates were
further hiked by 5.8%.

Overall, positive for the cement sector.

ETIG Picks for the sector: Ultratech cement, JK Cement, Shree Cement

Real Estate

Measure: Interest deduction raised to Rs 2.5 lakh for loan upto 25 lakh. Also a
25% increase in rural housing fund to Rs 6000 crore and THE SETTING UP OF an
urban fund of Rs 2000 crore. This is a positive for housing companies.

Impact: Interest deduction raised to 2.5 lakh will boost demand for houses in
tier II and Tier III cities as cost of such apartments in these regions range
from Rs 30-70 lakhs. Besides this, a higher housing fund allocation will also
boost demand and increase home ownership. Major beneficiaries from this will be
the companies that have projects in tier II and tier III towns.

ETIG's Top Picks: Purvankara Projects and Godrej Properties

Chemicals & Agrochemicals

Measure: The finance minister has proposed extension and expansion of a number
of agriculture focused schemes that will encourage higher agrochemical
consumption. These schemes include extension of agricultural credit, interest
subvention for short-term crop loans is good for the farmers, allowing private
sector banks for this purpose and higher allocations for Rashtriya Krishi Vikas
Yojana.

Impact: Positive for Rallis India, United Phosphorus

Hospitality

Measure: The Budget has proposed to levy service tax on all air-conditioned
restaurants.

Impact: The restaurants business, has been doing fairly well in the last three
to four years. This is reflected in the earnings of the only listed restaurants
company Speciality Restaurants. The company's net profit margins have risen to
11.4% in the December 2012 quarter from 9.1% in the same quarter A YEAR AGO.
Also the company's total income from operations grew by 16.4% to 63.4% on a year
on year basis for the same quarter. With the imposition of service tax, the
company would pass on the increase in service tax by increasing prices of food
items which may lead to lower footfalls. This would impact the company's
revenues in the coming quarters.

ETIG view: (sell)- Speciality Restaurants

Textile:

Measure: The Union Budget has proposed to do away with excise duty on cotton and
manmade sector (spun yarn) at the yarn, fabric and garment stages.

Impact: This should be a big positive mainly for garment-manufacturing
companies. The industry has been battling weak demand for one and half years.
This is reflected in the subdued financial performance of textiles companies in
the last few quarters. It is estimated that the industry's volume growth has
been subdued at 5%. Earlier there was an excise duty of 3.6% on the maximum
retail price of garments. With the doing away of excise duty, it is estimated
that garment-manufacturing companies would save close to 2% of their sales,
which would directly translate into earnings for these companies.

Pressure on pricing of garments will be lower and garments companies may well
cut prices. This will boost demand in the coming quarters. It is estimated that
the demand in the entire value chain may go up by 3-4%, thereby increasing
prospects of enhanced earnings.

Who will benefit: Companies such as Arvind, Mandhana Industries, TT Ltd, and
Alok Industries.

Beside this, the Budget has proposed to incentivise Apparel Parks by proposing
the Ministry of Textiles to provide an additional grant of up to Rs10 crore to
each Park.

Who will benefit: This should be positive for Alok Industries and Mandhana
Industries, which have apparel parks.

ETIG Picks for the sector: Arvind, Mandhana Industries and TT

Infrastructure:

Measure: Setting up of a regulatory authority for roads, target of 3000 km of
project award in first half of FY14, encouraging IDFs, credit enhancement by
IIFCL

Impact: A regulatory body would ensure timely clearances, fund allocation for
the projects. In addition, the companies may now expect faster arbitration.

Although the government had set a target of awarding 8500 km of projects for
FY13 in the previous budget, it was able to award a little over 2000 km of
projects in FY13 so far. Hence, the target for first half of FY14 is smaller it
is more realistic and seems achievable.

In addition, encouraging Infrastructure Debt funds would provide a scheme for
take out financing. This would mean that banks could exit projects after some of
time and in turn lend to other projects.

Besides, credit enhancement by IIFCL would provide access to low cost funds for
the infrastructure companies.

ETIG Picks: IRB Infra, Ashoka Buildcon, Sadbhav Engineering, IL & FS
Transportation Networks

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Budget 2013: Impact on sectors & top stocks in focus

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 2042 words


NEW DELHI: Finance Minister P Chidambaram in his budget 2013 speech announced a
lot of sector specific measures that will have far-reaching consequences on the
companies operating within them. While some sectors have reasons to cheer,
others may not find relief in the measures that have been initiated.

ETIG analyzes the measures announced, their likely impact and top stock picks to
buy or sell from them:

Automobile

Budget Measures: Rs 14,883 crore allocated to Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban
Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for purchase of 10,000 buses under the city
modernisation scheme.

Excise duty on Sports Utility Vehicle (SUVs) hiked from 27% to 30%

Tax Concession on spare parts of environment friendly vehicles extended till Mar
'15

Impact: The allocation of close to Rs 15,000 crore to JNNURM is a big positive
for the heavy commercial vehicle industry, which is currently under severe
stress on account of declining sales. With the budget now proposing to use these
funds to purchase 10,000 buses.

Who will benefit: Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors and Eicher Motors.

However, increase in the excise duty of SUVs has come as a big jolt to the
industry as this move comes at the time when SUV is the only segment showing
encouraging sales in the entire automobile sector. Only recently the government
had hiked diesel prices through partial deregulation, which was also negative
for SUVs which run only on diesel. This move will have an adverse impact on
Mahindra & Mahindra, the country's largest manufacturer of SUVs as also Tata
Motors and Force Motors.

Extension of tax concession on spare parts of eco-friendly cars is only
marginally positive for Mahindra & Mahindra that manufactures electronic car -
REVA as the share of eco-friendly vehicles in its total scheme of things is
miniscule.

ETIG PICKS - Ashok Leyland, Eicher Motors

Stocks to Sell - M&M

Media & Entertainment

Measures: Last year, at the request of the film industry, the Budget had
accepted full exemption of service tax was granted on copyright on
cinematography. This year the Budget has accepted the industry's request to
exempt service tax on films exhibited in cinema halls.

Increase in customs duty to 10% from 5% on set top boxes

Impact: This will have a long-term benefit for production houses such as Eros
International Media, Balaji Telefilms and Disney India. The impact of this
measure can be understood in terms of a deal of a production house with an
actor. Earlier, a production house would pay service tax to an actor for his
fees. Now the production house will recover the service tax by charging the same
when it sells its films to the distributor. So, the measure offsets any loss for
production houses.

Increase in customs duty on set top boxes will have a marginal impact on
Direct-to-Home (DTH) and cable companies, which import set top boxes. This is
because most DTH companies had already increased its subscribers' cost in recent
months. Dish TV recently had increased its subscribers acquisition costs by Rs
200 recently. Hence, due to high level of digitisation, the industry as a whole
will be able to absorb this increase in the customs duty.

ETIG picks from the sector: Eros International Media, Balaji Telefilms, Dish TV



Banks and Financial Institutions

Measure: The Finance Minister earmarked Rs 14,000 crore for capital infusion in
Public sector Banks to meet the Basel III requirements.

There were also sops for encouraging home ownership. The budget proposed to
provide an additional deduction of interest of up to Rs 1 lakh on housing loans
of up to Rs 25 lakh for the first time buyers in addition to the current
exemption of Rs 1.5 lakh. The FM has also set aside Rs 6000 crore for the rural
housing fund and Rs 2000 crore for the urban housing fund through the National
Housing Fund.

Farm loan interest subvention for short term crop loans continued for farmers
who pay loans on time at 4%. The scheme which was applied to loans of public
sector banks has been extended to private sector banks too.

The FM has also increased the corpus of SIDBI's India Microfinance Equity (IME)
Fund by Rs 100 crore to provide equity and quasi-equity support to Micro Finance
Institutions.

Impact: The re-capitalisation of public sector banks is a big positive since the
Basel III norms are to be implemented by April 1, 2013. This will not only help
them meet the minimum Tier 1 capital of 8% but also help support loan growth.

Housing finance companies will be positively impacted by providing incentives
for the home buyer and setting up funds to encourage rural and urban housing as
this will increase the demand for home loans.

Private lenders: Private sector banks will not be impacted much by the farm loan
interest subvention since they do not have substantial farm loan book. Also
their credit appraisal and collection mechanisms are also superior which will
not result in higher bad loans from this segment.

Increasing volumes is the main concern of the brokerage houses and with the
current subdued market activity reducing STT will not benefit them much.

The additional corpus provided to the IME fund will support small and mid-sized
micro-lenders which find it hard getting loans from banks - their main source of
credit post the micro-finance crisis.

ETIG Picks: Punjab National Bank, LIC Housing Finance, Allahabad Bank, GRUH
Finance

FMCG Sector

Measure: The rate of tax on payments by way of royalty and fees for technical
services to non-residents or foreign company has been increased from 10% to 25%,
subject to the tax limit stipulated in the double tax avoidance agreement
(DTAA).

Impact: This WILL raise tax outgo and consequently adversely impact the
bottomline of listed MNC FMCG companies such as HUL, Colgate Palmolive, Castrol
India, P&G Hygiene and Healthcare, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Gilette India
which pay royalty to their overseas parent.

Measure: The specific excise duty on cigarettes has been increased by about 18%
on all cigarettes except cigarettes of length not exceeding 65 mm. Similar
increases have been proposed on cigars, cheroots and cigarillos.

Impact: For cigarette companies, the Union Budget does not have any surprises as
excise duty on cigarettes is raised in most budgets. Excise duty hike on
cigarettes has limited implications on most cigarette companies, as eventually
they are able to pass on the tax burden to the consumers. Besides, this time
other tobacco products like cigar, cheroots and cigarillos have also attracted
similar increase in excise duty.

Tops picks of ETIG: ITC, VST Industries



Cement:

Measure: Awarding of 3,000 km of road projects in first half of FY14, Boost to
Housing segment by giving tax deductions and allocating funds

Impact: The sector has been witnessing dwindling demand in the last three years
as a result of slowdown in construction activities.

The budget move will help assured sufficient off-take of cement by giving fillip
to the infrastructure and housing sector. First, it announced the awarding of
3000 km of road projects in the first six months of FY14. In addition, two
important measures were taken to increase home ownership. Firstly, it dedicated
Rs 2000 crore towards Urban Housing Fund and Rs 6000 crore to Rural Housing Fund
in FY14. Secondly, an additional deduction of interest of Rs 1,00,000 on home
loans was announced for the first time home buyers. This deduction will be over
and above the deduction of Rs 150,000 allowed for self-occupied properties.This
should provide a boost to construction activity

On the operational front, the much anticipated hike in excise duty on cement was
not announced, which came as a breather for the sector.

Negative: The only negative came from the railway budget when freight rates were
further hiked by 5.8%.

Overall, positive for the cement sector.

ETIG Picks for the sector: Ultratech cement, JK Cement, Shree Cement

Real Estate

Measure: Interest deduction raised to Rs 2.5 lakh for loan upto 25 lakh. Also a
25% increase in rural housing fund to Rs 6000 crore and THE SETTING UP OF an
urban fund of Rs 2000 crore. This is a positive for housing companies.

Impact: Interest deduction raised to 2.5 lakh will boost demand for houses in
tier II and Tier III cities as cost of such apartments in these regions range
from Rs 30-70 lakhs. Besides this, a higher housing fund allocation will also
boost demand and increase home ownership. Major beneficiaries from this will be
the companies that have projects in tier II and tier III towns.

ETIG's Top Picks: Purvankara Projects and Godrej Properties

Chemicals & Agrochemicals

Measure: The finance minister has proposed extension and expansion of a number
of agriculture focused schemes that will encourage higher agrochemical
consumption. These schemes include extension of agricultural credit, interest
subvention for short-term crop loans is good for the farmers, allowing private
sector banks for this purpose and higher allocations for Rashtriya Krishi Vikas
Yojana.

Impact: Positive for Rallis India, United Phosphorus

Hospitality

Measure: The Budget has proposed to levy service tax on all air-conditioned
restaurants.

Impact: The restaurants business, has been doing fairly well in the last three
to four years. This is reflected in the earnings of the only listed restaurants
company Speciality Restaurants. The company's net profit margins have risen to
11.4% in the December 2012 quarter from 9.1% in the same quarter A YEAR AGO.
Also the company's total income from operations grew by 16.4% to 63.4% on a year
on year basis for the same quarter. With the imposition of service tax, the
company would pass on the increase in service tax by increasing prices of food
items which may lead to lower footfalls. This would impact the company's
revenues in the coming quarters.

ETIG view: (sell)- Speciality Restaurants

Textile:

Measure: The Union Budget has proposed to do away with excise duty on cotton and
manmade sector (spun yarn) at the yarn, fabric and garment stages.

Impact: This should be a big positive mainly for garment-manufacturing
companies. The industry has been battling weak demand for one and half years.
This is reflected in the subdued financial performance of textiles companies in
the last few quarters. It is estimated that the industry's volume growth has
been subdued at 5%. Earlier there was an excise duty of 3.6% on the maximum
retail price of garments. With the doing away of excise duty, it is estimated
that garment-manufacturing companies would save close to 2% of their sales,
which would directly translate into earnings for these companies.

Pressure on pricing of garments will be lower and garments companies may well
cut prices. This will boost demand in the coming quarters. It is estimated that
the demand in the entire value chain may go up by 3-4%, thereby increasing
prospects of enhanced earnings.

Who will benefit: Companies such as Arvind, Mandhana Industries, TT Ltd, and
Alok Industries.

Beside this, the Budget has proposed to incentivise Apparel Parks by proposing
the Ministry of Textiles to provide an additional grant of up to Rs10 crore to
each Park.

Who will benefit: This should be positive for Alok Industries and Mandhana
Industries, which have apparel parks.

ETIG Picks for the sector: Arvind, Mandhana Industries and TT

Infrastructure:

Measure: Setting up of a regulatory authority for roads, target of 3000 km of
project award in first half of FY14, encouraging IDFs, credit enhancement by
IIFCL

Impact: A regulatory body would ensure timely clearances, fund allocation for
the projects. In addition, the companies may now expect faster arbitration.

Although the government had set a target of awarding 8500 km of projects for
FY13 in the previous budget, it was able to award a little over 2000 km of
projects in FY13 so far. Hence, the target for first half of FY14 is smaller it
is more realistic and seems achievable.

In addition, encouraging Infrastructure Debt funds would provide a scheme for
take out financing. This would mean that banks could exit projects after some of
time and in turn lend to other projects.

Besides, credit enhancement by IIFCL would provide access to low cost funds for
the infrastructure companies.

ETIG Picks: IRB Infra, Ashoka Buildcon, Sadbhav Engineering, IL & FS
Transportation Networks

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Use of Bonds To Aid Farmers Seen on Rise

                          February 25, 1981, Wednesday

By Joseph Palumbo


The use of tax-exempt bonds to assist farmers in the purchase of agricultural
property seems to be increasing.

Delaware is now looking toward the possible use of bonds for this purpose,
joining Florida, Georgia, Iowa, New Mexico, Alabama, South Dakota, Louisiana and
Oklahoma.  Louisiana has already sold a $25 million issue for agricultural
purposes.

In Florida, the state legislature is currently in the process of preparing a
bill establishing an authority to issue tax-exempts to farmers and
agribusinesses to buy land in areas of the state where the population is booming
and land is becoming very scarce.

Georgia also has worked toward issuing bonds for purchase of farmlands through
several of its state agencies and South Dakota also has agricultural bonds under
review.

A report prepared by the Delaware Gov. Pierre duPont's Advisory Committee on
Farmland Preservation showed need for that state to maintain its farmland.

The committee's report suggested that the state's Office of Management, Budget
and Planning be given the responsibility for agricultural land concerns and
suggested that OMBP examine the use of "innovative agricultural credit
resources," such as tax-exempt agri-bonds.

The committee also recommended that farmland owners be exempted from property
taxes, utility taxes, or fees, school taxes and all other service or district
taxes or assessments, except for farm or accessory residences.

The committee pointed out that residential demand for land seems to be the chief
non-farm influence on real estate values in Delaware.  Strip developments and
subdivisions compete against each other, the report said.

"Uncertainty over the future timing and path of urban development hinders
Delaware farmers who want to keep farming.  Unsure about whether they may give
up agriculture by choice or necessity, farmers next to urbanization hesitate to
invest in building improvements, machinery and equipment, soil and water
conservation measures and other expensive capital outlays for which the economic
return is long term," the report continued.

The report also noted that projects such as sewage disposal facilities, highway
transportation systems and rural subdivision streets by government entities
rarely consider the impact on agriculture.

The agriculture development revenue bonds call for the proceeds of tax-exempt
bonds issued by a state authority to buy farm loans from commercial lenders made
under five Farmers Home Administration loan programs.  The portfolio consists of
90% Federally-guaranteed loans under the FmHA farmer program.

The state authority purchases from a commercial lender 90% of the farmer
program-guaranteed loans originated under the Farm Ownership, Farm Operating,
Soil and Water Conservation, Emergency Disaster and Economic Emergency programs.

Repayment of the loan is made to the lending institutions which are holding 10%
of the loan, or the unguaranteed portion.  The lender, in turn, remits 90% of
the loan plus interest to the trustee.  The commercial lenders also act as
servicers for the bond issue.

Although the farmer, who receives a loan ranging from $75,000 to $100,000, pays
a uniform rate of interest, the banks actually loan the money at a commercial
rate, while the tax-exempt financing provides a low interest loan.

The result is a loan that is between 4% and as much as 12% lower on an annual
basis than other sources of farm credit, such as commercial banks, production
credit associations or even FmHA direct loans financed by the Federal Financing
Bank.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 601 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              518 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              HBancorporation Inc.

                                 2201 James St
                            Lawrenceville,  IL 62439
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (608) 943-1038
URL: www.heritagesb.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 11

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   At Heritage State Bank, we offer Farm Ownership Loans to purchase farmland
and construct or repair buildings and other structures. We also offer Farm
Operating Loans, allowing you to purchase equipment and pay for other everyday
operating expenses.  For more information, call:   Lawrenceville: Jim Burns
(618) 943 - 1038 Vincennes: Ryan Burns (812) 882 - 5560 Haubstadt: Elliott
Kavanaugh (812) 768 - 0000   Ag Lending Commitment   Heritage State Bank
specializes in Ag Lending. Our Ag Lenders take pride in careful consideration of
each ag application and proceed with structuring your loan according to your
resources and with your goals in mind. Our philosophy is to treat each farmer as
an individual and consider each situation as presented. As a farmer, your
business is constantly changing and we are committed to working with these
changes to provide you with the best possible customer service. Heritage State
Bank realizes that your well being affects the well being of our community as a
whole. We are proud to be partners with many area farm families and look forward
to serving you. When you're in need of farm financing, come to the ag
professionals who don't leave their expertise in the office . . . Come to
Heritage State Bank!  NOTICE: Heritage State Bank.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              519 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

South Africa: CPLF Karsten Farms (Pty) Project

LENGTH: 265  words


The proposed project will help Karsten reduce its high energy costs and its
carbon emissions footprint. Karsten will pilot the use of solar panels in farm
worker housing, which it can replicate on its other farms. This is in line with
IFC  s stated objective of creating demonstration projects that can showcase
successful cleaner production efficiencies for others in the sector.


Karsten Farms (Pty) Limited (Karsten or the company) is the parent company of
the largest table grape exporter in South Africa. In addition to grapes, Karsten
produces dates, apples, melons and citrus on a total of over 1,500 hectares. The
project entails providing a corporate loan to Karsten to introduce energy
efficiency measures and use of renewable energy in its farming operations.
The total estimated project cost is $1.2 million. The proposed IFC investment is
an A Loan (Cleaner Production Loan) of $900,000 for IFC  s account extended
through the Cleaner Production Lending Facility (  CPLF  ), a $125 million
facility approved by IFC  s Board in September 2009 to support Cleaner
Production investments among existing IFC clients.
The project sponsor is Mr. Petrus Karsten Sr., who established Karsten as a 13ha
raisin farm 30 years ago. The Shareholding structure now comprises: Karsten
Family Trust (51.95%); Industrial Development Corporation (36.95%); Yarona Farms
Limited, a company owned by the employees of Karsten (11.06%) and Bertus Loubser
(0.04%).
The project will be implemented at Karsten  s farms located in the Northern and
Western Cape Provinces, South Africa.

country :South Africa
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 2, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Farm banks reaping a turnaround

BYLINE: Dennis Cauchon

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif.


The 700 farm lenders at the Independent Bankers Association of America annual
meeting here are as upbeat as at almost any other time in the 1980s.

The bankers are prospering because many farmers again are prospering. But farm
banks - traditionally lenders for crops, livestock and equipment - also say
their recovery has been fueled by entry into two important niches: home lending,
once the undisputed province of the now-troubled savings and loan industry, and
farmland financing.

''We could handle all the housing (loans) that S&Ls do now,'' says Jack Dickey,
president of First National Bank in Thomas, Okla. ''It's a heck of a lot less
risky than farm lending.''

Dickey's bank, like many, is profiting by making home loans, then selling them
to investors, who turn them into investment securities bought and sold in the
financial markets. That way, his bank doesn't have to hold long-term loans - an
uncomfortable position for banks.

Now, a new banker-owned corporation, called Farmer Mac, will begin packaging
farmland loans into investment securities later this year. In response, banks
have been jumping into farmland lending, a niche previously left to insurance
companies and the Farm Credit System. Sixteen hundred banks already have signed
up to use Farmer Mac.

Serving rising farmer demand for Midwest land as crop prices stay high, banks
lent $ 20 billion for farmland purchases in 1988, up nearly 30% from a year
earlier, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. estimates.

The bankers insist that land financing won't get them into trouble. Land prices,
while rocketing in many areas, aren't anywhere near the inflated levels of the
early 1980s.

''We're basically farm lenders already. We aren't going to bust a farmer with
heavy debt,'' says Bud Gerhart, president of First National Bank of Newman
Grove, Neb.

In any case, farm bankers have extra money to lend this year. Reason: High crop
prices, caused by the '88 drought, boosted farm profits last year. Many farmers
have used the money to begin reducing the debt that has burdened them throughout
the 1980s. ''Our farmers have made substantial reductions in debt,'' says Jack
Wagner, president of Farley State Bank in Farley, Mo.

TEXT OF GRAPHIC
Farm banks on the mend
So far this year, 26 banks have failed, including one farm bank. The number of
failed farm banks vs. total bank failures:

 Bank failures:

Farm
Year      banks     Total
  '85        62        120
'86        59        138
'87        55        184
'88        28        200

Source: FDIC

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  color, Julie Stacey, USA TODAY, Source: FDIC (Drawing, woman hanging
closed sign, man with pig outside, graph, chart)

Ribbon Label; NEW BOOM IN THE FARM BELT; 3

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              521 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Ulster Bank sells at least 18 NI farm loans to Cerberus

BYLINE: RACHEL MARTIN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 467 words


AT least 18 Northern Ireland farms are among the businesses affected by Ulster
Bank's latest loan sale, the Belfast Telegraph can reveal.

The bank this week confirmed it had sold its £2bn Project Oyster loan portfolio
to US vulture fund Cerberus.

The fund also bought the Northern Ireland property portfolio of Nama, the
Republic's bad bank, in Project Eagle.

As part of the deal, Ulster Bank has sold (EURO)2.5bn (£2bn) in loans, including
900 mortgages, across Ireland. It is understood around 12% of the overall debt
is based in Northern Ireland.

The bank would not confirm the number of farmers affected - but the Ulster
Farmers' Union (UFU) claimed that at least 18 farmers' loans had been included
in the deal.

It means farmers now have to deal with Cerberus as their lender instead of
Ulster Bank, which could mean a change in their terms and conditions. Melissa
Wylie, an officer at charity Rural Support, said her organisation had received
several phone calls from worried farmers.

"It's the uncertainty which is the hardest thing for farmers to deal with," she
added.

"They're not sure exactly what the terms of the new arrangement will be, or how
it will affect them yet.

"There's also the disappointment and the sense they haven't been able to manage
the farm as well as other generations."

In addition, some farms were third or fourth-generation family businesses, with
ownership of the family home tied in, she said.

UFU president Barclay Bell stressed that it was important for farmers to
continue to engage with their banks, whether or not they were affected by the
latest transaction.

"It is disappointing that agriloans have been included in this debt package
sale," he added. "We understand that only a small number of farmers are
involved, but I can imagine the impact this will have on those businesses and
families. If any-one affected is a UFU member, I would encourage them to contact
the union for advice and support. The UFU is keen to see banks continue working
with their farm customers in an open and supportive way.

"Communication is key. I would encourage farmers to keep the lines of
communication open and for banks to do the same.

"In most cases, the banks are already using the close relationships they have
with customers to explore options before adopting more hardline strategies, and
I would like to see this continue."

An Ulster Bank spokesman said the bank would contact all affected customers.

"Ulster Bank has confirmed the completion of a sale of an impaired loan
portfolio, predominantly in the Republic of Ireland, enabling the bank to
strengthen its balance sheet for the benefit of its customers," he added.

"The loans involved are all in Ulster Bank's problem debt management unit and
have been in arrears or under specialist management for a significant period of
time."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2016 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers Urge Loan Payment Moratorium page 3

                             March 8, 1983, Tuesday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The National Farmers Union has proposed a one-year moratorium on principal and
interest payments due to the Farmers Home Administration, the lender of last
resort known as the FmHA.

The moratorium would halt further foreclosures and liquidations of family farms,
the group says.

Congress is also looking into the increasing number of farm foreclosures and may
ask the FmHA to defer payments due by some of the agency's borrowers. But a
blanket moratorium on payments on all FmHA loans is opposed by the Reagan
administration and is not likely to be included in any proposals Congress might
approve.

The farm group is also calling for the immediate reorganization of the FmHA into
two separate agencies. One agency, the Family Farm Recapitalization Agency,
would be restricted to being a lender of last resort to family-size farms.

The second agency under the farm union's reorganization plan for the FmHA would
be a Rural Development Agency.

The group says the existing FmHA is bogged down in a ''myriad of
responsibilities'' that make it ''impossible for the agency to give adequate
priority to farm ownership and operating loans.''

As a separate agency, the Family Farm Recapitalization Agency would be better
suited to provide a supervised loan program. The new agency, the farm group
said, should have the authority to provide long-term real estate and production
loans.

Variable-Rate Loans Urged

The group also wants those loans made at a variable interest rate with flexible
repayment schedules in ''accordance with the producer's annual net farm income
and crop production.''

To support their reorganization plan, the farmers union cited a General
Accounting Office investigation of the FmHA which the union said ''documented
the inadequacies of the FmHA in farm loan supervision.'' The union also pointed
to congressional hearings which ''demonstrated that the United States Department
of Agriculture has been unable to carry out a coordinated rural development
program.''

The farmers union made its proposals during its recent annual convention in San
Diego.

Agriculture Secretary John Block recently criticized various proposals in
Congress and state legislaures that call for a blanket moratorium on farm
foreclosures. A spokesman for the FmHA said the farm union's proposals are ''not
the approach to the problem.''

Stan Weston, the agency's information officer, said the FmHA has worked on a
case-by-case basis with farmers having difficulty making loan payments.

Last fiscal year, Mr. Weston said, the agency had 270,000 loans outstanding. Of
that total, 12,700 were rescheduled or reamortized; interest or principal, and
in some cases both, were deferred on another 3,608 loans; and the agency agreed
to become a ''second lender'' to production credit associations and commercial
banks to allow continued funding of another 29,900 farm borrowers.

One-Year Deferral

In Washington, a House subcommittee has passed on to the House Agriculture
Committee a proposal that would give FmHA borrowers the right to seek a one-year
deferral on their loans if the borrowers can show that they are good managers,
that repayment of existing loans has been made difficult by factors beyond their
control, and that if given the chance they would be able to repay their
obligations.

The Senate Agriculture Committee has approved a nearly identical proposal, and
it is now before the full Senate.

The farm union's proposal came on the heels of a proposal last month by another
farm group, the Colorado-based American Agriculture Movement, for federal
legislation to put a moratorium on farm foreclosures by commercial lenders and
government agencies.

moratorium legislation was introduced in several state legislatures, including
North Dakota, Minnesota, Ohio, and Nebraska.

In Iowa, Lt. Gov. Robert Anderson has asked the state attorney general for a
ruling on the constitutionality of a state permitting a moratorium to be
declared.

Under an Iowa law passed in 1932, the governor can declare a state of emergency
that would give property owners an extension on foreclosure actions if the
owners cannot make payments because of severe weather or during an economic
depression.

Mr. Anderson estimated that 10,000 Iowa farmers face liquidation because of the
poor farm economy.

The moratorium legislation could affect commercial banks more than the FmHA,
which generally is the target of the legislation. And that has commercial
bankers worried.

Commercial lenders may be affected most because the FmHA, being a federal
agency, apparently cannot be controlled by any actions approved by states. The
FmHA has legal opinions stating such, according to several state bank
associations.

That puts the burden on the commercial banks, which argue that they will be
reluctant to lend if there is even a remote chance that the state government may
intercede and impose a delay on the time lenders could demand payments on loans.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 831 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                              523 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 498 words


It should be increasingly apparent from this editorial series that a federal
farm bill deals with so much more than commodity price supports and food export
policy.

Three of the most important "titles"(sections) set forth policy on credit and
loans, research and rural development.

While they might not affect nonfarmers as directly as issues that play into the
price of food at the supermarket, they are of critical importance to rural
America - and that means everyone in North Dakota to one extent or another.

As the legislation works its way through the U.S. Senate, reportedly prospects
are good for rural development programs to be strengthened, and for credit
provisions to be modernized and to be more targeted than the previous version.
As the bill now stands, a level of spending that sat at $72 million in the 2002
bill for the myriad of provisions that comprise rural development might be
increased by $475 million. The reason is that crucial existing programs, such as
financial aid to rural critical access hospitals, rural development grants and
public utilities systems in small towns and tribal lands, are in for
substantially increased funding.

Then, indicators that rural development is a 21st century concern are found in
new support for increased access to broadband telecommunications in the
countryside and small towns, and a rural entrepreneur and microenterprise
assistance program.

We need to move beyond the 70-year-old concepts that became embodied in the
Farmers Home Administration. In today's world, less than 10 percent of rural
people live on a farm, and about seven in 10 family farm operations report that
the principal operator or a spouse works off the farm

Loan programs will be at the heart of a progressive and healthy farm bill.
According to the USDA, the two direct loan limits of $200,000 are unchanged
since the 1980s. Operating loans and direct ownership loans for the purchase of
ag land greatly need to be updated. In 2002, the value of land and buildings
owned by an operator 35 years old or younger was $595,000. Rising land values
and purchase prices have driven that figure up by almost half during the course
of the old legislation. There is a loan program intentionally meant to kickstart
operations for beginning farmers. The provisions for the conservation loan
guarantee program are forward-looking.

The title on research support could have the most specifics of any in the entire
farm bill. It extends to the singling out of research facilities, livestock and
crop diseases needing cures and the kinds of research to be pursued, such as
genetics.

We should be pointedly interested in this section, which is the support both of
the research station south of Mandan and dozens of the research programs carried
on by North Dakota State University. Their funding must be protected, even
expanded.

A good, useful farm bill is making progress toward being law. It well might
reach the floor of the Senate the week of Oct. 28. It's greatly needed.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 18, 1980 Friday

Smith urges PCs   to divert funds   for interest relief

BYLINE: Stan Oziewicz; GAM

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


By STAN OZIEWICZ
  Money being handed out by the Ontario Government to "wealthy
 corporations" should go instead to relieve the pressure on small
 Canadian-owned businesses paying exorbitant interest rates, Opposition
 Leader Stuart Smith said yesterday.

Outlining a $100-million temporary program that also would help
 financially squeezed homeowners and farmers, Dr. Smith said some
 homeowners are facing severe hardship, farmers are being forced to sell
 out to feed companies and foreign investors and small businesses are
 falling prey to multinationals.

Opposition parties are threatening to defeat the minority Progressive
 Conservative Government if it fails to provide relief from high interest
 rates in the budget on Tuesday.

Dr. Smith also told reporters yesterday that his temporary relief
 program would become a Liberal Party plank should there be an election
 this year.

The program would set a base interest rate of 12 per cent and cover
 part of the difference between that and today's high rates.

The plan would be retroactive to April 1 and would expire at the end
 of the year. It would redirect grants away from large companies under the
 province's $200-million Employment Development Fund to small
 Canadian-owned businesses.
    (As of yesterday, the Government had given away almost $105-million
 from the fund, about $95-million of that going to pulp and paper
 companies.)
    Small companies that can demonstrate a need and can show the
 assistance would protect jobs would be eligible for grants to defray
 interest on loans of up to $100,000.   For a loan of this size, a company
 could qualify for half the difference between the present rate of about
 18 per cent and the 12 per cent interest base. The company could,
 therefore, get up to $2,250 over the nine-month period.

This part of the Liberals' interest relief program would cost
 $30-million.   Another part of the Liberal plan is designed to help
 homeowners facing mortgage renewals in 1980 - other than those under the
 federal Assisted Home Ownership Program, who have been promised aid by
 the federal Government.

Homeowner grants would vary in amount depending on family income and
 would apply to the first $40,000 of a mortgage. The maximum grant would
 be $150 a month. Families with incomes of more than $37,500 would not be
 eligible.

If a family with gross income of $31,500 were to renew a $40,000
 mortgage at 17 per cent, for example, the homeowner would qualify for a
 grant of 32 per cent of the difference between 17 per cent and 12 per
 cent interest. In this case, the family would get $53.33 a month to help
 meet its mortgage payments of $566.67.   Grants could be as high as 75
 per cent of the difference in interest rates for families making
 $20,000.   The mortgage renewal part of the Liberal program would cost an
 estimated $40-million, which party officials say could come from a
 rejigging of the Ontario budget without raising taxes.

Asked whether some taxpayers now unable to afford homes would resent
 subsidizing present homeowners, Dr. Smith said that was a problem.
    "This (plan), however, I hope would be seen by people in rental
 accommodation as equivalent to the protection they have under rental
 control."
    In the farm part of the plan, costing $30-million, only family-owned
 farms could qualify for up to $3,000 in aid on loans of up to
 $100,000.   For example, a farmer qualifying for a $100,000 loan may now
 be paying 20 per cent interest, 8 per cent above the Liberal base rate of
 12 per cent.

Over the nine-month period, the farmer could get half the difference
 between the two rates, or about $3,000.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                  May 2, 2013
                                 First Edition

Bankers welcome government finance but keenly await details

SECTION: CTY; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 413  words


The State's banking industry has welcomed the inclusion of concessional loans in
the Federal Government Farm Finance package, saying it will help primary
producers improve farming and business structures.

But just like farmers are waiting for the full details so too are NAB,
Commonwealth Bank of Australia-owned Bankwest and Westpac.

The loans of up to $650,000 will be available with a maximum term of 20 years,
with a fixed concessional period of five years, followed by a return to
commercial market lending arrangements.

Yet to be determined is the interest rate of the concessional loans and what
will be needed as security to access the loans. Rural Finance Roundtable Working
Group spokesman Rowell Walton said he believed interest rates could be less than
5 per cent, while others tipped rates as low as 4 per cent.

A Muntadgin Farming Alliance survey during a recent crisis meeting in Merredin
found farmers were being charged from 8 to 23 per cent interest.

Next week, the National Farmers Federation will release its April Agribusiness
Loan Monitor, comparing major banks' agribusiness loan-rates movement, to help
farmers and rural businesses make financial decisions.

In December, the agribusiness loan interest rate was 8.539 per cent. While the
rate was lower again in January, at 8.3 per cent, there has been no movement
since.

NFF economics and trade general manager Tony Mahar said if the Government's rate
was lower than banks, it would be very attractive to farmers.

For farmers in the red, more debt may not be an option.

Across Australia, ABARES estimates farm debt at $60 billion.

NFF believes a more accurate picture of farm debt, specifically industries,
locations and amounts, is needed to address the situation.

Banks are keen to know if concessional loans will be able to be used to replace
existing loan facilities and what the Government will want farmers to use as
security against the borrowed amount.

NAB agribusiness manager Andrew Clark said it was a wait-and-see situation.

Once we have a clear understanding, we will know how to progress and help our
customers, he said.

Bankwest believes the additional support and resources, including 16 extra rural
financial counsellors, is a step in the right direction. A bank spokesman said
it was likely to work in different ways for customers.

How it will operate, is something Westpac is keen to learn about.

ANZ, the Bank of South Australia, Bendigo Bank, Suncorp and Commonwealth were
also contacted for comment.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 29, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE EMBATTLED INDEPENDENT FARMER

SECTION: Section 6; Page 138, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 5140 words


David Kline is a freelance journalist and director of Impact Features, a
Chicago-based agency for writers.
By David Kline
Heads bowed, a hundred Georgia farmers sit stiffly on folding chairs beneath a
striped tent. They listen in silence as the pastor begins his invocation: ''Our
Lord, whose farm is all creation, please grant thy blessings to those here
today, and especially to Charles and Frances Bodrey and their children. Amen.''

Gazing at the hushed crowd from the podium, the auctioneer hesitates before
beginning his regrettable task: the foreclosure sale of the Bodrey family farm.
He notices Charles Bodrey standing off to the side, by one of the tent poles,
not a trace of emotion on his face.

Charles Bodrey, 44 years old, has long been regarded as one of the best farmers
in Georgia. He won numerous crop production awards and was twice featured on the
cover of Progressive Farmer magazine. He operated 994 acres, twice the national
average farm size, of prime land, and nearly all of it was under the most
advanced irrigation system available. Just a few months before he harvested his
last crop, in fact, Bodrey was besieged by equipment dealers and other farm
suppliers clamoring to get his endorsement of their products.  Now, he waits
silently for his land, his equipment and the investment of 27 years of hard work
to be auctioned off, while the farmers standing around him wonder how long they
can hold out before they will be in the same position.

The auctioneer snaps on the microphone and the squeal of feedback breaks the
spell under the tent. People come alive again as the bidding begins.

Scenes like this Georgia auction have long been a regular part of the landscape
of the United States. But today, agricultural experts fear that the rhythmic,
rapid-fire droning of the auctioneer's chant may signal much more than the
plowing under of yet another independent farmer. The increasing rate of farm
foreclosures is an indication that America's unique and awesomely productive
farm system, built on the broad-based ownership of land by millions of family
farmers, is on the verge of outright extinction. In its place, says the United
States Department of Agriculture (U.S.D.A.), ''will be a few large firms
controlling food production in only a few years.''

Today, United States agriculture stands at a crossroads. Debt loads and
bankruptcies among farmers have reached levels unseen since the Depression. Farm
officials are warning of widespread bankruptcies and foreclosures after the
first of the year, when tens of thousands of farmers will find themselves unable
to pay back their 1981 loans. In a short time - less than two decades, predicts
the Department of Agriculture - a million farmers (nearly half the current
total) will be driven from their land and only 1 percent of the remaining
operators will possess half the nation's arable land and food supply.

What a change of this magnitude would mean for the whole of society is of
increasing concern to agricultural experts and political leaders alike. The
possible consequences, from rising food prices to drastic changes in the texture
of traditional rural life, have become the focus of a sharp debate that has
dramatically escalated since the Reagan Administration introduced its new farm
policies.

It is believed by many that the Reagan Administration's efforts to sharply
reduce Federal expenditures in the farm sector will only exacerbate the debt
crisis and increase the number of rural bankruptcies next year. Though Congress
balked at implementing the full scope of the White House cutback proposals -
which included the elimination of the Economic Emergency loan program, a 25
percent reduction in Farmers Home Administration lending for 1982, and major
cuts in commodity and loan supports - the new farm bill still contains
significant reductions and is typically referred to by farmorganization leaders
as a ''disaster.''

Many of these leaders, who actively campaigned for Ronald Reagan on the basis of
his promises to support higher commodity prices and to increase the availability
of loans for hard-pressed farmers, now feel betrayed. Curt Sorteburg, an Iowa
Farmers Union official, says: ''Reagan talks a lot about how he's helping
small-business men, including farmers. But despite the rhetoric, he's doing just
the opposite.'' Sorteburg is also dismayed at the way the President and Congress
have singled out for criticism Federal price supports for tobacco growers.
''They're conveniently ignoring the fact that for most crops today, Government
support prices are actually below the cost of production.''

Meanwhile, Secretary of Agriculture John Block has apparently shelved efforts
begun under the Carter Administration to reform existing tax, credit and
agricultural-development policies - a task that many experts say is the key to
saving the family farmer and restoring profitability to agriculture. This kind
of fundamental policy reform was the chief recommendation of a controversial
report released by the Department of Agriculture in the closing days of the
Carter Administration. While the popular notion is that the typical farmer lives
off the fat of Federal subsidies, the department's report, entitled ''A Time to
Choose,'' conceded that the entire range of Federal farm policies had steered
the greatest benefits to the biggest producers: 3 percent of all farmers
received 46 percent of all benefits paid by Federal farm programs in 1978. These
policies, noted the report, ''accelerate the trend toward ever larger farming
operations'' and ''encourage economic cannibalism within agriculture.''

Since 1950, an average of 2,000 United States farms have gone out of business
each week, resulting in a situation today where the largest 7 percent of all
farms - those with more than 1,000 acres - control 54 percent of the nation's
total farmland and account for more than half of all agricultural sales.

A farmer forced to quit his land is not necessarily a marginal producer with too
small an operation to manage efficiently. Research by both private economists
and the Agriculture Department has demonstrated that smaller farmers are no less
productive per acre than their bigger, sometimes corporate, competitors. In the
same region in which Charles Bodrey ran his 994-acre farm, economists discovered
that maximum efficiency and productivity on a per-acre basis - ''economies of
size'' is the term used -could be attained on a farm of only 399 acres. Size
seems to result not in a superior efficiency in food production, but simply in a
superior ability to control the market.

Beyond this minimum size for maximum effeciency, says the Agriculture
Department, ''society has no reason to encourage or subsidize growth, nothing to
gain in terms of efficiency or lower food costs.''

While family farms may be as efficient as larger ones, economic factors have
seriously eroded their viability. Skyrocketing production costs and interest
rates have joined with stagnant commodity prices to lower profitability. Some
crops today cost substantially more to produce than they bring in at market:
Wheat, for instance, costs about $5.32 per bushel to grow, but sells for around
$3.50.

While crop prices may fluctuate widely from year to year, the longterm trend has
been a tightening cost-price squeeze on the farm.  Interest rates have risen
faster than the Consumer Price Index, as have production costs like the price of
fuel - and petrochemicalbased fertilizers. And as a result of the level of
concentration in farm-supply industries like machinery manufacturing - four
firms control 83 percent of all farm equipment sold in the United States -
farmers have been overcharged $250 million annually, according to a 1972 Federal
Trade Commission Study. Partly because of surpluses, prices paid to farmers for
their crops have not kept pace with these rising production costs. In addition,
diminished competition among middlemen who purchase farm products tends to
depress crop prices. Profit margins for most major crops have dropped nearly 50
percent since 1974. Net income per acre has skidded from $11 in 1950 to barely
$4 today. The 1980 net income per farm, adjusted for inflation, was the worst
since the Depression. And the farmer's purchasing power from crop sales is only
half what it was 30 years ago.

Neither the very smallest and marginal operations nor the very biggest farms are
being squeezed as much as the productive mediumsized growers, those working
between 200 and 1,000 acres.  Small-farm families typically earn the bulk of
their income from off-farm work in nearby factories and businesses and thereby
generate enough income to subsidize their farms. The biggest operators have the
capital resources, tax advantages and sheer volume of production to sustain
profitability. The middle-sized farmer, however, usually depends entirely on
farming for his livelihood and has no recourse against declining profit margins.

In Charles Bodrey's case, the economics simply caught up with him.  He spent
$2.63 per bushel this year just for seed, lime, fertilizer, nitrogen, herbicide,
fuel for his machinery, and irrigation when he planted his corn crop. Then he
spent another 25 cents per bushel to harvest the corn, 17 cents per bushel for
drying and handling, and 3 cents more per bushel for the part-time labor of two
hired hands.  Leaving aside whatever value should be placed on his own, his
wife's and his eldest son's full-time labor, Bodrey had already laid out $3.08
per bushel, in hard cash, to bring his corn to market.

He had to sell it at $2.60 per bushel. Not only did he fail to make a profit,
but Bodrey could not even pay the interest, let alone, the principal, on his
land mortgage, his tractor purchases and his operating loan. Having little
equity with which to secure new financing for next year, he had to quit.

''Maybe I should've never planted back in February,'' Bodrey wonders, ''but I
was already so far in the hole from these bad years recently that I just didn't
see how I could quit.'' Now Bodrey must join the thousands of other farmers
nationwide who each month uproot their families and move to nearby towns and
cities in search of work or, failing that, welfare. At 44, he feels he is young
enough to find another line of work, and in fact he has already received job
offers from several farm-related businesses. But he is less confident about the
future of many of his older neighbors. ''Most of them aren't really thinking
about making any money; they're trying to figure out how the heck they can get
out of farming without losing everything they've worked for over the years.''

Some observers claim that, even with current debt loads, the rate of failure
would not be as high as it is if farmers employed better business practices. In
fact, it is not unusual to hear even a farmer complain that many of his
neighbors (but not, of course, himself) are terrible businessmen who never put
pencil to paper and plan their finances.

Most experts, however, say the problem is too widespread to be corrected simply
by better business practices. Tommy Irvin, State Agricultural Commissioner of
Georgia, concedes that ''at least 50 percent of our farmers are very deeply in
debt.'' Bob Blalock, the former Georgia director of the Farmers Home
Administration, a major Federal lender, estimates that more than 80 percent of
his agency's 6,000 statewide loan recipients were unable to pay the installment
on their 1980 loans. Adds Jonny Neely, chairman of the Citizens State Bank of
Butler, Ga.: ''We may be talking about another 'Grapes of Wrath' here.''

Though Georgia's problems are more severe than those of most other states
because of record droughts there in recent years, the same sort of debt crisis
exists throughout the country. In Illinois, the Farmers Home Administration's
state chief of farmer programs, James Reifsteck, estimates that delinquencies on
most types of loans are running in the range of 20 percent to 26 percent, with
bankruptcies approaching 10 times the rate of previous years. North Dakota's
chief of Farmers Home Administration programs, LeRoy Nayes, says delinquencies
in his state average 19 percent on most types of loans, and he claims this
delinquency rate is about the lowest in the nation. He is especially troubled by
the fact that nearly a quarter of all North Dakota farmers are now on his
agency's rolls: Farmers Home Administration loans are available only to farmers
who have already been denied credit by banks.

''Many of these people are living off borrowed funds, not income,'' Nayes
explains. ''It may not look so bad on the surface, but underneath, the
profitability just isn't there anymore. And frankly, I don't see much light at
the end of the tunnel.''

Neither does Richard Pottorff, an economist for Data Resources, an economic
research organization. His analysis of farm conditions captured national
headlines when it was released in August. ''The farm sector of the United States
economy is teetering on the brink of a depression reminiscent of the 1930's,''
he declared. ''The outlook for farm income and profitability has gone beyond
dismal and would have to be termed catastrophic.''

Forty miles southeast of Macon, Ga., Unadilla (population 1,562) might be
mistaken by the casual observer for just another truck stop, good at best for a
little gas and a bite to eat. Even as rural towns go, Unadilla is lightweight.
One can cruise the entire business district by car in just under a minute. There
are no clubs or movie theaters in Unadilla; younger residents must drive to
nearby Perry or even Macon on Friday and Saturday nights. The town's only claim
to fame is Tommy Kersey, the charismatic state leader of the American
Agricultural Movement, who gained national notoriety three years ago as a key
figure in the militant protest by farmers from across the country who drove
their tractors through the streets of Washington.

Despite Unadilla's barren atmosphere, its 30 businesses, four churches and
single bank are the nerve center of a network extending for many miles over the
countryside - a network of farm families.  There is a growing unease among these
farmers, a feeling that the natural order has gone askew. ''Used to be if you
worked hard, you could make a decent living,'' says one farmer who worked his
way up from behind a mule-driven plow. Like many of Unadilla's farmers, he now
faces foreclosure. ''Nowadays, well, I just feel like everything's going the
other way.''

''A lot of farmers have lost everything they have,'' adds Marvin Ragaen,
chairman of Unadilla's State Bank and Trust Company.  ''Probably no one around
here has really made a profit since 1977.''

Just outside the town stands the Smyrna Independant Methodist Church, a small
wood-frame structure topped by a clean white spire.  ''With maybe one
exception,'' says its minister, Joe McNulty, ''all the families in this church
are facing the possibility of bankruptcy in the near future. They're real proud
people around here, you know.  They find it hard to deal with the fact that
they've got all these debts they can't pay. And they've had such good times in
the past.  Really good times. They can't accept the change.''

Farming is more than a job; it is a whole way of life to the people. But rural
communities are drastically changing. Young people leave because there are so
few opportunities for independent farming, and if wage labor is all that's
available, well, it pays better in the factories than in the fields. Some shops
and churches close, but the result is not so much a ghost town as a town haunted
by a more familiar past. Day by day, the old hometown seems less a community of
families than a conglomeration of individuals.

The essential characteristic of the new farm structure that is emerging is a
growing separation of ownership and control of land from the hands that actually
work it. This comes about in different ways.

Sometimes, agricultural land is bought up by absentee investors not so much for
the income from production as for the speculative possibilities: Land in some
areas is inflating in value at twice the rate of the Consumer Price Index. As
much as 50 percent of the nations's farmland may already be owned by nonfarm
operators and investors, according to the General Accounting Office. If the
absentee owner happens to be a corporation, the benefits are even greater than
for an individual.

Also, any corporation whose farm income represents less than 10 percent of total
earnings does not have to report that income separately. So profit and losses
may be shifted around within the corporation, depreciation accelerated, and
great advantage taken of other tax provisions allowed to farms as well.

In certain areas of the country, however, corporations own vast tracts of land
and reap major profits from high-volume specialty crop production. Tenneco West
Inc., for example, owns 1.1 million acres in California and Arizona. This
subsidiary of the Houstonbased oil conglomerate is the largest grower of
California table grapes in the United States. The citrus fields in Florida owned
by Minute Maid (owned in turn by Coca-Cola) are another example of direct
corporate involvement in crop production. So great is the concentration of land
ownership in some parts of the country that in California, for instance, 60
percent of the land is farmed by only 3.7 percent of the state's operators,
according to Don Villarejo of the nonprofit California Institute for Rural
Studies.

Far and away the most common form of corporate influence in agriculture, though,
is not the direct ownership of land. (Probably fewer than 5 percent of America's
farms are owned by corporations.) It is through a process known as ''forward
contracting,'' whereby the conditions and volume of production as well as the
price after harvest are set in advance by food manufacturing and processing
firms with growers. The farmers get a guaranteed price in an unstable market,
while the contractor gets the farmer's labor with none of the risks of
ownership. Or, as A.V. Krebs, a leader of the nonprofit organization Rural
America, puts it: ''In most cases the corporation does not become a farmer; it
rents one.'' And since processors use their contract prices with higher-volume
farmers as the base price for all their crop purchases, forward contracting
tends to dictate commodity prices received by all farmers, even those who do not
grow under contract.

The Agriculture Department estimates that today at least 25 percent of total
United States agricultural output is controlled through vertical and contractual
integration. But this figure is somewhat deceiving, since some crops are almost
completely controlled by a few large firms: 100 percent of sugar cane and sugar
beets, for instance, and 98 percent of milk, 97 percent of all broiler chickens,
95 percent of processed vegetables, and 85 percent of citrus fruit.

By whatever name it is known - corporate agribusiness, megafarming, industrial
agriculture, Big Food - this new farm system is rapidly changing the complexion
of rural life. Just as this new system requires a new breed of farmers - hired
(or rented) labor rather than independent owners - it also spawns new
communities in which they must live.

Research has been done to quantify the social consequences of agribusiness.
Perhaps the seminal work was undertaken more than 35 years ago by Walter
Goldschmidt, now a professor at U.C.L.A.'s anthropology department, as a
researcher for what was then the U.S.D.A.'s Bureau of Agricultural Economics.
Though political pressure from agribusiness - reported in the press at the time
- resulted in the suppression of Goldschmidt's full study by the Agriculture
Department, the termination of his position and the demise of the bureau itself,
his study became a sort of cult classic among rural sociologists until it was
finally updated and published in 1978, under the title ''As You Sow.''

In his study, Goldschmidt examined two farm communities in California's San
Joaquin Valley chosen for their remarkable similarity. Each had the same volume
of crop production, comparable soil quality and irrigation development, and
similar climate. Both communities were equidistant from major urban areas and
similarly served by highways and rail lines. In only one major respect were they
different: The town of Dinuba was centered on a small familyfarm economy,
whereas the town of Arvin depended on large-scale agribusiness farming.

Goldschmidt discovered that Dinuba's family-farm economy supported 20 percent
more people per dollar volume of farm output than Arvin did. Yet despite this
greater population load, Dinuba also provided its residents with a 12 percent
higher standard of living. (In 1970, researchers again visited the two towns and
found that Dinuba then enjoyed a median income that was 37 percent higher than
in Arvin.)

Goldschmidt further found that the physical facilities for community living,
such as paved streets and sidewalks, garbage and sewage disposal, were far
superior in Dinuba. The agribusiness town had no high school and only one
elementary school, whereas Dinuba provided its citizens with four elementary
schools in addition to a high school. Three public parks existed in the small-
farm town; the large-farm town offered only a single playground, lent by a
corporation.

In addition, Dinuba sustained more than twice the number of social organizations
for civic improvement as did Arvin, whose citizens demonstrated a measurably
lower rate of participation in civic, social, church and political activities.
In Dinuba, various governmental bodies existed enabling residents to make
decisions about the public welfare through direct popular vote; no such bodies
existed in Arvin.

Offering an explanation for the disparity, Goldschmidt noted: ''The small-farm
community is a population of middle-class persons with a high degree of
stability in income and tenure and a strong economic and social interest in
their community.'' By contrast, he said, the big-farm community contained
''large numbers whose only tie to the community is their uncertain and
relatively low-income job.  Differences in wealth are great among members of
this community, and social contacts between them are rare.''

Goldschmidt was the first to document how farm structure and ownership patterns
can directly influence the character of rural life. In the years since, a number
of rural researchers have taken to the field in several states and discovered
the same connection between expanding farm monopolization and declining
community viability.

Larry Swanson, for instance, is an economic consultant in Lincoln, Neb., who
last year completed a doctoral study of changes over a 30-year period in 27
rural Nebraska counties. ''I found a direct negative correlation between farm
sizes and conditions of rural communities,'' he explains. ''In other words, here
in the Midwest as well, when agricultural production becomes concentrated in
fewer and fewer hands, the quality of community life measurably deteriorates.''

''What do we need farmers for?'' asked the irate woman caller on a rural radio
talk show recently. ''I can get all the food I need at the grocery store!''
Though most Americans realize we do need farmers, the question remains: Do we
need family farmers?

''I don't think we can say that a small farm is as energyefficient or as
production-efficient as a large farm,'' contends the president of Tenneco West,
Tris Krogius. ''That's one reason the economics of the industry favors bigger
farm units.''

But Agriculture Department economists fear that a highly monopolized
agricultural system may by its very nature be less robust and shock-resistant
than the diversified family-farm system it is replacing. This is because
large-scale farms are much more capital intensive and energy exhaustive than
equally productive smaller farms. While large-scale farming does enjoy a
short-term economic advantage, ultimately it may be more susceptible to energy
shortages and economic difficulties. When all stages of the food-production
chain are fused together under the concentrated control of a few companies, a
disruption in any one link of the chain - a corporate bankruptcy, for instance -
is more likely to bring the whole system down.

A second cause for concern is that agribusiness farming is believed by many to
speed up soil erosion and loss of fertility, already a major problem, with at
least one-third of all American farmland eroding at rates that produce declining
crop yields. Critics say corporate and absentee farmers have a
love-it-and-leave-it attitude toward the land, regarding it as an investment to
be farmed to the point of exhaustion. And large-scale farms typically use
herbicides and other chemical poisons on more than 30 percent of their acreage,
compared with 4 percent used on smaller farms. This may increase productivity
temporarily, but groups like the National Family Farm Coalition, Rural America
and the Center for Rural Affairs in Nebraska fear that it is no substitute for
conservation, and that in the long run the growing use of chemicals will damage
the fertility of the soil itself.

Respected agricultural experts warn that as a result of erosion, unwise use of
chemicals and the continuing conversion of prime farmland to industrial and
commercial uses, food surpluses may soon be a thing of the past.

Though the future impact of agricultural monopolization upon food prices is
impossible to predict, the former Federal Trade Commission economist Russell
Parker has estimated that consumer overcharges because of diminished competition
in the food industry already approach $14 billion annually, or about $200 per
family. Furthermore, the major source of retail food price increases in recent
years has not been the farmer, but the highly concentrated processing and
foodmanufacturing sectors. A recent example of how diminished competition can
raise food prices occurred during last year's peanut shortage. Processors and
manufacturers more than doubled the price of peanut butter to the consumer even
though upwards of 90 percent of peanut farmers sold their crops under contract
to the processors at the same price as the year before.

Faced with these concerns, 10 states in the last decade have enacted laws to
restrict corporate farming activities. At the national level, repeated but
unsuccessful legislation designed to ''restore competition to the agricultural
industry and to provide for the continued existence of the family farm'' has
been introduced. Known as the Family Farm Antitrust Act, a House version
reintroduced by Democratic Representative Robert Kastenmeier of Wisconsin this
year would stipulate that no business with nonfarm assets of more than $5
million ''shall control, or attempt to control, directly or indirectly, the
production of raw farm products through ownership or long-term leasing of
agricultural land.''

From the National Farmers Union to the American Agriculture Movement, a variety
of farm organizations also call for the defense of the family-farm system. Some
of these groups have lobbied Congress, some proposed legislation, others
organized for collective bargaining and, in 1978, one group called a farm
strike. In one instance, a group of gun-wielding farmers in Georgia even
prevented a Farmers Home Administration foreclosure on one of their neighbors.
To a large extent, however, the militancy that fueled the tractorcade protest of
a few years ago has been replaced by demoralization over what farmers believe is
Washington's lack of concern for their plight.

Whether the expected increase in bankruptcies next year will give rise to a new
upsurge of farm protest is impossible to predict.  Organizing by farmers has
been scattered and only minimally effective; the typical family farmer resists
the concept of collective action. ''For sure we have to organize ourselves,''
insisted Charles Bodrey shortly before his auction sale, ''and for sure we never
will.''

Sociologists and political leaders have long maintained that the family-farm
system occupies a special niche in American life. Former Senator Gaylord Nelson
of Wisconsin once called it ''the seedbed of our culture,'' while Walter
Goldschmidt has written that the familyfarm system creates ''a pattern of
egalitarianism and personal independence'' that helps maintain democratic
institutions. It is perhaps no accident, say some observers, that black slavery
and later the development of large migrant labor forces reached their zenith in
precisely those regions of the United States where the familyfarm system has
historically been weakest: the South and the Southwest.

As the Agriculture Department noted, the destruction of the familyfarm system
''implies a disenfrachisement, a separation, of the majority of people from the
land.'' It seems unlikely that an agricultural system that employs 20 percent of
the nation's work force and generates an estimated 25 percent of the gross
national product can be transformed into an industry controlled by a relatively
few large firms without profoundly altering the nation's political fabric.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Vermont diary farmer paying bills photo of
Charles Bodrey and family in Georgia

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              527 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                                  July 4, 2008

Norgate gambles on hybrid vigour

BYLINE: RURAL BUSINESS Hugh Stringleman

LENGTH: 885 words



HIGHLIGHT: But the big question is whether a majority of the farmer-shareholder
community would be impressed


Will 75% of Silver Fern Farms farmer-shareholders agree to PGG Wrightson
chairman Craig Norgate's bid to inject hybrid vigour into the meat industry?

Familiar with generating offspring which out-produce either of their pure-bred
parents, farmers will be asked to approve a proposed partnership for vertical
integration in the meat industry at the cost of half of their co-operative
ownership.

Listed rural servicing company PGG Wrightson proposes to inject $220 million
into Silver Fern Farms, formerly PPCS (Primary Producers Co-operative Society),
for 50% ownership.

Silver Fern is the meat industry leader, with 24 plants and $1.9 billion annual
turnover. Against a background of poor profitability and continual agitation for
structural change, initial responses indicated that Silver Fern (SFF)
shareholders would take PGG Wrightson's offer.

But agreement from three out of four farmers is a big ask, and a lot can happen
in two months before the vote. With what some analysts are calling a generous
offer, PGG Wrightson is seeking an influential position in a major export
sector, for the provision of its goods and services, at a time world protein
prices are rocketing up.

Farmers will need to recall how hard it has been to achieve their ownership and
control of processing, and that PGG Wrightson will be taking big clips of the
ticket in future.

The partnership proposal is well timed, from PGG Wrightson's point-of-view.

Sheep and beef farmers are still hurting, and in the mood for changes, and this
is in advance of much-higher lamb and beef returns to come next season. But it
is those rising world prices that may cause SFF farmers to reject the
partnership proposal and remain in 100% ownership.

For each meat company shareholder, the ownership stakes are not high, compared
with the million dollar investment Fonterra's dairy farmers have in their
co-operative. Total share investment in Silver Fern Farms is $69 million, spread
among 9000 shareholders, at an average stake of $7,500 each.

At February 29, Silver Fern Farms had $848 million total assets, $612 million
total liabilities (half of them loans) and net assets of $236 million including
members' shares and retained earnings.

The $1 nominal share investments are thus a modest membership, whether in rebate
shares or supplier investment shares, and may not be worth dying in a ditch over
the principle of farmer-ownership.

For most farmers, socialism is pragmatic, not dogmatic. Their main ambition
right now is to increase their 16% share of the retail price (overseas) of the
typical NZ lamb.

At least $100 a lamb is needed for sheep farmers to feel justly rewarded in
these agflationary times, and to hold their own farms against the rising milk
tide.

Anyway, if the other major co-operative, Alliance Group, was to now find a
merger with Silver Fern more appetising, farmers as owners would get back up to
considerably more than 50%, perhaps even 70% of an entity which holds promise of
a profitable future.

PGG Wrightson's injection of $220 million beefs up the SFF balance sheet, the
weakness of which was cited by Alliance in rejecting the first mega-merger
proposal. SFF has also addressed plant overcapacity, closing both Oringi in the
lower North Island and Burnside in Dunedin. The partnership has been constructed
"as a precursor to further necessary consolidation," the prime movers said.

Alliance earlier this year proposed a concept to draw 80% of export processing
capacity into the one farmer-owned entity.  Farmers were being asked to
subscribe a net $400 million, or $15 a lamb, to pay for the consolidation, which
would then be returned in efficiency gains.

Co-operative shareholders would be credited with their existing equities. This
was rejected by SFF.

In the April 24 issue, the NBR revealed the rejection was because SFF was
already in discussions with PGG Wrightson on a "complete supply chain from
conception to plate" ambition.

Mr Norgate has several times since spoken of the structural failure of the meat
industry to deliver for farmers, especially in comparison with Fonterra, in
which he was a big formative influence.

"Conceptually (the mega-merger) was the right thing, so we have got to find
another way of making it happen," he said in June. The PGG Wrightson capital
injection will "accelerate the gains" from the SFF "Rightsize" project, which
means taking out more processing capacity.

However the partnership principals claim that even without further consolidation
of the industry, this partnership "makes perfect sense."

That claim rests on the vertical integration concept, which brings consumer and
customer requirements back through processing to contract livestock procurement,
pastures, genetics and even farm advisory services. Silver Fern, Alliance, Anzco
and Affco, which are the big four meat companies, are already well-integrated,
passing back market signals as far as the genetics used on farm.

The strategy is not new, only the means that SFF now proposes. The challenge
before all meat industry participants is to make that strategy work properly, to
forge responsive partnerships between producers and processors. PGG Wrightson
believes it is the catalyst to achieve that transformation.

But SFF shareholders will have to decide whether the proposed cost is warranted.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

people in business

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 903 words


Amanda Goodman will join Ron Steele next month as co-anchor of KWWL News at
Five, Six and Ten.

A native of Pennsylvania, Goodman has worked as a reporter and anchor for more
than 10 years at stations in Texas and North Carolina. She also served as a
journalism instructor at West Texas A&M University.

As an anchor and mother, Goodman is very much in tune with issues facing parents
and children.

Goodman looks forward to bringing her passion for news to the Midwest.

"I'm incredibly excited to come to eastern Iowa and be a part of a station and
region with such rich history," Goodman said. "I have been nothing but impressed
by the quality and caliber of the people in this organization."

Jim McKernan, vice president and general manager at KWWL, said Goodman is an
excellent fit.

"She has a solid journalistic background and a level of dedication to causes
that matter to so many in our viewing area," he said.

Goodman begins at KWWL on July 8 and will take her place on the anchor desk on
July 31.

*

Dubuque Data Services announced the following new hires:

Jeremy Baltierra joined the company as a software support analyst. He graduated
from Northeast Iowa Community College.

Julie Walsh joined the company as a software support analyst. She graduated from
Clarke University.

Ron DuBord will lead new sales growth. He is a graduate of the University of
Wisconsin-Platteville.

Gavin Gross joined as a software development intern who is currently enrolled at
Clarke University.

*

Farm Bureau Financial Services announced that Ted Borelli has joined the company
as an agent at its 2333 Kennedy Road location. As an agent, he will help Farm
Bureau customers prepare for the future and protect what matters most to them by
providing products and services that protect families, individuals and
businesses. He formerly worked in the media industry for more than 20 years.

*

Robert M. McDonell, NMLS 521203, has joined U.S. Bank Home Mortgage as a
Community Reinvestment Act mortgage loan originator. He works at the U.S. Bank
office at 270 W. Seventh St. He originates residential mortgage loans, along
with the U.S. Bank American Dream Mortgage option, which is designed to provide
home ownership opportunities for eligible borrowers with minimal down payment
requirements. He works with clients to help them achieve their dream of home
ownership. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Loras College and a Master of
Science degree from Mississippi State University and an MBA from Nova
Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. He formerly worked as a bank
manager and mortgage banker at Liberty Bank.

*

The financial services firm Edward Jones has hired Terri S. Raymond as the new
financial advisor for the Dubuque branch office at 3430 Dodge St., Suite 23. She
has 14 years of experience in the financial services industry. Edward Jones
provides financial services for individual investors in the United States and,
through its affiliate, in Canada. Every aspect of the firm's business, from the
types of investment options offered to the location of branch offices, is
designed to cater to individual investors in the communities in which they live
and work.

*

The Shareholders of IIW, P.C., announced the following board of directors:

Dennis F. Waugh, P.E., S.E., LEED AP, (principal civil and structural engineer)
as president; Michael A. Jansen, P.E., S.E., (chief executive officer/principal
civil and structural engineer) as vice president; Ronald A. Balmer, P.E., S.E.,
AIA, (chief financial officer/principal building designer and structural
engineer) as vice president/treasurer; Timothy J. Tranel, P.E., LEED AP,
(department coordinator and principal structural engineer) as vice
president/secretary; Geoffry T. Blandin, P.E., (branch manager and municipal
engineer) as vice president; Julie P. Neebel, P.E., (department coordinator and
transportation engineer) as vice president; and Lauren N. Ray, P.E., S.E., LEED
AP BD+C, (project manager and structural engineer) as vice president.

*

The American Advertising Federation (AAF) Dubuque announced the following
appointments to its board of directors:

Club Officers:

President, Jill Busch, of American Trust & Savings Bank; first vice president,
at-large, Shelby Wartick, of Area Residential Care; second vice president,
communications director, Amanda Lawson, of Platinum Supplemental Insurance Inc.;
past president, co-club achievement director, Shannon Murphy, of OnMedia
Advertising; treasurer, Nate Harbin, of Premier Bank; and secretary,
co-education director, Erin Sell, of Medical Associates.

Directors:

Membership director, Kelli Buchenau, of the city of Dubuque; program director,
Beth Mescher, of Greater Dubuque Development Corp; ADDY co-director, Colleen
Havens, of Great River Technologies; ADDY co-director, Stephonie Schmitz, of SAO
Dzynz Inc.; co-education, co-club achievement director, Jason Schwass, of
McCullough Creative Inc.; social director, Amy Kemp, of McCullough Creative
Inc.; public service director, Kristin Hill, of Dubuque Symphony Orchestra; and
at-large, Wendy Vosberg, of Telegraph Herald.

*

Mike Callahan, of Callahan Insurance, in Cascade, Iowa, was presented with a
2013 President's Club plaque from Grinnell Mutual Reinsurance Co. The plaque
recognizes the agency's achievement, ranking among Grinnell Mutual's top 50
agencies and 11 farm mutual companies for outstanding production and
profitability over a five-year period.

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 996 DOCUMENTS

            UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Brighton and Hove

                                 April 7, 2004

Ex-husband's bid for half of farm fails

BYLINE: Tom Pugh (news@theargus.co.uk)

LENGTH: 671 words


To the outside world Mitchelswood Farm is a haven where children learn to ride
ponies amid 20 unspoilt acres of idyllic countryside.

The family-run farm has gained a loyal following with its relaxed friendly
atmosphere professional staff and exemplary standards.

But beneath this respectable veneer runs a long and bitter dispute between a man
and his ex-wife over ownership of the farmhouse at Newick near Lewes.

Under normal circumstances such disputes would be settled within the family. But
as a judge put it this was a "somewhat unusual case".

It ended yesterday with computer consultant Derek Lightfoot losing his High
Court bid against his former wife Seona Lightfoot-Brown to regain a share of the
farmhouse.

Mr Lightfoot lived at the farm with his first wife but in 1985 he bought her
share of it and subsequently moved Mrs Lightfoot-Brown in.

Between 1988 and 1992 they had three children and married in April 1993 but the
marriage fell apart and divorce proceedings began soon afterwards.

A decree nisi was granted in June 1994 but the couple reconciled their
differences and had a fourth child. They subsequently fell out again and
proceeded with the divorce in 1996.

Yet again the pair were reconciled and until September 1998 when their marriage
finally broke down they continued to live at the farm.

Mr Lightfoot signed away ownership of the farm to Mrs Lightfoot-Brown in 1997.

Judge John Martin QC told the court Mr Lightfoot made mortgage payments of £24
000 a capital payment on the mortgage of £41 000 and also spent money on a
stable unit and a new kitchen.

Because he had ploughed such vast sums into the farmhouse Mr Lightfoot claimed
he was still entitled to a half-share of it.

Mrs Lightfoot-Brown rejected his claim.

What ensued was the expensive and damaging High Court case which ended with Mr
Lightfoot on the losing side yesterday.

Richard Jones QC for Mr Lightfoot said he made the payments only because he
believed he was going to receive back a half-interest in the house.

The barrister argued Mrs Lightfoot-Brown made the promise at two separate
meetings but she said there was "no firm agreement".

Judge Martin rejected Mr Lightfoot's arguments because there was not an
"understanding or agreement" for him to regain a share.

After listening to lengthy legal arguments the judge said although he had "not
found it easy to resolve these conflicts of evidence" he preferred Mrs
Lightfoot-Brown's testimony.

Judge Martin said the clear implication of Mr Lightfoot's evidence was that the
redistribution of property was conditional on the couple remarrying.

He also said a number of documents written by Mr Lightfoot or on his behalf
appeared to contradict his account.

After the case Mrs Lightfoot-Brown said the result felt like a hollow victory.

She said juggling the responsibilities of running a riding school caring for her
daughter and three sons and paying legal bills for such a long time had taken
their toll.

Mrs Lightfoot-Brown said she set up the riding school as her failing marriage
was dragged through the courts.

She said: "I could see where all this was going and I started up the riding
school. It was always my love. I've always been a 12-year-old pony girl.

The stress levels were just unreal. I'm only coming back down off itnow.

With all the kids on holiday and as everyone's laughing and playing about it's
beginning to sink in that this life I have can carry on.

I built this business from nothing. I've got waiting lists for peoplewanting to
come here and I want to build a new barn but all the moneyhas gone to the
lawyers.

After their divorce Mr Lightfoot remarried and moved to Italy while Mrs
Lightfoot-Brown lives at the house and stables with new husband Keith Brown.

Mrs Lightfoot-Brown said she tried to keep her children sheltered from the
battles as much as possible.

She said: "I allowed my two eldest to be privy to it but I kept out the gory
details."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              530 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 9, 2007 Saturday

Namibian paper urges formulation of "definite policy" on farm workers

LENGTH: 681 words


Text of report by Namibian newspaper The Namibian website on 8 June

[Editorial: "Plight of Farmworkers Is Ongoing"]

The plight of farmworkers, often illustrated in reports of eviction as a result
of change of ownership or resettlement, appears to be ongoing.

The media have in the past covered various cases about these workers being
dumped on roadsides with their belongings and left to fend for themselves.

Some time back agreement was reached on a minimum wage for these often-exploited
workers, both past and present, and this was a step forward.

But they still have little security of tenure, especially when it comes to
change of ownership, with new proprietors not prepared to take responsibility
for those they find on farms, often along with their families.

Otjiku farm, which changed hands between the previous white farm owner and the
new black owner, is a case in point.

The new owner, according to media reports at the time, said he did not need the
workers he found on the farm and brought in his own.

The workers in point, who were regarded as superfluous, were then dropped on the
roadside and camped there for months as they had nowhere else to go.

Of course we are not trying to dictate to farm owners who and how many hands to
employ on their property.

But it is important that we look at the workers' plight and try to find
solutions to what is an ongoing problem.

It is important that we be empathetic to those workers, who often know of no
other life and work apart from the farm or agricultural set-up, where they have
sometimes been born, and lived for years, decades even, only to face eviction
when the property changes hands.

The trade unions representing farmworkers had a lot to say about the dumping of
the Otjiku farm workers, which was the right thing to do at the time.

But now, another such expulsion is in the offing at a farm recently expropriated
by the Government.

According to a news report this week, another group of farmworkers is to again
swell the ranks of the countless homeless and poor of the country with the
takeover by Government for resettlement purposes of a commercial farm in the
Otjiwarongo district.

Ironically, the two farms in question, Marburg and Okorusu, were expropriated
for the resettlement of disadvantaged Namibians.

It is important that the Government, or more specifically, the Ministry of Lands
and Resettlement, formulate a definite policy on how to deal with farmworkers
found on expropriated land in particular.

It is both unacceptable and contradictory that some are evicted while others are
resettled on the farms in question.

Since these are farms for resettlement, an accommodation needs to be found to
make a place for those who not only have lived on that same land for many years,
but have also worked it, often for commercial purposes, and know the land better
than others who are being resettled there.

Perhaps they should even be given preference in such cases.

According to the workers of Marburg and Okorusu, they have been told to get off
the land, in this case by workers purportedly representing the new owners -if
this is the case, it is a sad indictment of a policy that is supposed to benefit
the disadvantaged people, rather than add to the unemployment problem by
evicting them in the first place.

Often it is those who are being resettled, who, once again ironically, would
actually be able to afford to purchase land through the Affirmative Action Loan
Scheme of Agribank.

It is unacceptable that the poor must make way for those who can afford to buy
private land.

Again, when it happens that poor workers are chased off Government land,
Government in turn cannot expect or prescribe to private land owners not to do
things differently.

It is important for the unions, and others working with resettlement issues, to
investigate and research the number of cases where such evictions have occurred,
and to come up with solutions that can benefit primarily the poor and
disadvantaged, and in particular, the workers who have been on those properties
for years.

Source: The Namibian website, Windhoek, in English 8 Jun 07

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday

Changing face of small business;
SBA focuses on `encore' entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Natalie Covate, SPECIAL TO THE TELEGRAM & GAZETTE

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 836 words


In April 2011, at the age of 50, Brett Niver decided to leave his day job at EMC
Corp. and start his own company to do what he loved: build things. When he saw
Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. was for sale, he leapt at the opportunity to
buy it.

Mr. Niver now owns and manages the company, designs software for his automation
systems and helps assemble the boxes containing computer components.

The U.S. Small Business Administration works with entrepreneurs like Mr. Niver
to help them get their businesses started. Recently, it has taken a particular
interest in so-called encore entrepreneurs who start their business after age
50.

"These people have a lot of experience in the field, which is a huge deal when
starting a business," said Malise Sundstrom, business development specialist at
the SBA. "Young people don't have this experience or self-awareness."

According to the SBA's Office of Advocacy, small businesses represent 99.7
percent of all American employers. One in four people ages 44 to 70 wants to
become an entrepreneur.

As the American population gets older, encore entrepreneurs are becoming a
significant target for the SBA.

Earlier in 2012, the agency held its first National Encore Entrepreneur Mentor
Day, with 60 event sites in major cities across the country. It was the kickoff
event moving toward training 100,000 encore entrepreneurs in one year
nationwide. During the event, the SBA trained nearly 3,000 entrepreneurs.

Although the event is over, services tailored specifically for encore
entrepreneurs remain accessible online or in SBA offices. All services are
available to entrepreneurs of any age, but some were created specifically for
encore entrepreneurs.

"Technology is definitely a challenge with older adults," Ms. Sundstrom said.

Programs are available to teach encore entrepreneurs about marketing and social
media. The SBA also works closely with SCORE, an association of volunteer
business experts that provides free business counseling to entrepreneurs.

They also offer a $35 Getting Started workshop, a three-hour crash course in how
to get your small business started.

The SBA also helps guarantee loans for entrepreneurs looking to start a
business. They guaranteed a loan for Mr. Niver to buy Irrigation Automation
Systems Inc.

The company achieved a 5 percent profit margin in its first year under Mr.
Niver's ownership. This year, Mr. Niver relocated the business from Buzzards Bay
to a larger facility in Whitinsville, so that his business would have room to
expand and be close to home. He also hired a five-person staff. With these
changes and expenses, Mr. Niver expects Irrigation Automation Systems, Inc. to
make a profit again this year, but just barely.

Mr. Niver said he finds working as an entrepreneur more exciting than his
previous job at EMC, but it comes with its own challenges.

"The first six months were very difficult," he said. "I didn't know what I had
gotten myself into."

In his first year of company ownership, he worked 80 hours a week. He installed
a new radio system in his car with a hands-free telephone so he could make phone
calls during his commute to Buzzards Bay. He would get home late and have just
enough time to put his daughter to bed before continuing his work from home.

Farming is a seasonal industry. Mr. Niver's customers purchase irrigation
systems primarily in the spring and summer. Without a steady flow of customers,
Mr. Niver did not have the security of steady pay, which was stressful for him
and his wife.

"She has since come to terms with not having a steady paycheck or a steady
schedule," Mr. Niver said. "Now, she works here part time."

When Mr. Niver purchased the company, about 450 irrigation automation boxes were
already in use, but every one was different. When a farmer would call because a
system had failed, Mr. Niver had no way of knowing what components were in the
farmer's box.

So, in addition to creating more streamlined hardware and software, Mr. Niver
and his team have been applying serial numbers to their product and documenting
which components go in which box. They are also working on creating blueprints
and instructions for putting the boxes together for their reference as well as a
troubleshooting guide for farmers using their product.

Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. sells and services various sensors, such as
thermometers, to more than 100 farmers. These sensors broadcast a signal
received by a central computer that can then alert the farmer if there is a
problem. The farmer can then control his irrigation systems remotely.

When Mr. Niver bought Irrigation Automation Systems Inc., the company's product
could be found at farms only in Massachusetts. Now, the company services farms
in five states and Canada.

According to Operations Manager Jim O'Connor, the company's previous owner was
relieved when Mr. Niver approached him to purchase the firm.

"(The previous owner) had reached his limit in the first stage of the company,"
Mr. O'Connor said. "Now, he knows his company will go forward."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Brett Niver, president of Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. in Whitinsville,
holds an IAS Advanced AutoStart control box that the company produces for
irrigation pump houses used by farmers.
T&G Staff/PAUL KAPTEYN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 25, 1993

GAO Asks FmHA to Centralize Servicing

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON.


The General Accounting Office has urged the Farmers Home Administration to
centralize servicing of single-family housing loans.

However, the GAO did not take a position on whether the FmHA should contract
with the private sector or develop its own capacity for centralized servicing.

In fact, the report suggested the FmHA may want to do both, allowing competition
between a private loan servicer and a centralized FmHA office to encourage
efficiency.

But the GAO said the agency could reduce costs associated with setting up its
own central servicing capacity by relying entirely on the private sector.

An external study suggested the FmHA could save over $ 100 million annually
through centralized servicing of its direct, single-family rural housing loan
program.

Moreover, FmHA housing loans serviced in the private sector have lower default
and delinquency rates than those serviced by the FmHA county offices, according
to the GAO report.

Centralized loan collections, escrow accounting and delinquency management would
bring efficiency to FmHA single-family mortgage servicing, the report said.

"Centralized servicing of loans is widely and successfully used by private
sector companies, including mortgage firms that typically consolidate and
centralize loan servicing," John Harmon, director of food and agricultural
issues at the GAO, said in a letter to the Senate agriculture committee.

Though the FmHA is best known for offering farm operating and farm ownership
loans to borrowers who would not qualify for conventional credit, its 1-family
portfolio is larger than its farm portfolio.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              533 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Watson ready to make Riverford employee owned

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 866  words


Riverford Farm entrepreneur Guy Watson is set to take his business into employee
ownership.

The businessman - who employs more than 500 staff at the farm near Staverton in
South Devon and at sister sites in Hampshire, Cambridgeshire and Yorkshire -
said that the move makes good business sense with happier engaged staff and tax
benefits.

Mr Watson, 56, has been considering the move for around ten years and first
consulted with Sir Stuart Hampson, former chairman of the John Lewis
Partnership,  in 2005.

Now the farm and internet retail business is well past the 2008 recession, Mr
Watson said it was the right time to go ahead.

He said: "We are ten years on, more people have gone employee owned, they have
ironed out problems and the pitfalls are now better documented plus we have
matured as an organisation. The main benefits is better engagement and
performance from staff.

"The reason that John Lewis' customer service is so good, which I think most
people would agree is key to John Lewis' success, is because they have committed
staff.

"People work best when they feel good about themselves. It's just an obvious
truth when you think about it plus it's very tax efficient."

Mr Watson said that he aims to make Riverford  employee owned by May 2018 and
stressed there are still cisions to be made over the final structure of the
business.

A minimum of 51 per cent will be sold at a below market rate and held in an
employee owned trust - so staff have the controlling stake.

Mr Watson will hold onto 25 per cent with the decision on the remaining 25 per
cent  yet to be made.

Mr Watson said he is still deciding on whether there will also be an element of
direct ownership using the HMRC approved schemes.

He said: "We are consulting with staff to work out what they would like and what
works best for the company."

The proceeds of the sale into employee ownership are not liable for capital
gains tax and means Mr Watson can free up cash to sink into his new venture at
the farm he shares with his wife Geetie Singh and family at Baddaford,
Ashburton.

He married Geetie, an organic entrepreneur who opened the award-winning Duke of
Cambridge pub in north London, in 2014.

They plan to convert the farm to Soil Association certified organic land. He
said: "We want to do some experimental organic stuff here as well as live here.

"But I'm not going to walk away from the business which seems to be the chief
concerns of our franchisees and customers.

"I accept I am the face of the business but my management team largely just get
on with it. I am quite good at delegating though sometimes I will become
outraged if I haven't been consulted on something."

He said employee ownership helps to secure longevity of the business.

Aside from John Lewis, Mr Watson cites Yorkshire manufacturer Gripple as a model
for employee ownership.

Gripple's founder Hugh Facey MBE, wanted to ensure that the workforce enjoyed
some of the financial benefits by encouraging them to take a stake in the
business. Now, all of the 460 employees own equity in the business. Since 2004
new employees have been required to buy £1,000 worth of shares within one year
of joining the firm.

The firm offers loans at the prevailing Bank of England rate to enable employees
to purchase equity. The share price is generated by profits. Shares that in 1994
cost £1 are now worth more than £21.

According to the Employee Ownership Association, employee-owned businesses
achieve higher productivity and greater levels of innovation and are more
resilient to economic turbulence. They also have more engaged, more fulfilled
and less stressed work forces.

Riverford, a five-time winner of the retailer of the year at the Observer
Ethical Awards, has a policy that maintains that no one in the company,
including Watson, would ever earn more than nine times the lowest wage.

A self-confessed 'leftie', Mr Watson said he has been inspired by business
thinker Dan Pink's theory that motivation in the workplace is based on autonomy,
mastery and purpose - giving staff the opportunity to make decisions and to
thrive as part of a greater endeavour.

Mr Watson said: "It is not a substitute for fair wages but if my staff are happy
then I'm happy. If I go into work and everyone is miserable then that really
pisses me off."

He readily admits that not all staff at Riverford receive the voluntary living
wage, promoted by the Living Wage Foundation campaign group, of £8.45 an hour.

He said: " I would like everybody to be paid £10 a hour and I like to think that
in a few years that will be the case."

He said that the labour market is not of greatest concern to his business and he
hoped that Brexit would improve working conditions in the industry. Brexit could
complicate importing from Riverford's sister farm in Vendee, France.

"Are we going to go back to stuff rotting on the dockside while customs
officials look over it. It could mean massive disruption to imports.

"I wanted to remain but I am not a lover of the EU or the common agricultural
policy. What we need is an agricultural policy that leads to environmental
benefits to the UK.

"I am concerned it will be  messy and worry about the disruption it will bring
to the country and to my business."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

Banks Told to Give Subsidised Post-harvest Loans to Farmers

BYLINE: OUR BUREAU KOLKATA

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE

LENGTH: 347 words


The UPA government at the Centre has told banks to provide postharvest loans to
farmers at a subsidised 7% rate to discourage distress foodgrain sales.The
government will also offer another 3% concession on interest rate if the loan is
repaid on time.The benefit will be available to farmers against negotiable
warehouse receipts.Senior bankers said the scheme will encourage farmers to
store their produce in warehouses.Banks have been told to kick off the scheme
immediately for farmers carrying Kisan Credit Cards and for loans up to.3
lakh.Banks have been providing post-harvest loans to farmers at about 9%
interest rate.The government will now offer a 2% interest subvention to them for
extending the subsidised post-harvest loans.This is an extension of the existing
subsidised pre-harvest crop loan facility,which has been in place for the last
several years.The government raised the subvention to 2% for 2011-12 from 1.5%
for the preceding fiscal.Banks have advised their regional offices and branches
to start extending the benefit to farmers.Regional rural banks and cooperative
credit bodies will also get interest subvention for extending this new facility
to farmers."This move is expected to encourage farmers to keep their produces in
warehouses,regulated by the Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority,"
said S Padmanabhan,chief general manager with National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development,or Nabard.Earlier,cold storage owners used to provide
financial assistance to farmers against farm produces stored with them.With the
new scheme in place,farmers are expected to shun the prevalent system and seek
bank loans.The government introduced negotiable warehouse receipts system in
April 2011 to help farmers gain access to bank loans and avoid distress sale of
farm produces.Negotiable warehouse receipts also allow transfer of ownership of
the commodity stored in a warehouse without having to deliver the commodity
physically.The negotiable receipts are eligible as collateral for loans under
the Warehouse (Development and Regulation) Act,2007.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             June 28, 2008 Saturday

Changing times, changing tack

BYLINE: Zoe Phoon

SECTION: ; Fuel for thought; LOCAL; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 528 words


IT used to be difficult for those without official payslips, income tax returns
or bank statements to apply for housing loans, even though they might be
creditworthy. But not anymore.

Starting July 1, the selfemployed with the ability to service housing loans but
unable to provide proof of income streams can take up a government-guaranteed
financing plan called Skim Pembiayaan Perumahan Rakyat (SPPR).

At its launch in January this year, Second Finance Minister Tan Sri Nor Mohamed
Yakcop said the government's aim was to disburse RM1 billion in public housing
loans to 20,000 variable income earners this year.

The finance ministry has allocated an initial RM50 million for the scheme, and
does not require any guarantor as it wants to simplify the application process.

Managed by Bank Islam Malaysia Bhd (BIMB) and Bank Simpanan Nasional (BSN), SPPR
was designed for the self-employed with monthly household incomes of RM1,500
requiring flexible repayment loans repaid over 40 years or until they reach the
age of 65.

Syarikat Jaminan Kredit Perumahan Bhd, a whollyowned subsidiary of the Ministry
of Finance, will guarantee the loans ranging from RM25,000 to RM60,000.

The eligible properties can either be completed or still under construction.

With the scheme, farmers, fisherman and hawkers, for example, only have to
deposit their earnings in a savings account with either BIMB or BSN on a monthly
basis to show proof they have income.

Officers of the banks will then gauge the applicants' ability to repay by
monitoring the farms, fishing ports and hawker stalls the applicants work in.

Doing so will enable the banks to know the creditworthiness of the prospective
borrower.

The finance ministry's RM50 million fund to guarantee housing loans for buyers
who do not have fixed income is among the government's incentives to promote
home ownership and boost interest in the property sector.

Other perks it has introduced include a 50 per cent stamp duty waiver that
purchasers of homes costing below RM250,000 can enjoy, and monthly withdrawal of
Employees Provident Fund contributions for housing purposes.

Many housebuyers will benefit from these inducements as they will help reduce
the overall cost of ownership and make it more affordable, said Nor Mohamed.

Earlier this year, the government also announced a change of policy to boost
property ownership by the poor and underprivileged by pledging to build 40,000
houses for the lower income groups, including single mothers, senior citizens
and the disabled.

Meanwhile, Housing and Local Government Minister Datuk Seri Ong Ka Chuan said
the cabinet together with industry players is working out ways to keep house
prices stable as higher fuel and building material costs threaten to drive up
prices.

Among the proposals is the government's block purchase of 350,000 tonnes of
steel bars worth RM1 billion which can last at least three months based on
current activities; extending the completion time for projects under
construction; and allowing contractors to buy directly from manufacturers.

These moves if implemented will keep the housing industry going, which will
benefit more than 140 related downline industries.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday

Changing face of small business // SBA focuses on `encore' entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Natalie Covate

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 876 words


In April 2011, at the age of 50, Brett Niver decided to leave his day job at EMC
Corp. and start his own company to do what he loved: build things. When he saw
Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. was for sale, he leapt at the opportunity to
buy it.

Mr. Niver now owns and manages the company, designs software for his automation
systems and helps assemble the boxes containing computer components.

The U.S. Small Business Administration works with entrepreneurs like Mr. Niver
to help them get their businesses started. Recently, it has taken a particular
interest in so-called encore entrepreneurs who start their business after age
50.

"These people have a lot of experience in the field, which is a huge deal when
starting a business," said Malise Sundstrom, business development specialist at
the SBA. "Young people don't have this experience or self-awareness."

According to the SBA's Office of Advocacy, small businesses represent 99.7
percent of all American employers. One in four people ages 44 to 70 wants to
become an entrepreneur.

As the American population gets older, encore entrepreneurs are becoming a
significant target for the SBA.

Earlier in 2012, the agency held its first National Encore Entrepreneur Mentor
Day, with 60 event sites in major cities across the country. It was the kickoff
event moving toward training 100,000 encore entrepreneurs in one year
nationwide. During the event, the SBA trained nearly 3,000 entrepreneurs.

Although the event is over, services tailored specifically for encore
entrepreneurs remain accessible online or in SBA offices. All services are
available to entrepreneurs of any age, but some were created specifically for
encore entrepreneurs.

"Technology is definitely a challenge with older adults," Ms. Sundstrom said.

Programs are available to teach encore entrepreneurs about marketing and social
media. The SBA also works closely with SCORE, an association of volunteer
business experts that provides free business counseling to entrepreneurs.

They also offer a $35 Getting Started workshop, a three-hour crash course in how
to get your small business started.

The SBA also helps guarantee loans for entrepreneurs looking to start a
business. They guaranteed a loan for Mr. Niver to buy Irrigation Automation
Systems Inc.

The company achieved a 5 percent profit margin in its first year under Mr.
Niver's ownership. This year, Mr. Niver relocated the business from Buzzards Bay
to a larger facility in Whitinsville, so that his business would have room to
expand and be close to home. He also hired a five-person staff. With these
changes and expenses, Mr. Niver expects Irrigation Automation Systems, Inc. to
make a profit again this year, but just barely.

Mr. Niver said he finds working as an entrepreneur more exciting than his
previous job at EMC, but it comes with its own challenges.

"The first six months were very difficult," he said. "I didn't know what I had
gotten myself into."

In his first year of company ownership, he worked 80 hours a week. He installed
a new radio system in his car with a hands-free telephone so he could make phone
calls during his commute to Buzzards Bay. He would get home late and have just
enough time to put his daughter to bed before continuing his work from home.

Farming is a seasonal industry. Mr. Niver's customers purchase irrigation
systems primarily in the spring and summer. Without a steady flow of customers,
Mr. Niver did not have the security of steady pay, which was stressful for him
and his wife.

"She has since come to terms with not having a steady paycheck or a steady
schedule," Mr. Niver said. "Now, she works here part time."

When Mr. Niver purchased the company, about 450 irrigation automation boxes were
already in use, but every one was different. When a farmer would call because a
system had failed, Mr. Niver had no way of knowing what components were in the
farmer's box.

So, in addition to creating more streamlined hardware and software, Mr. Niver
and his team have been applying serial numbers to their product and documenting
which components go in which box. They are also working on creating blueprints
and instructions for putting the boxes together for their reference as well as a
troubleshooting guide for farmers using their product.

Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. sells and services various sensors, such as
thermometers, to more than 100 farmers. These sensors broadcast a signal
received by a central computer that can then alert the farmer if there is a
problem. The farmer can then control his irrigation systems remotely.

When Mr. Niver bought Irrigation Automation Systems Inc., the company's product
could be found at farms only in Massachusetts. Now, the company services farms
in five states and Canada.

According to Operations Manager Jim O'Connor, the company's previous owner was
relieved when Mr. Niver approached him to purchase the firm.

"(The previous owner) had reached his limit in the first stage of the company,"
Mr. O'Connor said. "Now, he knows his company will go forward."

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Brett Niver, president of Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. in
Whitinsville, holds an IAS Advanced AutoStart control box that the company
produces for irrigation pump houses used by farmers.

PHOTOG: T&G Staff/PAUL KAPTEYN

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In April 2011, at the age of 50, Brett Niver decided to leave his day
job at EMC Corp. and start his own company to do what he loved: build things.
When he saw Irrigation Automation Systems Inc. was for sale, he leapt at the
opportunity to buy it. Mr. Niver now owns and manages the company, designs
software for his automation systems and helps assemble the boxes containing
computer components.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Banks Told to Give Subsidised Post-harvest Loans to Farmers

BYLINE: OUR BUREAU KOLKATA

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE

LENGTH: 347 words


The UPA government at the Centre has told banks to provide post-harvest loans to
farmers at a subsidised 7% rate to discourage distress foodgrain sales.The
government will also offer another 3% concession on interest rate if the loan is
repaid on time.The benefit will be available to farmers against negotiable
warehouse receipts.Senior bankers said the scheme will encourage farmers to
store their produce in warehouses.Banks have been told to kick off the scheme
immediately for farmers carrying Kisan Credit Cards and for loans up to.3
lakh.Banks have been providing post-harvest loans to farmers at about 9%
interest rate.The government will now offer a 2% interest subvention to them for
extending the subsidised post-harvest loans.This is an extension of the existing
subsidised preharvest crop loan facility,which has been in place for the last
several years.The government raised the subvention to 2% for 2011-12 from 1.5%
for the preceding fiscal.Banks have advised their regional offices and branches
to start extending the benefit to farmers.Regional rural banks and co-operative
credit bodies will also get interest subvention for extending this new facility
to farmers."This move is expected to encourage farmers to keep their produces in
warehouses,regulated by the Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority,"
said S Padmanabhan,chief general manager with National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development,or Nabard.Earlier,cold storage owners used to provide
financial assistance to farmers against farm produces stored with them.With the
new scheme in place,farmers are expected to shun the prevalent system and seek
bank loans.The government introduced negotiable warehouse receipts system in
April 2011 to help farmers gain access to bank loans and avoid distress sale of
farm produces.Negotiable warehouse receipts also allow transfer of ownership of
the commodity stored in a warehouse without having to deliver the commodity
physically.The negotiable receipts are eligible as collateral for loans under
the Warehouse (Development and Regulation) Act,2007.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           January 25, 2014 Saturday

Reflecting on a career of true grit

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1254 words


Bill Bailey looks back on a 60-year career that included a stint as a company
director during dairy industry consolidation in the province. He talks to SUE
O'DOWD .

--------------------

Retiring Taranaki dairy farmers Bill and Melva Bailey know what it's like to
scrimp and scrape to fulfil the dream of farm ownership.

The Mahoe farm the couple bought 50 years ago has been sold to their son, Neil,
and they're about to retire to New Plymouth.

Not only is Bill Bailey a self- made man keen to mentor youngsters embarking on
their farming careers, he's also respected for his contribution to dairy
industry politics.

Tom Gibson, of Kaponga, Tony Dravitzki, now of New Plymouth, and Barry Smith, of
Hawera, were Bailey's fellow directors at Kiwi Dairies, a founding company of
Fonterra. They all knew him as a young farmer in South Taranaki and praised his
extensive contribution to the dairy industry.

Gibson said Bailey, as president of Dairy Industry Employers' Association
(DIEA), was appreciated by both employers and employees. "It's most important to
have the confidence of the people on the other side of the table. Bill's
wonderful sense of humour saved the dairy industry hundreds of thousands of
dollars.

"He had the patience to sit and negotiate, and to tell the employers when they
were being unreasonable and to the tell the workers the same thing."

Dravitzki said Bailey was a successful farmer and hard- working director. "He
wasn't frightened to ask the hard questions. He was a solid director, fun to be
with and very good company."

Smith described Bailey as an honest, practical, self-made man who always did his
homework and asked searching questions to obtain the best results.

Bailey said getting rid of the national dairy workers' award was a highlight for
him because it allowed individual dairy companies to negotiate site- specific
awards and conditions.

He said he found dealing with union officials and NZ Council of Trade Union
president Ken Douglas challenging. He's still appalled that industrial action in
the 1980s led to milk spillages.

Now 75, Bailey left Hawera High School at 15 to begin farming. It was 1953 and
he helped his father, Stephen, who was sharemilking for the Guardian Trust on an
Auroa dairy farm. His wages for milking the 57-cow herd were [PndStlg]4.5s
($8.50) a week.

Bill and Melva Bailey married in June 1960. The couple bought Stephen Bailey's
cows to begin sharemilking in partnership at Auroa in the 1960-61 dairy season -
a decision that was ahead of its time because most men then were farming solely
on their own account.

The groom's work as an artificial-breeding technician helped the couple buy the
jersey herd. Their first milk cheque of [PndStlg]9 was not nearly enough to pay
a two-month grocery bill of [PndStlg]14, let alone other accounts.

"The year I changed from wages to a sharemilker was the hardest," Bill Bailey
recalled.

Focused on buying a farm of their own, the couple built their own piggery and
fed the pigs on whey they collected at the dairy factory. They sold up to 400
pigs a year to Borthwicks freezing works at Waitara. Although the pigs were
profitable, the banks wouldn't take pigs as security.

In those days Bailey delivered milk himself from the farm to the Kaupokonui
Dairy Company's Auroa factory, returning to the farm with a load of whey. . Then
there were were seven dairy factories between Pihama and Matapu.

After three years of sharemilking at Auroa, the Baileys bought their Mahoe farm
by tender for [PndStlg]13,224. Bill Bailey was 24 years old, his wife was 22 and
in three years of marriage they'd saved [PndStlg]700 from their 55 per cent
share of the milk cheque.

To finance the purchase of the farm, they received a 20-year [PndStlg]10,000
loan from the State Advances Corporation at a fixed 5 per cent interest rate.
Needing still more money, they approached a family friend who was receiving 3
per cent interest on [PndStlg]2500 in his Post Office account. He agreed to loan
it to the couple at the same interest rate and sealed the deal with a handshake.

Takeover date was July 1, 1964. Even so, they still needed [PndStlg]100 to cover
the incidentals. That amount was sitting in their small son's bank account but
they were unable to draw it out until they could show they were using it for the
little boy's benefit, so they covered the shortfall with an overdraft.

Bill Bailey believes farm ownership today is no more of an obstacle. "But some
farms are too dear," he said. "Vendors have to be realistic."

In 1964 the couple and their helpers drove their 70-cow herd 23 kilometres from
Auroa to their new and larger 114-acre (46 hectare) farm, at an altitude of 390
metres and subject to snowfalls three or four times a year.

The couple also had to move their seven sows, each with a litter of 3-week-old
piglets.

At the new farm the Baileys supplied wholemilk to the Mangatoki Co-op Dairy
Company's Mahoe factory. Back then farmers were paid for the butterfat in their
milk.

Their farm had a walk-through shed they replaced with a rotary shed in 1980 when
they stopped farming pigs. By then they'd bought the farm next door. They added
more land later to create an 86ha farm.

After retiring from day-to-day running of the Mahoe farm, the couple always
employed 50/50 sharemilkers. "Farmers must foster the sharemilking system," Bill
Bailey said. "When you're looking for labour on the farm, find someone to work
with you on the farm, not for you. It's very satisfying to watch staff progress
through the industry."

The 2012-13 season was the couple's last season of farm ownership.

Three of their sons are farming now and were sharemilkers on the couple's farms.

He said New Zealand's sharemilking system was the envy of the world and any
changes to the payment system needed to be carefully managed.

As a farmer with a young family, Bill Bailey wasn't taking any notice of
industry politics in the 1960s and 1970s. Three years after the couple moved to
Mahoe, the Mangatoki company amalgamated with the Stratford- based Taranaki
Co-op Dairy Company.

"But in those days I was only worried about the milk cheque," he said.

It was in 1979 that Bailey began his 17-year stint as a dairy company director
after being persuaded to accept nomination to the board of the Taranaki company.
Shortly after his election, the company began merger discussions with Kiwi
Dairies in Hawera. He became a member of the joint committee that put the
amalgamation together and it went ahead in 1983.

His director responsibilities meant his wife often milked the cows and cared for
their four sons alone. As a director, he soon learned the pressures facing
farmers in managing their cashflow in the off-season also applied to dairy
companies which had to pay staff and carry out factory maintenance during the
winter when there was no income.

He considers himself a grass roots farmer and remains a firm believer in
co-operative dairy company principles of a sense of belonging, providing funds,
co- operating and profit-sharing. He said it was important for directors to
declare conflicts of interest and to make decisions based firmly on their own
principles.

He was also a National Dairy Association director from 1988 to 1995, farm
supervisor for the Robert Gibson Memorial Trust at Manaia and later a trustee.
He received a Stratford District Council citizens' award in 2006.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Moving on: Fifty years after buying their dairy farm in Mahoe, Central Taranaki,
Melva and Bill Bailey are retiring to New Plymouth.

Picture: SUE O'DOWD/FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Farmer sells sun power to the locals

BYLINE: Kiki Loizou

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 477 words


AN ORGANIC FARMER in Oxfordshire is trying to persuade his local community to
take control of one of the largest solar farms in the country.

Adam Twine, who has been farming at Westmill in Watchfield, Oxfordshire, for 27
years, will offer about £4.5m of shares in the 30-acre solar project to local
investors over the next few weeks.

The £15m development houses 20,000 solar panels that produce 4.4GWh of
electricity a year - enough to power about 1,000 homes.

Twine conceived the project as a community endeavour that would be backed by
local cash.

However, financing plans for the Westmill Solar Co-operative came unstuck last
year when the government slashed subsidies for solar power.

It was kept alive by Blue Energy, a Cheshire construction company, which agreed
to fund and build the farm with the understanding that the community could take
over within a year.

"Community ownership is a new concept and this is one of the first offerings of
its kind," said Twine. "It is a chance for local people to take control."

Twine and the other members of the co-operative scheme are exploring ways of
raising the rest of the capital without seeking a bank loan.

The 51-year-old is no stranger to community ownership of renewable energy
projects.

In 2004, he gave locals the chance to own shares in the wind farm on his land.
He set up the Westmill Wind Co-operative group to construct and operate a wind
farm. The scheme financed the purchase of five turbines through a £4.6m
fundraising - and a bank subsidy. The site powers about 2,500 homes.

The Westmill Solar Co-operative is developing a share offer document with
Energy4All, an initiative set up in 2002 to help promote community-owned green
energy. It is expected that an offer of shares and bonds will be opened to the
public by the end of this month.

Meanwhile, Twine has responded to a recent letter to David Cameron in which more
than 100 MPs called for cuts to subsidies paid to the wind power industry. He
said: "The MPs who put their names to the recent petition against UK renewable
wind energy schemes are being extremely short-sighted. If we are to address the
very real problems of climate change, we must understand that we're all in this
together." ? A green electricity supplier has bought its second wind farm
development, allowing it to move nearer to its goal of producing all the power
it sells to British households.

Good Energy is to build a £5m wind farm at King Edward, Aberdeenshire. The site
will consist of two turbines generating 12,000MWh of electricity a year, enough
to power more than 2,500 homes.

The firm estimates that the project, once approved, will save 5,200 tonnes of
carbon emissions each year.

It will be the smaller of the company's wind farms. In 2009, Good Energy
invested £11.8m to redevelop Delabole in Cornwall, Britain's first commercial
wind farm, which powers 7,800 homes.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shining example: solar panels at Westmill farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Farmer sells sun power to the locals

BYLINE: Kiki Loizou

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 477 words


AN ORGANIC FARMER in Oxfordshire is trying to persuade his local community to
take control of one of the largest solar farms in the country.

Adam Twine, who has been farming at Westmill in Watchfield, Oxfordshire, for 27
years, will offer about £4.5m of shares in the 30-acre solar project to local
investors over the next few weeks.

The £15m development houses 20,000 solar panels that produce 4.4GWh of
electricity a year - enough to power about 1,000 homes.

Twine conceived the project as a community endeavour that would be backed by
local cash.

However, financing plans for the Westmill Solar Co-operative came unstuck last
year when the government slashed subsidies for solar power.

It was kept alive by Blue Energy, a Cheshire construction company, which agreed
to fund and build the farm with the understanding that the community could take
over within a year.

"Community ownership is a new concept and this is one of the first offerings of
its kind," said Twine. "It is a chance for local people to take control."

Twine and the other members of the co-operative scheme are exploring ways of
raising the rest of the capital without seeking a bank loan.

The 51-year-old is no stranger to community ownership of renewable energy
projects.

In 2004, he gave locals the chance to own shares in the wind farm on his land.
He set up the Westmill Wind Co-operative group to construct and operate a wind
farm. The scheme financed the purchase of five turbines through a £4.6m
fundraising - and a bank subsidy. The site powers about 2,500 homes.

The Westmill Solar Co-operative is developing a share offer document with
Energy4All, an initiative set up in 2002 to help promote community-owned green
energy. It is expected that an offer of shares and bonds will be opened to the
public by the end of this month.

Meanwhile, Twine has responded to a recent letter to David Cameron in which more
than 100 MPs called for cuts to subsidies paid to the wind power industry. He
said: "The MPs who put their names to the recent petition against UK renewable
wind energy schemes are being extremely short-sighted. If we are to address the
very real problems of climate change, we must understand that we're all in this
together." ? A green electricity supplier has bought its second wind farm
development, allowing it to move nearer to its goal of producing all the power
it sells to British households.

Good Energy is to build a £5m wind farm at King Edward, Aberdeenshire. The site
will consist of two turbines generating 12,000MWh of electricity a year, enough
to power more than 2,500 homes.

The firm estimates that the project, once approved, will save 5,200 tonnes of
carbon emissions each year.

It will be the smaller of the company's wind farms. In 2009, Good Energy
invested £11.8m to redevelop Delabole in Cornwall, Britain's first commercial
wind farm, which powers 7,800 homes.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shining example: solar panels at Westmill farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Farmer sells sun power to the locals

BYLINE: Kiki Loizou

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 477 words


AN ORGANIC FARMER in Oxfordshire is trying to persuade his local community to
take control of one of the largest solar farms in the country.

Adam Twine, who has been farming at Westmill in Watchfield, Oxfordshire, for 27
years, will offer about £4.5m of shares in the 30-acre solar project to local
investors over the next few weeks.

The £15m development houses 20,000 solar panels that produce 4.4GWh of
electricity a year - enough to power about 1,000 homes.

Twine conceived the project as a community endeavour that would be backed by
local cash.

However, financing plans for the Westmill Solar Co-operative came unstuck last
year when the government slashed subsidies for solar power.

It was kept alive by Blue Energy, a Cheshire construction company, which agreed
to fund and build the farm with the understanding that the community could take
over within a year.

"Community ownership is a new concept and this is one of the first offerings of
its kind," said Twine. "It is a chance for local people to take control."

Twine and the other members of the co-operative scheme are exploring ways of
raising the rest of the capital without seeking a bank loan.

The 51-year-old is no stranger to community ownership of renewable energy
projects.

In 2004, he gave locals the chance to own shares in the wind farm on his land.
He set up the Westmill Wind Co-operative group to construct and operate a wind
farm. The scheme financed the purchase of five turbines through a £4.6m
fundraising - and a bank subsidy. The site powers about 2,500 homes.

The Westmill Solar Co-operative is developing a share offer document with
Energy4All, an initiative set up in 2002 to help promote community-owned green
energy. It is expected that an offer of shares and bonds will be opened to the
public by the end of this month.

Meanwhile, Twine has responded to a recent letter to David Cameron in which more
than 100 MPs called for cuts to subsidies paid to the wind power industry. He
said: "The MPs who put their names to the recent petition against UK renewable
wind energy schemes are being extremely short-sighted. If we are to address the
very real problems of climate change, we must understand that we're all in this
together." ? A green electricity supplier has bought its second wind farm
development, allowing it to move nearer to its goal of producing all the power
it sells to British households.

Good Energy is to build a £5m wind farm at King Edward, Aberdeenshire. The site
will consist of two turbines generating 12,000MWh of electricity a year, enough
to power more than 2,500 homes.

The firm estimates that the project, once approved, will save 5,200 tonnes of
carbon emissions each year.

It will be the smaller of the company's wind farms. In 2009, Good Energy
invested £11.8m to redevelop Delabole in Cornwall, Britain's first commercial
wind farm, which powers 7,800 homes.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shining example: solar panels at Westmill farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STSscot


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Farmer sells sun power to the locals

BYLINE: Kiki Loizou

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 476 words


AN ORGANIC FARMER in Oxfordshire is trying to persuade his local community to
take control of one of the largest solar farms in the country.

Adam Twine, who has been farming at Westmill in Watchfield, Oxfordshire, for 27
years, will offer about £4.5m of shares in the 30-acre solar project to local
investors over the next few weeks.

The £15m development houses 20,000 solar panels that produce 4.4GWh of
electricity a year - enough to power about 1,000 homes.

Twine conceived the project as a community endeavour that would be backed by
local cash.

However, financing plans for the Westmill Solar Co-operative came unstuck last
year when the government slashed subsidies for solar power.

It was kept alive by Blue Energy, a Cheshire construction company, which agreed
to fund and build the farm with the understanding that the community could take
over within a year.

"Community ownership is a new concept and this is one of the first offerings of
its kind," said Twine. "It is a chance for local people to take control."

Twine and the other members of the co-operative scheme are exploring ways of
raising the rest of the capital without seeking a bank loan.

The 51-year-old is no stranger to community ownership of renewable energy
projects.

In 2004, he gave locals the chance to own shares in the wind farm on his land.
He set up the Westmill Wind Co-operative group to construct and operate a wind
farm. The scheme financed the purchase of five turbines through a £4.6m
fundraising - and a bank subsidy. The site powers about 2,500 homes.

The Westmill Solar Co-operative is developing a share offer document with
Energy4All, an initiative set up in 2002 to help promote community-owned green
energy. It is expected that an offer of shares and bonds will be opened to the
public by the end of this month.

Meanwhile, Twine has responded to a recent letter to David Cameron in which more
than 100 MPs called for cuts to subsidies paid to the wind power industry. He
said: "The MPs who put their names to the recent petition against UK renewable
wind energy schemes are being extremely short-sighted. If we are to address the
very real problems of climate change, we must understand that we're all in this
together."

A green electricity supplier has bought its second wind farm development,
allowing it to move nearer to its goal of producing all the power it sells to
British households.

Good Energy is to build a £5m wind farm at King Edward, Aberdeenshire. The site
will consist of two turbines generating 12,000MWh of electricity a year, enough
to power more than 2,500 homes.

The firm estimates that the project, once approved, will save 5,200 tonnes of
carbon emissions each year.

It will be the smaller of the company's wind farms. In 2009, Good Energy
invested £11.8m to redevelop Delabole in Cornwall, Britain's first commercial
wind farm, which powers 7,800 homes.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shining example: solar panels at Westmill farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Banks told to give subsidised post-harvest loans to farmers

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 358 words


KOLKATA: The UPA government at the Centre has told banks to provide post-harvest
loans to farmers at a subsidised 7% rate to discourage distress foodgrain sales.
The government will also offer another 3% concession on interest rate if the
loan is repaid on time.

The benefit will be available to farmers against negotiable warehouse receipts.
Senior bankers said the scheme will encourage farmers to store their produce in
warehouses. Banks have been told to kick off the scheme immediately for farmers
carrying Kisan Credit Cards and for loans up to 3 lakh.

Banks have been providing post-harvest loans to farmers at about 9% interest
rate. The government will now offer a 2% interest subvention to them for
extending the subsidised post-harvest loans. This is an extension of the
existing subsidised pre-harvest crop loan facility, which has been in place for
the last several years. The government raised the subvention to 2% for 2011-12
from 1.5% for the preceding fiscal.

Banks have advised their regional offices and branches to start extending the
benefit to farmers. Regional rural banks and cooperative credit bodies will also
get interest subvention for extending this new facility to farmers.

"This move is expected to encourage farmers to keep their produces in
warehouses, regulated by the Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority,"
said S Padmanabhan, chief general manager with National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development, or Nabard.

Earlier, cold storage owners used to provide financial assistance to farmers
against farm produces stored with them. With the new scheme in place, farmers
are expected to shun the prevalent system and seek bank loans.

The government introduced negotiable warehouse receipts system in April 2011 to
help farmers gain access to bank loans and avoid distress sale of farm produces.
Negotiable warehouse receipts also allow transfer of ownership of the commodity
stored in a warehouse without having to deliver the commodity physically. The
negotiable receipts are eligible as collateral for loans under the Warehouse
(Development and Regulation) Act, 2007.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                             June 23, 2003, Monday

Melody Farms changes hands; Dean Foods buys George family dairy

BYLINE: Michael Strong

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 595 words


Melody Farms L.L.C., a prominent dairy products company built by businessman
Michael George, was sold last week to Dallas-based Dean Foods Co. Terms were not
disclosed.

Rodney George, Melody Farms president and CEO, confirmed the sale was completed
to Dean Foods (NYSE: DF).

But he declined to comment whether the family will have a role in the company or
if changes will take place within the company.

He referred all questions to Dean Foods. Amy Barker, director of corporate
communications for Dean Foods, said she could not confirm the sale.

Ed Eberle, president of Seizert Hershey & Co. L.L.C., an investment-research
firm in Bloomfield Hills, estimated the acquisition price between $40 million
and $50 million. He said the deal probably included a mix of cash and stock
because Dean Foods ''only has $26 million in cash on its balance sheet.''

Melody Farms ranked No. 91 on Crain's list of the top 200 privately owned
companies. The company reported revenue of $117 million in 2001 and $121 million
in 2002.

Livonia-based Melody Farms is a family-owned company founded by Tom George in
1950 as Tom George & Sons Dairy Distributors. The company began by selling and
delivering milk from the Wilson Dairy to three customers, with George hoping for
$1 million in sales some day.

With time, a few name changes and three generations of Georges at the helm,
Melody Farm grew into a producer of milk, ice cream, other dairy foods, bottled
water and fruit juice. The company has some of the most recognized products in
metro Detroit, including Stroh's and Sanders ice creams.

Michael George and the George family's influence extend well beyond delivering
milk and making ice cream. They are a fixture in the Chaldean community in the
Detroit area, including helping to found the Chaldean Iraqi Association of
Michigan. Michael George is a past president of the association. Chaldeans are
Christians descended from predominantly Muslim regions of the Middle East,
primarily Iraq.

At first privately, and later through Metro-Detroit Investment Co., which began
in 1977, Michael and his older brother, Sharkey, have helped more than 700
businesses get started by providing loans or loan guarantees. In 1988, the
Georges and Metro-Detroit Investment had a loan portfolio of $40 million,
including loan guarantees. It was good business.

Most of those loans were to Chaldeans looking to open their own convenience and
grocery stores. As a provision of those loans, the stores were encouraged to buy
their milk products from Melody Farms. Additionally, the George family has been
involved with real estate, health care consulting and technology companies in
the Detroit area.

Eberle said the purchase by Dean Foods makes sense and follows a trend of
similar purchases and exclusivity agreements the company has made during the
past two years.

''They are definitely going after the milk market,'' he said. ''I think it makes
a lot of sense given that the grocery business is so competitive right now.''

He said Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. in particular, has used
volume purchasing to drive down prices that milk producers can fetch.

''If I was a supplier, and this seems to be what Dean is doing, I'd get as large
a share of a platform as you can. You put Wal-Mart in a position where they have
to buy from you. It evens out the distribution versus manufacturing playing
field.''

He added getting bigger makes it easier to get economies of scale that reduce
costs.

Michael Strong: (313) 446-6796, mstrong@crain.com


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Micheal George * Rodney George

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              545 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            January 12, 2015 Monday
                               Australian Edition

Banks want uniform debt rules

BYLINE: ANNABEL HEPWORTH

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 519  words


Australia's banking giants have backed a push for nationally consistent farm
-debt mediation amid continued political and community angst about the plight of
drought-stricken farmers.

But the Australian Bankers -Association has rejected a rural reconstruction bank
and declared that a concessional loans scheme for farmers in debt stress because
of the drought should not be made permanent.

Declaring the long-term -outlook for the sector is positive amid recent
free-trade deals, the ABA has also backed the government's register of foreign
ownership of farm land and said it would support government agricultural bonds
backed by tax concessions.

The new submission by the ABA to the agricultural competitiveness white paper
comes as farm debt has surged from about $20 billion in 2000 to about $60bn,
with a bad-debt crisis among farmers in northern NSW and west and north
Queensland who have been hit by drought.

Last month, Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce told the banks the government
could intervene if the banks did not stop throwing farmers off their land.

ANZ Bank has pledged a 12-month moratorium on repossessions of drought-struck
farms.

NSW and Victoria have farm- debt schemes that make it -compulsory for banks to
offer -mediation before they try to start taking proceedings for debt recovery
against farmers.

But in the new submission, the ABA warns the process for farm- debt mediation -
a negotiation between farmers and creditors - varies across the nation.
"Therefore, the ABA supports the implementation of a clearly articulated,
nationally consistent and mandatory approach to farm- debt mediation, modelled
on the existing NSW and Victorian schemes," the submission says.

"A national approach is the most effective way to address inconsistencies
between states and address issues where farm businesses operate in multiple
states." The government has been considering options for a more national
approach, but the issue has risen in prominence as the agricultural
competitiveness green paper proposed working with the states to do this.

National Australia Bank has also singled out farm -mediation schemes. "The
process would be improved if the varying state and -territory schemes were
replaced by a single scheme," NAB said in a recent submission to the white
paper.

But the banks are opposed to making permanent the existing concessional loans to
assist farmers, warning that it could be viewed as "a further intervention in
the -market".

"Government policies to reconstruct the agricultural sector by building
financial viability and resilience should not replicate the role of the
mainstream banking industry," the ABA says in its -submission.

Mr Joyce last year announced $100m in drought recovery concessional loans, which
came on top of the existing Farm Finance Concessional Loan Scheme.

But the Business Council of Australia has raised concerns that the scheme could
risk delaying -"adjustment" in the sector.The banks also used the submission to
fend off a push for a rural reconstruction bank, which would force creditors to
sell loans at a discount so the government could take over lending.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Copyright 2011 Vermont Law School
                      Vermont Journal of Environmental Law

                                  Winter, 2011

                      Vermont Journal of Environmental Law

                            12 Vt. J. Envtl. L. 393

LENGTH: 4055 words

ARTICLE: SMALL, SLOW, AND LOCAL: ESSAYS ON BUILDING A MORE SUSTAINABLE AND LOCAL
FOOD SYSTEM: ALTERNATIVES IN AGRICULTURAL LAND TENURE

NAME: Devon Van Noble*

BIO:



   * Devon Van Noble, Advisor to the Groundswell Center for Local Food and
Farming (Ithaca, NY), Master Environmental Law and Policy August 2010, Vermont
Law School, and B.A. May 2008, Cornell University. The author would like to note
that this essay is only a review of an idea and not a thorough study of the
tenure models discussed.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... However, the drive to create alternative ownership options has resulted in
some innovative agreements, which have allowed private equity funds, state and
municipal governments, community supported agriculture (CSA) members, land
trusts, as well as community members to share some of the rights and
responsibilities associated with agricultural land tenure, along with
traditional landowners and farmers.  ... Creating agriculturally-restricted
conservation easements and long-term ground leases involving socially-minded
landowners exposes further shades of gray between the concepts of full ownership
and short-term tenancy.  ... The control and rights derived from land tenure
that are essential to the proper stewardship of land are identified by the
FarmLASTS Project as the use, access, affordability, and security of farmland.
... Experience with the use of the alternative models described above suggests
that such approaches satisfy the farmers' needs for long-term tenure and also
help to protect the public's interest in the long-term health and productivity
of agricultural lands by distributing the burdens of ownership among other
members of the community.  ... In conclusion, it is incumbent upon agricultural
agencies, such as the USDA, Cooperative Extensions, financing institutions,
policy and lawmakers, and farmers themselves, to consider how to incorporate
these alternatives into both law and culture, since the current models of tenure
have, in some cases, proven limited to meet the multifarious needs of the United
States agricultural system today.

TEXT:
 [*393]  INTRODUCTION

   One of the primary challenges in modern United States agriculture is the lack
of availability of suitable, affordable land for aspiring young farmers. The
loss of arable lands to urbanization and environmental degradation, combined
with rising property values, has made access to suitable agricultural property
very difficult. A significant barrier to access to suitable land is the limited
forms of land tenure available to farmers. Presently, two distinct forms of land
tenure exist in the United States. One is premised upon full ownership of land
by farmers themselves; and the alternative, tenancy, often brings together
landowning individuals and farmer-operators in short-term rental arrangements.
n213 Alone, these two traditional models of land tenure can limit a community's
ability to craft individually appropriate ownership arrangements that protect
the long-term public interest in American farmland and maintain stewardship of
agro-ecosystems across the nation. However, the drive to create alternative
ownership options has resulted in some innovative agreements, which have allowed
private equity funds, state and municipal governments, community supported
agriculture (CSA) members, land trusts, as well as community members to share
some of the rights and responsibilities associated with agricultural land
tenure, along with traditional landowners and farmers. Creating
agriculturally-restricted conservation easements and long-term ground leases
involving socially-minded landowners exposes further shades of gray between the
concepts of full ownership and short-term tenancy. Utilized in combination with
traditional forms of ownership and tenancy, these new relationships between
public and private parties may serve to improve the long-term stewardship of
agricultural lands at all scales.  n214

    [*394]  I. LAND TENURE SYSTEMS

   Land tenure describes who can use what resources and land, in what ways they
can use them, and for how long.  n215 The terms of these ownership agreements
may either be strictly enforceable or loosely defined.  n216 In addition to
defining a landowner's use of property, tenure describes the rights and
responsibilities that a landowner may retain or pass on according to a lease.
n217 Property law experts use the "Bundle of Rights"  n218 approach to address
these distinct aspects of tenure arrangement in each case of property ownership.
If each right is a stick in the bundle, the assortment of sticks in the bundle
includes rights such as the right to development, the right to water and air,
the right to sell or lease, the right to occupy the land, and the right to
exclude others from the land.  n219 While a landowner may hold most of the
rights associated with a given property (known as owning the land "in fee
simple"), there are always rights retained by government, notably the right to
taxation, the ability to regulate, and the right to eminent domain.  n220 Thus,
there are generally limits to property ownership, for even as a full owner in
the United States one does not have ultimate authority and control over his or
her land. However, the limits to ownership vary significantly from case to case,
and the qualitative and quantitative differences of tenure arrangements have
important implications for farmers, agricultural communities, and the general
food-consuming public.

   The modern understanding of tenure in the United States has been passed from
Western European feudalism to the founding fathers of our nation, and into
almost all United States agricultural policy since the nation's inception.  n221
This understanding has commonly treated land ownership as an exclusive right,
and tends to assume that all rights should be held completely by the landowner,
because only those individuals with a vested, long-term interest in a parcel of
land will make it productive and care for it. This logic is embodied in statutes
like the Homestead Act of  [*395]  1862,  n222 which was intended to divulge a
massive amount of public land to private landholders in order to ensure the best
utilization and stewardship of the land.  n223 However, a few decades after the
enactment of the Homestead Act, the Roosevelt administration's 1937 report on
United States land tenancy revealed that the Dust Bowl and the Great Depression
caused landlessness and poverty for many farmers.  n224 In 1940, forty percent
of agricultural lands were being tilled by tenant farmers rather than
landowners.  n225 The federal agricultural agency at the time, the Farm Security
Administration (FSA), attributed the increasing environmental and social
problems associated with agriculture to the prevalence of absentee ownership.
n226 In response to these problems, the FSA proposed "[l]and ownership . . . as
the best way to conserve agricultural resources and promote economic democracy."
n227

   II. IMPLICATIONS OF LAND TENURE ON AGRICULTURE

   The classic belief that full ownership (as a private, exclusive right) is
essential for proper stewardship of land and a rewarding return for the farmer,
has seemingly created a boom-and-bust pattern in land tenure over United States
history. Full ownership has been prevalent for periods, as it was during 1980s
financial reform, which popularized highly-leveraged farm mortgages and capital
loans. However, the cost of ownership can become infeasible for farmers, at
which point they commonly find tenancy through one to five year leases with
landowners, or stop producing altogether.  n228 The serious limitations of this
conception of property ownership have left a situation in which Americans
presently rely on two predominant forms of land tenure: full ownership (fee
simple) by farmers and short-term lease agreements.  n229

   For farmers who can afford or access credit, financing the fee simple
purchase of land by going into debt seems sensible, because the farmer  [*396]
wants the freedom of use associated with full ownership, such as the security to
continue using his property after making investments and building a life around
his property. To many farmers in the United States, it is preferable to have the
control associated with full ownership and go into long-term debt to pay for it,
than to lease the land on a short-term basis.  n230 However, those farmers who
are just starting out or who are so small that financing is not possible are
forced to enter into short-term leases because they offer affordability.  n231
Short-term leases are not necessarily optimal because they can limit a farmer's
use of and access to the land, which does not afford the same level of
discretion in farming and business decisions as full ownership. In addition, the
term of the tenure is for such a short period that the farmer often does not
have much, if any, security in his or her investments beyond the immediate few
years. This lack of long-term security hinders farmers' ability to build equity
in their land, or their businesses.  n232 Additionally, the short time frame of
these agreements can create disincentives to protecting the environmental
integrity of the land, as the prospective returns are based in the immediate use
of the land, not the long-term conservation of its wildlife, habitat, and
resources.  n233

   The two dominant models of United States land tenure are by nature limited,
and create a web of problems for three distinct classes: for the farmer, for
rural communities, and for the general public. From a farmer's perspective, the
loss of arable lands to urbanization and environmental degradation, combined
with rising property values, has made access to suitable agricultural property
very difficult. Full ownership allows owners of previously productive lands to
sell at unrestricted market values that permit development and estate interests
to out-price those of agriculture, leading to the conversion of farmland away
from its productive use.  n234 In addition to limiting agricultural access, the
rise in prices for farmland introduces the issue of continuing affordability.
n235 The National Agricultural  [*397]  Statistics Service reported a
twenty-three percent increase in per acre value of farms nationally, between
1997 and 2002.  n236 If the prices of the nation's agricultural lands are not
kept in a range at which it is profitable to farm them, then arable land will
not be affordable for farmers, and the general public will not have access to
nutritious food grown locally by small-scale producers. Furthermore, two
commonly cited problems of short-term leases are that due to the lack of
security in lease agreements there is no opportunity for farmers to build equity
over the life of their businesses,  n237 and because of this short-term vision
there is no incentive to use the land in a way that employs conservation values
or maintains the public good that is derived from the land.  n238 In addition,
farmland conversion is often followed by the loss of many farm-related rural
businesses  n239 and, as the agriculture infrastructure that maintained the
local economy is displaced, so is the community that surrounded it.

   III. LAND TENURE OPTIONS TO PROMOTE INNOVATION AND INVESTMENT IN FARMING

   Surely, short-term tenure over land is not a preferable arrangement for
farmers or the public. However, there is a middle ground between short-term
leases and full ownership that is being ignored by the current models. It seems
that policymakers and farmers alike continue to favor the idea of full ownership
over short-term tenure because they do not see any other way to assure the
control and rights provided by long-term tenure. The control and rights derived
from land tenure that are essential to the proper stewardship of land are
identified by the FarmLASTS Project as the use, access, affordability, and
security of farmland.  n240 If an alternative arrangement is able to provide
these aspects of tenure to farmers on a long-term basis, then that arrangement
should provide for their needs just as well as full ownership. Farmers,
communities, and federal agencies all need to consider ownership alternatives,
which can maintain continued stewardship without compromising these critical
elements of long-term tenure.  n241

    [*398]  A broader vision of the bundle of rights and responsibilities
associated with agricultural land tenure incorporates a stewardship ethic, which
creates a role for both a farmer and a public institution as stewards of the
long-term interests in productive and healthy farmland.  n242 Using such a
framework as a lens, it is possible to see that there are certain rights and
responsibilities in the bundle that are appropriately divested to a farmer,
while there are other interests for which the public institution more
appropriately bears the stewardship role.  n243 Two such alternative models of
tenure are outlined below, but are not exclusive to the other possibilities that
exist.

   One option is to expand upon the current land trust model, in which a current
owner or the prospective buyer initiates a process to protect land in its
current state. Traditionally, a landowner will give a land trust the development
rights on the property, and the trust holds those rights in perpetuity. This has
two beneficial effects. The first benefit is that giving the land trust
development rights allows the land trust to protect that land from ever being
developed. The second benefit is that it keeps the property affordable because
the market value of development is removed from the property's purchase price.
The problem is that when used as a mechanism to keep farmlands affordable and
productive, these basic conservation easements are not sufficient; although they
may conserve the physical character of the land, they do not prohibit the sale
of lands based on the estate value.  n244 Although estate purchasers do not have
the intention of developing the land, the estate value of land outweighs the
agricultural value in many cases. Thus, these purchasers have the same effect on
farmland as development interests, by out-pricing farmers and thereby removing
the capacity for food production. To avoid both of these concerns and to ensure
enforcement of the conservation goals, some farms have developed
agriculturally-restricted conservation easements. In addition to transferring
the development rights to the land trust, such easements can require that: the
land be actively farmed, any home on the property be occupied by the
farmer-owner; the farmer-owner derive a specific level of income from the farm
itself;  n245 and the farmer engage in specific production  [*399]  methods,
certification processes, or conservation measures.  n246 ) However, the most
important mechanism in these arrangements is that the holder of the easement is
given a purchase option at the agriculturally-restricted market value. This
requires that if the landowner decides to sell, the trust gets the right of
first refusal on the property at such a price that it can buy the land and sell
it back to another farmer at an affordable rate.  n247

   Another tenure model that is being explored is a long-term ground lease,
n248 in which a land trust or other stewardship institution purchases the fee
simple interest in the land, and the farmer-owner buys all improvements on the
property such as the farmhouse and barn. The landholding institution can then
"lease the ground" back to the farmer based on a ninety-nine-year lease, which
prohibits absentee ownership so that the land is kept in production by a
farmer-owner and may cap the resale of the improvements by the farmer-lessee, in
order to maintain the affordability of the farm housing for another farmer.
n249 Furthermore, this type of leasehold is inheritable and renewable, so that
it provides long-term multigenerational tenure as well as the security necessary
to build equity through a farmer's long-term investments.  n250

   Experience with the use of the alternative models described above suggests
that such approaches satisfy the farmers' needs for long-term tenure  n251 and
also help to protect the public's interest in the long-term health and
productivity of agricultural lands by distributing the burdens of ownership
among other members of the community.  n252 However, in addition to creating
alternatives to traditional land tenure models, it will be necessary to look at
alternative business structures and financing mechanisms for farms. Issues of
tenure, business structure, and financing are inextricably connected in
agriculture, and the possibilities for farms can only fully be realized when
examining all of the potential options together.  [*400]  Full ownership, debt
financing, and sole proprietorships do work for some people, in some places, but
do not work for all farming communities everywhere. Thus, one balanced policy
approach would alternately utilize diversified ownership, equity financing,
n253 and innovative business structures like the limited liability corporation
(LLC)  n254 and low-profit limited liability corporation (L3C).  n255 In
conclusion, it is incumbent upon agricultural agencies, such as the USDA,
Cooperative Extensions, financing institutions, policy and lawmakers, and
farmers themselves, to consider how to incorporate these alternatives into both
law and culture, since the current models of tenure have, in some cases, proven
limited to meet the multifarious needs of the United States agricultural system
today.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawTypes of ContractsLease AgreementsGeneral OverviewReal Property
LawLandlord & TenantLease AgreementsCommercial LeasesLong Term Commercial
LeasesReal Property LawTrustsHolding Trusts

FOOTNOTES:




n213  EQUITY TRUST, INC., PRESERVING FARMS FOR FARMERS: A MANUAL FOR THOSE
WORKING TO KEEP FARMS AFFORDABLE 1-3 (2009).




n214  A similar argument can be found in many of the sources cited herein.
However, a key collection of essays surrounding precisely these ideas can be
found in: PROPERTY AND VALUES: ALTERNATIVES TO PUBLIC AND PRIVATE OWNERSHIP
(Charles Geisler & Gale Daneker eds., 2000) [hereinafter PROPERTY AND VALUES].




n215  FARMLASTS PROJECT, AGRICULTURE LAND TENURE: A CURRICULUM FOR BEGINNING
FARMERS AND FARM SEEKERS 3 (2010), available at
http://www.uvm.edu/farmlasts/FarmLASTSAgLandTenure.pdf.




n216  Id. at 13.




n217  Id.




n218  ANNETTE HIGBY ET AL., HOLDING GROUND: A GUIDE TO NORTHEAST FARMLAND TENURE
AND STEWARDSHIP 3 (Miranda Smith ed., 2004).




n219  Id.




n220  EQUITYTRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 3.




n221  FARMLASTS PROJECT, supra note 215, at 4.




n222  Homestead Act of 1862, ch. 75, 12 Stat. 392 (repealed 1976); FARMLASTS
PROJECT, supra note 215, at 5.




n223  Homestead Act of 1862, ch. 75, 12 Stat. 392 (repealed 1976).




n224  HIGBY ET AL., supra note 218, at 5-7.




n225  Id.




n226  Id.




n227  Id. at 7.




n228  See FARMLASTS PROTECT, supra note 215, at 6 (stating that land ownership
for farmers often ended when loan repayment became impossible).




n229  EQUITY TRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 1-3; see also Joseph William
Singer, Property and Social Relations, in PROPERTY AND VALUES, supra note 214,
at 3, 15 (considering the important features of property that are obscured by
the classical ownership model).




n230  FARMLASTS PROJECT, supra note 215, at 6 (stating that since 1950 the
tenure type of part-owner-operator has become "dominant," and as of 2002, sixty
percent of farms with annual sales over $ 25,000 leased some or all of their
land).




n231  EQUITY TRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 2.




n232  Id.




n233  Margaret Rosso Grossman, Leasehold Interests and the Separation of
Ownership and Control in U.S. Farmland, in PROPERTY AND VALUES, supra note 214,
at 119, 144; see also HIGBY ET AL., supra note 218, at 12 (discussing how
security of tenure is essential to good stewardship). See generally FARMLASTS
PROJECT, supra note 215, at 14 (discussing how long-term leases promote land
stewardship).




n234  EQUITY TRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 1-2.




n235  See generally FARMLASTS PROJECT, supra note 215, at 14 (discussing how any
tenure should have affordability).




n236  Id. at 6.




n237  EQUITY TRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 2-3.




n238  See generally FARMLASTS PROTECT, supra note 215, at 14 (discussing how
long-term leases promote land stewardship). See also HIGBY ET AL., supra note
218, at 12 (discussing how security of tenure is essential to good stewardship).




n239  FARMLASTS PROTECT, supra note 215, at 6 (stating that, "when 235,000 farms
failed during the U.S.'s mid-1980s farm crisis, 60,000 other rural business also
failed").




n240  Id. at 14.




n241  Singer, supra note 229, at 4-5.




n242  See id. at 8-17 (describing "The Social Relations Model" that
"reconceptualizes property as a social system composed of entitlements that
shape the contours of social relationships"); see also David M. Abromowitz, An
Essay on Community Land Trusts, in PROPERTY AND VALUES, supra note 214, at 213,
227 (discussing "limited equity ownership" with regards to community land trust
housing).




n243  Charles Geisler, Property Pluralism, in PROPERTY AND VALUES, supra note
214, at 65, 79-80; HIGBY ET AL., supra note 218, at 12-13.




n244  EQUITY TRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 4.




n245  Id.




n246  Id. at 11 (discussing the requirement of "organic" or "biodynamic"
certification processes in Live Power Community Farm's easement).




n247  Id. at 11-12.




n248  See id. at 15-18, 22-24 (providing examples of long-term ground leases at
several farms). See generally HIGBY ET AL., supra note 218, at 6 (describing the
important details of employing long-term ground leases).




n249  HIGBY ET AL., supra note 218, at 66.




n250  EQUITY TRUST, INC., supra note 213, at 16. See generally HIGBY ET AL.,
supra note 218, at 6 (describing the important details and common issues
associated with long-term ground leases).




n251  See generally KENDRA BROWN ET AL., NAT'L CTR. FOR APPROPRIATE TECH.,
FTNDTNG LAND TO FARM: SIX WAYS TO SECURE FARMLAND (2009), available at
http://attar.ncat.org/attar-pub/PDF/finding.pdf (discussing various agreements
for leasing and owning farmland).




n252  Abromowitz, supra note 242, at 227 (discussing sharing rights in "limited
equity ownership" with regard to CLT housing). See generally EQUITY TRUST, INC.,
supra note 213, at 14-18 (discussing the wider community's role of farm
ownership).




n253  CARROT PROJECT, ARE NORTHEAST SMALL FARMERS IN A FINANCING FIX? 7-9
(2008), available at
http://thecarrotproject.org/yahoo_site_admin/assets/docs/Microsoft_Word_-_NESmFa
rmsFinFixFullReport_1.17073835.pdf




n254  Annette Higby, Legal Structure of the Farm Business, in A LEGAL GUIDE TO
THE BUSINESS OF FARMING IN VERMONT 11-14 (2006), available at
http://www.uvm.edu/[#x7E]farmtran/LegalGuide.pdf.




n255  The Concept of the L3C, AMS. FOR COMMUNITY DEV., http://www.americansfor
communitydevelopment.org/concept.php (last visited Jan. 29, 2011).


                              547 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      August 11, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

WHITE FARMERS CAN'T GET BANK LOANS;
FOOD SHORTAGE FEARS SURFACE IN ZIMBABWE AS GOVERNMENT BEGINS RELOCATING BLACKS

BYLINE: Angus Shaw

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: HARARE, Zimbabwe


HARARE, Zimbabwe -- The crisis facing Zimbabwe's embattled white farmers
intensified Thursday, when banks cut off their financing and the government
began moving landless blacks to plots the farmers used to own.

The developments raised fears of food shortages. White farmers produce nearly
half the country's 2.2 million tons of corn, the staple food, and most of its
capital-intensive soy and wheat crops.

"This is seriously impacting on all operations," said Neil Wright, chief
economist at the union that represents much of the country's white farming
minority.

Zimbabwe's government has said it plans to seize more than 3,000 white-owned
farms and resettle hundreds of thousands of blacks on the land. On Thursday, the
farmers' union said some poor blacks were being taken in government vehicles to
farms targeted for seizure.

The union said 24 families were shown plots on two private farms they were told
they could settle near Gweru, 170 miles southwest of Harare, the capital. The
families left the properties, apparently to return later with their belongings.

The relocations continued a six-month siege of white farmers' property in
Zimbabwe, where the tiny white minority owns about a third of the productive
land.

In February, government-backed squatters started occupying more than 1,600 white
farms, trapping some white farmers in their homes and attacking others.

President Robert Mugabe called the occupations a legitimate protest against
unfair ownership of land, though opposition leaders said he was just trying to
boost his support among landless blacks in advance of parliamentary elections.

In the months since, the government has announced its plans to seize many of the
white farms without paying compensation. Farm owners have 90 days to pack up and
go after receiving official seizure notices.

The names of 800 of the seized farms have been published by the government, with
some having already received official seizure orders. The remaining 2,200 have
not been identified, leaving many of the country's farmers worried about
planting crops they may not be around to harvest.

On Thursday, farm leaders and bankers said farmers' loans had been cut off. Greg
Brackenridge, head of the bankers association, said banks could not give loans
without guarantees that farmers would be able to harvest crops unhindered.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 22, 1998 Friday

LENGTH: 122 words


FARGO (AP) -- The Farm Service Agency state office here has been directed to
move to Bismarck by October 2000. Scott Stofferahn, North Dakota state FSA
executive director, confirmed Wednesday that the order came from Washington in
February. But he said it's possible the move won't happen if a cost-benefit
study shows no advantage. ""If it costs $800,000 to move a bunch of people and
we're already short of money for field delivery, that's a concern,'' Stofferahn
said. ""I'm sure they'll want to evaluate that.'' The agency handles farm
payments for various programs, including the Conservation Reserve Program and
commodity loans. It also handles farm operating and farm ownership loans under
the former Farmers Home Administration.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Columns: From banning tenancy to reviving it

BYLINE: Vivian Fernandes

LENGTH: 1291  words


During the 2014 Lok Sabha election campaign, then BJP prime ministerial
candidate Narendra Modi feted Ismailbhai Rahimbhai Sheru, 63, of Rampura Vadla
village of Amirgarh taluka in Banaskantha district, for being a progressive
farmer. He had produced potatoes weighing more than 2 kg each under a contract
farming arrangement for a Canadian company. (The potatoes were rejected because
they were too large for French fries!). Sheru believes agriculture can be
profitable if done scientifically. He has initiated Unigro Alliance, a
collective of 101 small farmers holding 1-5 acres, and 19 big ones, at Varshila
village in Patan district. Joint cultivation of 430 acres pooled in so far
enables them to deploy machines, obtain discounts on inputs, spread the cost of
agronomic advice and fetch better prices for bulk supply of quality produce.

In June 2011, farmers of two mandals in East Godavari district swore an oath
before the revenue officer that they would observe a 'crop holiday.' They
declared that they would leave their farms uncultivated in the coming season as
a protest against the ban on export of rice and its movement by rail to other
states, even though more rice had been produced than the government could
procure. Prices had fallen below support prices and farmers were suffering
losses.

Ravi Chandra, who was the district's collector at the time, gave another twist
to the story. He said that farmers could afford to keep their land uncultivated
because they were themselves not cultivating it; they had other sources of
income, like aquaculture and poultry. The profitability of rice cultivation was
declining, he said. In some areas it was a losing proposition. The farms were
being let out; informal tenancies were rampant.

While shooting for a television programme last year, I realised that informal
leasing was a widespread practice in Punjab. Jugraj Singh Bansi, 35, a grower of
potatoes, rice and maize, in Madar village of Jalandhar had leased about half of
the 150 acres he cultivated at R30,000 each. Pawanjot Singh, 51, also a
Jalandhar-based potato grower, cultivated 180 acres, much of it on lease from
family members and others. Ajit Singh Mann, 54, of Nawan Shahr said he owned 10
acres and leased another 60.

Jaskarn Singh Mahal, dean of the school of agri-engineering at Punjab
Agricultural University, Ludhiana, said the rentals did not seem justified by
the returns, but leasing helped spread fixed costs and reduce the overall cost
of cultivation.

To give legal recognition to an informal practice and take the anxiety (for
owners) out of leasing, a NITI Aayog committee is drafting a model farmland
leasing law which will allow tenancies without the presumption of ownership
rights.

The 10-member committee set up last September under the chairmanship of Tajamul
Haque, former chairman of the Commission on Agricultural Costs and Prices, has
prepared the draft. The report, he says, will be submitted to the government in
about a month.

India's agriculture has swung right back from banning tenancies in the early
years of Independence to reviving them with truncated rights for improved
efficiency and productivity. The very first Constitution Amendment, in 1951,
sought-among other things-to bar courts from striking down legislation that
conferred ownership rights on tenants.

The rationale for the law is obvious. Over the years, partition of property
among heirs has resulted in too many plots that are too small to be profitable.
More than four out of five plots are of less than 5 acres. They account for 44%
of the operated area (includes cultivated land). There is also a trend of men
engaging in higher-paying non-farm activities, and women cultivating. About 13%
of the plots are cultivated by women and these cover 10% of the area.

Machines can reduce the drudgery of home-makers doubling up as cultivators.
Rising labour costs also make machines necessary but farms have to be of a
certain minimum size for their deployment.

In the enthusiasm to abolish the feudal zamindari system at Independence, Indian
laws swung the other way, prohibiting or severely restricting tenancies. In
Kerala and Jammu & Kashmir, tenancies are banned. In West Bengal, they are
restricted to share-croppers. In many states only widows, physically or mentally
impaired persons, soldiers and minors can lease out land. In some states, owners
can resume only half of the leased out land for personal cultivation. In some
others, tenants have the right of first refusal if the leased out land is sold.
In tribal areas, leasing is not permitted without official permission.

Yet, informal tenancies are rampant. According to the latest national sample
survey, Andhra Pradesh has the highest share of leased holdings (34%) followed
by Punjab (25%), Bihar (21%), Sikkim (18%), Odisha (17%), Haryana (15%), West
Bengal (14%), Tamil Nadu (14%) and Telangana (14%). In the other states, the
share is less than the national average of 10%.

Haque says the NSSO's figures underestimate the real spread of tenancies. His
2004 study in seven panchayats of Kerala's Kottayam district found that 61% of
the operated area was under informal lease, the ban notwithstanding.

Tenancy legislation, meant to protect the poor, has turned against them. Tenant
farmers cannot obtain subsidised loans or fertiliser. Owners, in fact, borrow
and re-lend at higher rates. Since land belongs to the tiller, tenancies are
oral. Cultivators cannot even get relief for calamities caused by aberrant
weather. They cannot take insurance cover either, as these are tied to loans,
for which title to land is needed.

Some states have tried to soften the rigour of tenancy laws. In 2004, Kerala
allowed self-help groups of 4-10 women to lease land up to 12.35 acres under
tripartite agreements between themselves, the owners and the local panchayats.

In Andhra Pradesh, the Deccan Development Society, a government promoted
non-profit, has been encouraging women's self-help groups to lease in land. In
2013, about 14,000 women were engaged in cultivating on about 4,000 acres in
this manner.

In 2011, the Andhra government enacted the Licensed Cultivators Act, which made
informal tenants eligible for loan eligibility cards with which they could get
bank loans, input subsidies and crop insurance. The following year, about half a
million cards were issued. But a survey conducted for the World Bank by Haque
two years later found only 15% of the card-holders had got bank loans.

A flaw, in that scheme, according to Haque, is the short duration of the
license. The cards have a validity of only one year. Banks hesitate to lend
because they have no recourse if crops fail. If the validity is longer, they can
expect repayment in good harvest years. The cards also leave a paper trail. They
are entered in the Record of Rights with the revenue department. Owners fear a
populist government could use the information at a later date to confiscate
their land.

The consolidation of holdings through leasing will improve efficiency and
productivity. If the tenures are long, and owners do not have to fear loss of
title, tenants will make investments in land. And agriculture is not uniformly
unprofitable. High-value protected agriculture can be quite paying. Haque thinks
it is the only way to retain educated rural youth in farming.

There is also the trend of 'reverse tenancy,' that is, large farmers leasing in
land from smaller ones, so they can spread fixed capital costs (on farm
equipment) over a larger area.

Haque says economic forces can be suppressed but they cannot be wished away. In
stock markets, there is a saying that the trend is your friend. The proposed
leasing law recognises the truth of that statement.

The author is editor, www.smartindianagriculture.in

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

Farmers Can Procure Post-Crop Loans at 7%

BYLINE: OUR BUREAU KOLKATA

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 353 words



HIGHLIGHT: Timely repayment to fetch 3% rebate as govt aims to discourage
distress foodgrain sales


The UPA government has told banks to provide postharvest loans to farmers at a
subsidised 7% rate to discourage distress foodgrain sales.The government will
also offer another 3% concession on interest rate if the loan is repaid on
time.The benefit will be available to farmers against negotiable warehouse
receipts.Senior bankers said the scheme will encourage farmers to store their
produce in warehouses.Banks are told to kick-off this scheme immediately for
farmers carrying Kisan Credit Cards and for loans up to.3 lakh.Till date,banks
used to provide post-harvest loans to farmers at 9% interest rate and the
government will now offer a 2% interest subvention to them for extending
subsidised post-harvest loans to farmers.This is an extension of the existing
subsidised pre-harvest crop loan facility,which is in vogue for the last several
years.The government raised the subvention to 2% for 2011-12 from 1.5% for the
preceding fiscal.Following the government missive,banks have advised their
regional offices and branches to start extending the benefit to farmers.Regional
rural banks and cooperative credit bodies will also get interest subvention for
extending this new facility to farmers."This move is expected to encourage
farmers to keep their produces in warehouses,regulated by the Warehousing
Development and Regulatory Authority (WDRA)," said S Padmanabhan,chief general
manager with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development or
Nabard.Earlier,cold storage owners used to provide financial assistance to
farmers against farm produces stored with them.With the latest scheme in
place,farmers are expected to shun the prevalent system and vie for bank loans
.The government introduced negotiable warehouse receipts system in April 2011 to
help farmers gain access to bank loans and avoid distress sale of farm
produces.Negotiable warehouse receipts also allow transfer of ownership of the
commodity stored in a warehouse without having to deliver the commodity
physically.The negotiable receipts are eligible as collateral for loans under
the Warehouse (Development and Regulation) Act,2007.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Motor Transport

                                  June 4, 2009

BYLINE: Dominic Perry

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 216 words


TIT-owned Ron Marsh in liquidation

Ron Marsh, the last firm in the Tinnelly International Transport (TIT)
portfolio, has been placed into liquidation, although confusion remains over
apparently contradictory statements from the firm's liquidator.

The Staffordshire haulage firm was bought by TIT in February 2006, with its
property at Stone House Farm in Newcastle-under-Lyme used as collateral on a
£1.9m bank loan to finance the deal.

However, Duncan Morris, administrator of TIT and liquidator of Ron Marsh, had
previously raised concerns about where the ownership of the property lay.

In his initial progress report for TIT, he said the "Stoke property" was owned
by one of the directors and not the firm.

However, in its statement of affairs, Ron Marsh is listed as owing Northern Bank
some £1.9m, with £600,000 of this able to be paid off through the sale of
property, presumed to be Stone House Farm.

MT made repeated attempts to contact Morris to clarify this apparent
discrepancy, but he did not return our calls or emails.

Ron Marsh's total deficiency is £1.9m. TIT is, however, listed as a creditor,
owed £540,000.

There is no mention of the third formerly Tinnelly-owned business, Barnes &
Tipping, in the list of creditors, although its administrators claim it is owed
£215,000 by Ron Marsh.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

House Panel Approves Ban on Farm-Loan Fee Hike

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 7 Vol. 171 No. 93

LENGTH: 785  words


President Bush's plan to raise fees on government-guaranteed farm loans

has hit a roadblock in Congress.

An amendment the House Appropriations Committee approved last week to the

agricultural appropriations bill would prohibit the Farm Service Agency, an

arm of the Department of Agriculture, from raising fees on its guaranteed

loans.

Agricultural bankers applauded the committee's action. They said farmers

struggling with energy costs can ill afford an increase in credit costs.

Rep. Tom Latham, an Iowa Republican who sponsored the amendment, agreed.

In an interview Friday he said he expected the full House to vote on the bill

this week and was optimistic that the prohibition on the fee increase would

remain.

"I think most people understand that we don't need to pile on any more

fees on farmers," he said.

The Farm Service Agency guarantees up to 95% of a loan that a bank makes

to a farmer or rancher. Historically its loan programs have been funded

through a congressional appropriation, but a proposal in the Bush

administration's fiscal 2007 budget would fund the programs with user fees

instead.

Under the President's plan, fees on farm ownership loans would be

increased by 50 basis points, to 1.5% of the loan amount. On operating lines

of credit the fee would be increased by 60 basis points, to 1.5% of the

amount, and borrowers would also have to pay a new annual maintenance fee of

75 basis points.

There is precedent for funding guaranteed-loan programs through fees. Two

years ago Congress approved a proposal to fund the Small Business

Administration's loan programs with fees instead of a congressional subsidy.

Many bankers, small-businesspeople, and lawmakers argued that the fee hike

would scare away borrowers, but in the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30 the

SBA guaranteed a record $19 billion of loans.

But bankers say that farmers' profit margins are already razor thin, and

that many could fall behind on loan payments if their fees were raised.

Dennis L. Brack, the president and chief executive officer of the $118

million-asset Bath State Bank in Indiana, said that farmers in areas hard hit

by drought or storms could be especially vulnerable. "From our standpoint,

these are customers that need some kind of assistance," said Mr. Brack, whose

bank has about $25 million in Farm Service Agency-guaranteed loans on its

books.

Through May 2 the agency had guaranteed about $1.2 billion of loans this

fiscal year, putting in on pace to guarantee about $2 billion, on a budget of

about $150 million.

Next fiscal year it is seeking to do more with less. It said in its

budget proposal that it is seeking to guarantee more than $3 billion of loans

in fiscal 2007 on a budget of $113 million, plus whatever it collects in fees.

James F. Radintz, the director of the Farm Service Agency's loan-making

division, said he was "not aware of any official reaction" to Rep. Latham's

bill. "The agency still supports the President's budget," he said.

John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's

Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said that though the Farm Service

Agency's budget proposal describes the fee increase as "modest," fees on a

typical loan could triple.

For example, he said, a farmer who wanted a $75,000 line of credit that

can be renewed each year for five years and a seven-year, $150,000 loan to

buy equipment would pay $6,190 in fees under the 2007 budget proposal, versus

$2,025 now.

"Modest does not appear to be an accurate characterization" of the

increase, Mr. Blanchfield said.

The Senate has taken no action on the Farm Service Agency proposal. The

ABA and the Independent Community Bankers of America said they are lobbying

senators to support a ban on raising fees. "We'll keep pushing it and asking

our bankers to let some key lawmakers to know how important it is," said Mark

K. Scanlan, the director of agricultural finance at the ICBA.

Some senators from Farm Belt states have expressed concern about the

impact a fee hike would have on young farmers or those hit by natural

disasters.

"The purpose of the guaranteed loan program is to facilitate the delivery

of credit to these borrowers, not drive up their costs," eight senators said

in a letter last month to Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns and two of their

colleagues: Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, the chairman of the Senate

Appropriations subcommittee on agriculture; and Sen. Herbert H. Kohl of

Wisconsin, the subcommittee's ranking Democrat.

The letter was signed by Sens. James M. Talent, R-Mo.; Tim Johnson,

D-S.D.; Charles E. Grassley, R-Iowa; Pat Roberts, R-Kan.; Byron L. Dorgan,

D-N.D.; Blanche L. Lincoln, D-Ark.; Michael D. Crapo, D-Idaho; and

Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday

Biz report for May 9

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


May 9--ON THE MOVE

--Kacie Vaughn, a real estate agent since 1995, has moved her business to Sears
Real Estate. Contact her at (970) 301-3906, kvaughn@searsrealestate.com

Elaine Bradley, an agent since 2005, also has joined Sears. Contact her at (970)
397-6626, elaineb@searsrealestate.com

Both can be reached at Sears Real Estate (970) 330-7700. Go to
www.searsrealestate.com for full agent profiles of both of them.

PORTFOLIO

--Mountain Plains Farm Credit Services has reported net income of $6.3 million
for the first quarter of 2010, which ended March 31. That compares with a net
income of $1.5 million for the first quarter of 2009.

Terry Anders, president and CEO, said the increase is primarily due to increases
in net interest income, patronage income from the association's funding bank,
and decreases in operating expenses and the provision for loan losses.

"Following a volatile 2009, we are experiencing positive results because of
aggressive steps we took last year to actively manage our loan portfolio and
decrease operating expenses. With early signs that the global recession is
easing, we are optimistic that 2010 will be a better year for the industry we
serve," Anders said in a press release.

Loans outstanding at the end of the first quarter were $1.13 billion, compared
with $1.14 billion at yearend 2009. Total assets were $1.15 billion, compared
with $1.2 billion as of Dec. 31, 2009.

A copy of the first quarter report is available at www.ifeedtheworld.com.

UPCOMING

--Mineral owners ... The Rockies Chapter of the National Association of Mineral
Owners will meet 9:30-11:30 a.m. Saturday at the Event Center in Island Grove
Regional Park. The meeting will be in Room A.

Experts in the field of mineral ownership will cover understanding leases and
deciphering check stub details, helpful Internet tools, tracking production and
payments, and dealing with surface damages, among other topics. A question and
answer session will follow the presentations.

Reservations may be made at (303) 423-4392 or by e-mail to ckoeneke@hotmail.com
Refreshments will be provided.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100509-GY-Biz-report-for-May-9-0509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2010 Greeley Tribune


                              554 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 19, 1984 Thursday

Sinclair plans   recall at White

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 269 words


Ownership of White Farm Manufacturing Canada Ltd., successor to bankrupt
 White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., has formally passed to
 Oakville, Ont., businessman W. J. Sinclair.

Mr. Sinclair bought the company with the financial backing of Borg-
 Warner Acceptance Corp. of Chicago. It had been in receivership since
 June.

He said he plans to recall about 10 workers next week as the first step
 toward resumption of the production of combine harvesters next spring.

With the closing of the deal, hundreds of White Farm employees, many of
 whom have been out of work for up to two years, will share in $500,000 in
 back wages, vacation pay and other benefits owing to them before
 receivership.

They will receive another $1-million in the spring after a new
 collective agreement is ratified.

Mr. Sinclair said there will be a gradual recall of workers over the
 next few months, first for parts production and then for combines
 production, with the first machines scheduled to roll off the line in May.

The company, which at one time had about 1,000 employees, went into
 receivership when it was unable to meet liabilities, mostly in bank loans,
 of $16.8-million.

After several months of negotiations, Borg-Warner agreed to put up
 about $7.97-million to acquire the company, with the federal and
 provincial governments guaranteeing bank loans to cover most of the $8.8-
 million shortfall.

Mr. Sinclair, who also owns White Credit Corp. of Canada, will hold all
 the shares of the combine producer and will be president of the company.

Both companies were formerly owned by bankrupt White Farm Equipment
 Corp. of Cleveland.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 996 DOCUMENTS



            The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman (Spearman, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 31, 2014

Nomination Deadline Nears for FSA

BYLINE: The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman staff

LENGTH: 351  words


U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator
Juan Garcia reminds farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers that Aug,
1, 2014, is the deadline for local FSA county committee nominations.

County committees are an important link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to local committees
share their opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.

"There's still time for eligible farmers and ranchers to get involved in this
year's county committee elections," said Garcia. "Nominate yourself or a
candidate of your choice to serve on the local county committee. I especially
encourage the nomination of beginning farmers and ranchers, as well as women and
minorities. This is your opportunity to have a say in how federal programs are
delivered in your county."

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they work closely with county executive directors and make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.

Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms tor the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due
back to the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county
committee members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2014 The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman


                              556 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            April 19, 2006 Wednesday

Farm Service Fee Proposal Alarms Lawmakers

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5 Vol. 171 No. 74

LENGTH: 777  words


Encouraged by bankers, some Farm Belt legislators are blasting the

President's plan to fund the Farm Service Agency with user fees, arguing that

it would only jack up loan costs for borrowers who can least afford it.

Rep. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., sent a letter Monday to his House colleagues

asking them to sign a letter to Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns opposing a

proposal in the Bush administration's fiscal 2007 budget to fund the Farm

Service Agency's loan programs with user fees instead of a congressional

appropriation. Eight senators signed a similar letter sent to Mr. Johanns

last week.

"If an administration user fee proposal goes through, farmers

participating in the Farm Service Agency guaranteed farm loan program could

see their costs for credit rise by three, four, or five times what they are

today," Rep. Moran wrote.

The Farm Service Agency, a division of the Department of Agriculture,

runs programs designed to help keep farm income stable, help farmers conserve

land and water resources, provide credit to new or disadvantaged farmers and

ranchers, and help farmers recover from disasters.

The program of most interest to bankers is the guaranteed loan program,

which covers up to 95% of the loss of principal on farm loans. Through April

5, the agency had guaranteed $473 million of farm ownership loans and $526

million in operating loans this fiscal year, which began Oct. 1.

Over all, the Farm Service Agency plans to guarantee about $3.4 billion

of loans next fiscal year. It is seeking a budget of $113 million to support

its lending authority, versus the $150 million it requested for this fiscal

year; it would fill the gap by increasing user fees.

Teresa Lasseter, the administrator of the Farm Service Agency, said that

all government agencies not related to defense have been asked to find ways

to trim their budgets. Her agency has proposed increasing the origination

costs on farm mortgages and operating loans from 1% to 1.5% of the loan

amount. It has also proposed adding a 75-basis-point annual continuation fee

to operating loans.

"We hesitate to increase any of our fees, but in times of tight budgets

we are looking anywhere for a place to save the taxpayers a dollar and still

provide services," she said.

The fee increase would bring the agency's loan fees in line with those

the Small Business Administration charges for guaranteeing loans, Ms.

Lasseter said. Over the protests of many borrowers, lenders, and lawmakers,

the SBA raised its fees in 2004 to replace a $100 million congressional

appropriation. The fee hike did not drive borrowers away, as many predicted;

the SBA guaranteed a record $18.9 billion in the fiscal year.

But Michael Jorgensen, the president of the $33 million-asset Nebraska

State Bank in Oshkosh, said that even though many small-business owners can

simply pass fee hikes on to the customer, farmers cannot, because the

commodities markets control how much they can get for their crops.

"A small-business owner is not going to go out and change a $5 item to

$40, but they can change to $5.25 and still be competitive," he said.

Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at the $605 million-asset First Dakota

National Bank in Yankton, S.D., called the proposal an attempt to balance the

budget on the backs of farmers who are least able to afford a fee increase.

Bankers say the increased cost of credit could drive some farmers out of

business, and they have voiced their concerns to bank trade groups and their

representatives in Congress.

Last week eight Farm Belt senators sent a joint letter to Secretary

Johanns; Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, the chairman of the Senate

Appropriations subcommittee on agriculture; and Sen. Herbert H. Kohl of

Wisconsin, the subcommittee's ranking Democrat. In the letter, the eight

senators said they are most concerned about farmers just getting started in

business, or those who have been through drought or disaster.

"The purpose of the guaranteed loan program is to facilitate the delivery

of credit to these borrowers, not drive up their costs," the letter said. It

was signed by Sens. James M. Talent, R-Mo.; Tim Johnson, D-S.D.; Charles E.

Grassley, R.-Iowa; Pat Roberts, R-Kan.; Byron L. Dorgan, D-N.D.; Blanche L.

Lincoln, D-Ark.; Michael D. Crapo, D-Idaho; and Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.

John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's

Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said bankers are urging Congress

to pass a budget amendment that would prohibit the Farm Service Agency from

raising fees.

If such an amendment does not pass, the Farm Service Agency would be able

to increase fees on its own through the rulemaking process.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Lasseter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Allied says it can get more value out of Hanover loan book

SECTION: MONEY; General

LENGTH: 335 words


Allied Farmers, the listed rural services company, is confident it can realise
more value in Hanover's loan books than the failed finance company can operating
under its moratorium.

Chief executive John Loughlin told brokers in a conference call today that
Allied has experience recouping value out of its own loan books, and that it
will have greater ability to squeeze the most from Hanover's debtors in a way
that the finance company's directors can't do under the conditions of its
moratorium.

"Some of the developments in United may not proceed" and investors probably
won't get the 90 cents return offered under the current moratorium, Loughlin
said. "We've had a great deal of success and in most cases, we've collected in
full" on the impaired property loans the company ran through the current
turmoil.

Hanover Finance's independent directors are recommending investors accept the
$400 million all-stock takeover offer from Allied, calling the proposal
"superior" to the status quo.

Last month, Hanover posted a $102 million loss and confirmed the best-case
scenario would offer debenture holders 70 cents in the dollar.

Hanover and United have $296.8 million of debentures and term deposits and total
securities of $317 million. A year ago, the same assets were valued at $516.6
million.

Allied's directors are touring the nation to drum up support amongst their own
shareholders, who need to approve the deal that would result in Hanover
investors owning more than 90 per cent of the enlarged company.

Managing director Rob Alloway said he was "pretty confident" Allied's investors
would support the option that would transform the firm into a top 50 company,
boosting its market capitalisation to more than $400 million from its current
$10.6 million.

Allied will consider keeping on board some Hanover staff, though there will be a
complete review of the business, Loughlin said.

"We have respect for the institutional knowledge that's in Hanover, and we won't
be stupid and get rid of everybody," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday

Shared ownership future for equipment

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 363 words


Farming businesses are getting together to purchase farm equipment.

With the rising cost of new, high-performance farm machinery combined with
falling commodity prices, Brigg-based Brown & Co reports a significant increase
in farm businesses looking to collaborate to buy key equipment.

Agricultural business consultant Philip Dunn said machinery sharing worked in
different ways for different farming businesses.

He added: "With farmers keeping a close eye on costs, in recent years we've seen
a steady rise in whole farm machinery joint ventures, where labour and machinery
is shared and a separate business established.

"We're seeing a significant increase in farming businesses joining forces with a
machinery sharing option to buy a single, large piece of machinery, such as a
combine harvester, which can cost in excess of £200,000.

"The main driver is to improve overall profitability. However, before embarking
on such an arrangement, it is often prudent for farmers to take independent
advice and analyse labour and benchmark machinery costs."

The catalyst to explore machinery sharing often follows a significant change to
a business, such as the retirement of a key member of staff or a neighbouring
farmer needing to replace existing key machinery.

"While informal loans of small items of machinery take place daily, if
neighbours are to invest jointly in a key piece of machinery, such as a combine,
a formal agreement is essential," he said.

Using the example of a combine harvester, the exact share of the crops to be
harvested normally determines the proportion of ownership. For example, if
farmer A harvests 1,000 acres and farmer B harvests 500 acres, then the combine
will be owned two-thirds by farmer A and one-third by farmer B. All policy
decisions must be made jointly. However, day-to-day responsibility should lie
with a nominated person.

"When it comes to the agreement itself, this should be comprehensive and
carefully constructed. It is important to take independent advice.

"The main pitfalls to machinery sharing are poor communications between parties,
failure to appreciate the bigger picture to improve overall profitability and
poorly prepared agreements."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2008 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 27, 2008 Sunday

Bringing bankruptcy home

BYLINE: Jack Kemp

LENGTH: 707 words


Bankruptcy law is wildly off-kilter in how it treats home ownership.

When I was Housing and Urban Development secretary in the administration of
President George H.W. Bush, we fought against economic pessimism every day in
the effort to spread the American dream of home ownership, particularly for
moderate- and low-income families.

Over the last 15 years, home ownership, especially among people of color, has
risen to historic levels. In just the last five years, 2.8 million families
bought their first homes. Now, the subprime mortgage crisis is threatening to
roll back this progress.

It is clear that subprime loan foreclosures are only going to get worse. How can
the government help homeowners without putting taxpayer dollars at risk or
sending the wrong signals to the housing market?

There is no single answer. Some ideas being floated are intended to bail out
Wall Street fund managers who made bad decisions on mortgage-backed securities.
Other proposals have the unintended effect of propping up investors who bought
property for speculative gain. Some notions, such as programs to educate and
counsel homeowners, are a positive but small step. But the reality is that
markets do work, and although credit markets are in distress, progress is being
made.

I applaud the White House efforts to encourage mortgage servicers to modify
existing adjustable-rate loans for a limited number of borrowers who cannot
afford interest rate resets. However, depending solely on the goodwill of an
industry that bears no small measure of responsibility in this crisis is
unlikely to be the full answer.

What is missing is a rational and urgent push to help the estimated 2.2 million
families in danger of losing their homes to foreclosure in the near future.
Congress is considering a small fix that would have more impact on these
families than any other option under consideration: temporarily allowing
bankruptcy courts to give the same relief to homeowners on principal-residence
mortgages that business people get on real estate investment loans, that farmers
get on farm loans and that individuals receive on loans for vacation homes,
cars, trucks and boats.

Bankruptcy law is wildly off-kilter in how it treats home ownership. Under
current law, courts can lower unreasonably high interest rates on secured loans,
reschedule secured loan payments to make them more affordable and adjust the
secured portion of loans down to the fair market value of the underlying
property -- all secured loans, that is, except those secured by the debtor's
home.

This gaping loophole threatens the most vulnerable with the loss of their most
valuable assets -- their homes -- and leaves untouched their largest liabilities
-- their mortgages.

In the absence of modification, many of today's loans will result in
foreclosure. When servicers are unwilling or unable to voluntarily modify
exploding, unsustainable home mortgage loans, Congress has a duty to consider
involuntary modification in bankruptcy court, where the same relief is granted
on all other secured loans.

The proposed Emergency Home Ownership and Mortgage Equity Protection Act being
considered by Congress would do just that. It is targeted at only subprime and
nontraditional mortgages and will be available for only seven years after it is
enacted in order to mitigate against the next wave of exploding interest rate
resets.

Allowing certain distressed homeowners limited bankruptcy protection provides
the greatest potential benefit with the least market disruption and it will not
cost the Treasury a dime. Moreover, a tweak to the bankruptcy code is a narrowly
targeted solution. It is estimated that more than 600,000 homeowners could use
bankruptcy protection to modify their loans and stay in their homes.

Home ownership is not about left or right, conservative or liberal, Democrat or
Republican. The House Judiciary Committee has passed a bipartisan compromise
version of the bill and the full House is expected to take it up in February.
Both the House and Senate need to pass it -- and soon.

Jack Kemp, a former secretary of Housing and Urban Development and 1996
Republican vice presidential nominee, is founder and chairman of a strategic
consulting firm in Washington.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 10, 2013 Monday

Smithfield deal may face state hurdles as Midwest laws eyed

LENGTH: 1164  words


Decades-old laws barring foreign ownership of farmland in Iowa, Missouri and at
least three other Midwest states may complicate Shuanghui International's $4.7
billion (3 billion pounds) planned purchase of U.S. pork powerhouse Smithfield
Foods .


The deal, which would be the biggest purchase in the United States by a Chinese
company, will face scrutiny from a federal government panel that assesses
national security risks, but that is not expected to block the sale.
A few politicians have raised concerns about food safety, and farmers groups
have expressed worries about consolidation and potential damage to small
farmers. The land laws could be invoked by those opposed to the deal, and at the
very least may require some complex legal manoeuvring by the companies.
The statutes in question, some first adopted during the 1970s in response to
fast-paced Japanese investment in U.S. real estate, restrict foreign businesses
or governments from owning or controlling U.S. land used for livestock or crop
production. The laws could provide Midwestern states legal recourse against the
Smithfield deal.  At least eight states - Iowa, Nebraska, Minnesota, Missouri,
North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota and Wisconsin - have laws that prohibit
foreign ownership of agricultural land. If the Shuanghui acquisition goes
through, any hog farms, crop fields, manure lagoons or other land used for
agricultural production and now owned by Smithfield in these states could invite
legal challenges.
Smithfield's 11 slaughterhouses and meat factories in the eight states likely
are exempt, legal experts said. However, some of those operations may rely on
farm, feed or waste facilities that could be subject to legal challenge.
Smithfield does not disclose specifics of its property holdings, and the company
declined to comment for this story. But a source close to the deal told Reuters
that dealmakers and lawyers were aware of the issues, and the foreign ownership
laws in different U.S. states had been discussed leading up to the May 29 deal
announcement.
They believe the laws will not jeopardize Shuanghui's ability to close its
purchase as planned in the second half of this year. However, the restrictions
could affect how Smithfield and its subsidiaries operate post-merger, the source
added.
The morning the deal was announced, Smithfield's attorneys sent a letter to Iowa
Attorney General Tom Miller's office, alerting the agency to the takeover. Since
then, in Iowa and elsewhere, state officials, legal experts and industry critics
are raising questions about whether Smithfield under Shuanghui ownership will
comply with these little-known and rarely tested laws, Reuters has learned.

In Iowa, Miller's office is seeking more information from Smithfield about the
deal, a spokesman said.
The nation's largest hog producing state and its Democrat Attorney General have
a history of opposing Smithfield's corporate transactions. The company currently
operates in Iowa under a consent decree with Miller, who had charged that a 2000
acquisition by Virginia-based Smithfield violated a state law barring livestock
production by meat packers.
The letter Smithfield sent declared that the merger will not change its current
agreements or commitments with the state - a possible reference to the consent
decree.
FIGHTS AND WORKAROUNDS
Any state that does seek to challenge the Smithfield deal could find itself
attempting to unravel a snarl of property ownership records.
"It's hard to police because you start getting layers of entities and you've got
to figure out who owns what and where they are exactly," said Anthony Schutz, an
associate professor at the University of Nebraska College of Law in Lincoln.
Smithfield's publicly available corporate records do not disclose how much
farmland Smithfield and its subsidiaries own in states with laws barring foreign
ownership.
Smithfield's Murphy-Brown of Missouri owns farmland in that state, according to
court filings and tax records. Its Murphy-Brown West division operates 150
company-owned farms in eight states: Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Oklahoma, South
Dakota, Texas, Utah and Colorado.
Three of those states have laws against foreign ownership, though a pending
change to Missouri law could ease the way for foreign owners. But even in the
states with such laws, companies have succeeded in finding ways to elude such
restrictions, say legal experts.
In Iowa, for example, entities can create a U.S. subsidiary that is more than 50
percent controlled by people who meet the residency requirements, said Roger
McEowen, director of the Iowa State University's Center for Agricultural Law and
Taxation.
TENSE HISTORY
Smithfield has proven determined in its effort to avoid restrictions on
ownership in Iowa, the state generally regarded to have among the most
restrictive farmland-ownership laws.
A battle between Miller and Smithfield grew heated over Smithfield's 2000
acquisition of Murphy Farms Inc, then one of the nation's largest hog producers.

Miller challenged the deal, citing a state law prohibiting livestock processors
from having control over hog suppliers. But Smithfield found a work-around when
Randall Stoecker, then a Murphy Farms executive, left the firm and formed a
company to buy his former employer's Iowa assets.

According to court records, Stoecker financed the deal in part using loans
provided by Smithfield.
Less than a month after the transaction, Stoecker returned to Murphy Farms to
again manage the Murphy Farms' Midwest division, though it no longer included
the Iowa operations.
Stoecker could not be reached for comment.
The Iowa legislature twice amended the law in failed efforts to thwart
Smithfield. When Attorney General Miller sued, Smithfield prevailed. At one
point, a federal court ruled that Iowa's law discriminated against interstate
commerce and engaged in economic protectionism that harmed out-of-state
companies.
Miller launched an unsuccessful appeal of that federal decision. Ultimately,
Miller signed a 2005 consent decree with Smithfield that prevented the state
from enforcing the law for 10 years. In exchange, Smithfield agreed to
provisions designed to protect Iowa hog farmers.
The decree ends in 2015 - or about a year after Smithfield expects the Shuanghui
merger to be completed.
A Chinese market hungry for grains and meats has generally been embraced by the
Midwest farm economy, but subtle rifts are beginning to show between farmers who
stand to benefit from a boost in pork production after the takeover and those
who won't.
Farmers like Chris Petersen of Clear Lake, Iowa, are concerned. A hog producer
whose family has farmed in the Midwest for generations, Petersen said he was
taken aback by comments made by Chinese investors and Smithfield officials last
year at a closed-door symposium he attended. "All they could talk about was how
much pork they were going to sell and how much money they were going to make,"
Petersen said.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                August 17, 2013

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

                          1999 K Street NW, 4th Floor
                             Washington,  DC 20006
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a stockholder-owned
and publicly-traded company. The corporation is an institution of the Farm
Credit System, which is composed of the banks, associations and related
entities, and is regulated by the Farm Credit Administration. It represents
secondary market activities to provide agricultural real estate, rural housing
mortgage loans and to increase the accessibility of long-term credit at stable
interest rates. It serves America's farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners,
businesses and communities.

   The corporation's secondary market activities include purchasing eligible
loans directly from lenders; providing advances against eligible loans by
purchasing obligations secured by those loans; securitizing assets and
guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on the resulting securities
that represent interests in, or obligations secured by, pools of eligible loans;
and issuing long-term standby purchase commitments ("LTSPCs") for eligible
loans.

   It carries out its secondary market business activities through three
programs, namely, Farmer Mac I (Farm & Ranch), Farmer Mac II (USDA Guarantees),
and Rural Utilities Loans.

   Farmer Mac through its Farmer Mac I program offers long-term fixed rates to
their farm and ranch customers. It purchases or commits to purchase eligible
mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate. Farmer Mac I
Sellers also have access to the Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitment (LTSPC)
and AgVantage products. Its products include adjustable rates and variable rates
(whose pricing adjusts over time) as well as products where the rate is fixed as
long as 25 years. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding Farmer Mac I loans held
by Farmer Mac and loans that either backed Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities or
were subject to LTSPCs in the Farmer Mac I program totaled USD 9.1 billion.

   The corporation conducts Farmer Mac II program through its subsidiary Farmer
Mac II LLC. It purchases the portions of loans guaranteed by the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities backed by those USDA-guaranteed
portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities). The corporation affords lenders
ready access to competitively-priced funding. It purchases the guaranteed
portions of loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) under the programs such as Farm Service Agency (Farm Ownership and Term
Operating), Rural Development Community Facilities, and Rural Development
Business and Industry. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding USDA Guaranteed
Securities and Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities totaled USD 1.6 billion.

   Its authorized activities through its Rural Utilities line are similar to
those conducted under the Farm & Ranch line of business such as purchases of and
guarantees of securities (Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities â[#x20ac]" Rural
Utilities) backed by, and eligible rural utilities loans. As of December 31,
2012, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of rural utilities loans held
and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities was USD 2.3 billion.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013


                              562 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Crafar buyer confirmed as new Queenstown Hilton owner

LENGTH: 635  words

DATELINE: Wellington


NZX Limited has issued following press release:

Hilton Queenstown's new owner is the Chinese billionaire behind the
controversial Crafar Farms sale.

News reports in May said the hotel had been sold to Chinese interests but the
identity of the new owner has not been made public until now.

Jiang Zhaobai, of Shanghai Pengxin Group, will fly to Queenstown from Auckland
today with a 50-strong entourage known as the Shanghai Entrepreneurial Group.

He will be honoured at a cocktail function at the Hilton this evening, attended
by various notables including Queenstown Lakes Mayor Vanessa van Uden.

The group will stay in Queenstown for two days before flying to Auckland - which
might coincide with Chinese President Xi Jinping's trip to New Zealand's biggest
city.

Hilton Queenstown's purchase adds to a growing list of New Zealand holdings for
the Chinese company.

Shanghai Pengxin was behind the high-profile purchases of the Crafar dairy farms
in the central North Island and just before the election the company announced
it had bought Lochinver Station.

The company is also the majority owner of Canterbury dairy farm-owning company
Synlait Farms.

Hilton Queenstown general manager Chris Ehmann told the Otago Daily Times the
hotel ownership changed hands on May 1.
Gallery
The Hilton's Queenstown hotels

" media-id="7747401" />

Asked what the owner's plans were, he said: "From Hilton's perspective it's
really just a change of ownership.

"We're obviously really excited to have that relationship now with them - it's
the first of the Hilton hotel brands that we've had working with them.

"We're looking forward to developing that relationship further and if and when
they take on more hotels we would, of course, be interested to continue our
relationship and growing it with them."

Ehmann was not aware of Jiang's plans while in Queenstown.

The Kawarau Hotel - one of two hotels in the Hilton Queenstown complex, the
other being Hilton Queenstown Resort & Spa - last week rebranded as DoubleTree
by Hilton Queenstown.

Hilton Worldwide said that would help drive further international awareness of
Queenstown.

Ehmann said the rebranding required more investment: "It's something we've
always planned to do but it's become possible now with the new owners."

The Hilton Queenstown hotels at the Kawarau Falls Station site were the
brainchild of Auckland developer Nigel McKenna.

Two of McKenna's companies involved in the development collapsed in 2009 over
loans from Bank of Scotland International of about $117 million.

A year later another of the former rich-lister's companies involved at the
Kawarau Falls site went under.

Hong Kong-based hedge fund Pacific Alliance Group took control of the hotels in
2011 but sold to Shanghai Pengxin in May for an undisclosed sum.

The ODT asked the Overseas Investment Office if the Queenstown Hilton sale
needed its approval but spokesman Chas Te Runa said it could not provide an
answer by publication deadline.

Jiang Zhaobai

Jiang Zhaobai is 91st on Forbes' China rich list, with an estimated net worth of
US$1.7 billion ($2.1 billion). According to the magazine, Shanghai-based Jiang
is a self-made billionaire whose Shanghai Pengxin Group has made its money
mainly through real estate. Jiang's companies are making huge strides into
farming. In April, companies controlled by Jiang spent nearly US$820 million to
become the majority shareholders of pig breeder Hunan Dakang Pasture Farming,
Forbes reported. The website china.org.cn said Shanghai Pengxin Group was
established in 1997 and was involved in real estate development, financial
services, modern agribusiness, mining and infrastructure construction. The group
had more than 40 subsidiary companies in 2011.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please contact
emaileditorial@plusmediasolutions
.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Final Rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee
    Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate
    Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement
    Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount
    YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement
    YL; Forgiveness of Debt
    ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning
or Veteran Farmers
    Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit
    Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

    Notice and Comment
    Effective Date
    Executive Order 12866 and 13563
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Environmental
    Executive Order 12372
    Executive Order 12988
    Executive Order 13132
    Executive Order 13175
    Unfunded Mandates
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    Federal Assistance Programs
    List of Subjects
    PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS
    PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING
    Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program
    Subpart G--Operating Loan Program
    PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR
    Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

DATES: Back to Top

Effective: December 31, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Background Back to Top

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee Back to Top

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate Back to Top

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct FO
regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement Back to Top

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount Back to Top

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement Back to Top

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt Back to Top

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers Back to Top

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit Back to Top

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation
Back to Top

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment Back to Top

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the Federal Register and
interested persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking
through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without
opportunity for oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter
relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule
involved matters relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final
rule without the opportunity for comments.
Effective Date Back to Top

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in the Federal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563 Back to Top

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as not
significant under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and,
therefore, OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental Back to Top

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372 Back to Top

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988 Back to Top

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs Back to Top

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 761

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture
    Banks
    Banking
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture
    Disaster assistance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION Back to Top

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

1.Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2.In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS Back to Top

3.The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4.In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5.In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6.In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING Back to Top

7.The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program Back to Top

8.Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9.Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program Back to Top

10.Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicant meets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11.Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12.In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through (f)
as paragraphs (d) through (e).
PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security Back to Top

14.Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Signed on December 16, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Govt eyes more rice import of 0.187 MMT

BYLINE: Cai U. Ordinario

LENGTH: 755  words


THE national government may import an additional 187,000 metric tons (MT) of
rice this year, according to the National Food Authority (NFA).

In the show Development in Focus on ANC aired late Thursday night, NFA
Administrator Arturo Juan disclosed that the NFA Council leans toward approving
the proposed importation soon.

Juan said this is in addition to the 183,000 MT that the country imported under
the Minimum Access Volume (MAV) this year.

"There are mechanisms by which the private sector can import and this is the
MAV, either country-specific or omnibus. For this year there is 183,000 [MT]
that have been imported under the MAV-country specific. There is an additional
187,000 MT that is soon going to be approved by the NFA Council and this is also
going to be awarded hopefully to the private sector," Juan said.

In 2015, Juan said the government is looking to import 805,000 MT of rice under
the Philippines's commitments to the World Trade Organization.

Juan noted that even if the amount of rice to be imported next year is twice the
allocation for this year, the country's aim of achieving rice self-sufficiency
remains a goal under the Aquino administration.

The NFA administrator said the rice self-sufficiency program of the government
was  "laudable" and must continue as a program of the government.

"[The] rice self-sufficiency program of the government, I think, is a very
laudable vision of the government and it should continue as an objective of the
government," Juan said.

"But having said that, we should also recognize that when we fall short on our
targets and the effect of the typhoons, there is a need to import some quantity
to fill in [sic] that gap and that is the role of the NFA," he added.

Meanwhile, Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Arsenio M. Balisacan said the
agriculture sector remains a priority of the Aquino administration.

Balisacan said the budget of all agencies, including the agriculture department,
are now more output based, removing unnecessary expenditures out of the budget.

He said that under Sen. Francis Pangilinan, who was tasked by the President to
oversee several agriculture agencies including the NFA and the National
Irrigation Administration (NIA), the government can get more projects such as
irrigation and farm-to-market road projects in the last two years of the Aquino
administration.

Balisacan noted that around P25 billion of the budget for 2015 will be allocated
for irrigation. This is on top of funds allocated to build farm-to-market roads
that will connect small farmers to the markets and the value chain.

"With the appointment now of Secretary Kiko Pangilinan, we expect that
developments in agriculture will be faster, particularly in infrastructure
development," Balisacan said.

Apart from agriculture-related infrastructure, Balisacan noted that the
government is also keen on completing the "partialization" of the Certificate of
Land Ownership Award (CLOA).

The CLOA is the certificate of land ownership that is awarded to the
beneficiaries of the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program (CARP). This means
several small farmers are covered under one CLOA and is therefore not considered
as collateral for credit.

As such, Balisacan said in his 2009 study, even with a CLOA, farmers remain at a
disadvantage when it comes to accessing credit such as bank loans.

Balisacan explained in his previous study that being a recipient of the CARP
even act as a disadvantage for farmers looking to tap credit facilities since
banks immediately consider them "risky" borrowers simply because they are poor
and may not have enough means to repay loans.

With this, Balisacan said, there is a need to complete this process of
distributing CLOAs by partializing the CLOAs into individual titles to allow
farmers access to credit and working capital.

"It would be more problematic for the agrarian economy, for the rural sector if
you don't complete that because that would leave the farming community to be
left out in the credit market," Balisacan said.

Among the country's production sectors, the agriculture, hunting, forestry, and
fishing (AHFF) sector, which represented the entire rural sector, posted the
least contribution to economic growth.

In the past two years, the sector only grew an average of 1.95 percent and
posted an average 9.05 percent share of gross domestic product (GDP).

In 2012 the AHFF posted a growth of 2.8 percent and consequently posted a share
of 9.3 percent of GDP. In 2013 growth slowed to 1.1 percent and it's share also
decreased to 8.8 percent.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 14, 1994

Collecting Overdue FmHA Loans

BYLINE: By MICHAEL V. DUNN, Administrator, Farmers Home Administration, U.S.
Department of Agriculture

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 969 words

HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Dunn recently addressed the Senate subcommittee of agricultural
credit concerning large delinquent farm loans and what FmHA is doing to resolve
the problems.  Mr. Dunn's prepared statement is excepted here as our Open Forum
report.


Million-dollar loans are no longer available from the Farmers Home
Administration.  The delinquent loans reported by The Washington Post were made
under Emergency Loan authority.

Amendments to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1980 (P.L.
96-438), gradually reduced the maximum emergency loan to $ 500,000 for any one
disaster.

This legislation also phased out the bonus annual operating and major adjustment
loans.

The Food Security Act of 1985 (P.L. 99-198) limited emergency loans to
family-size farmers and prohibited loans to farmers eligible for credit
elsewhere.  Further, direct operating and ownership loans are now limited by law
to $ 200,000; guaranteed operating loans are capped at $ 400,000; and guaranteed
ownership loans cannot exceed $ 300,000.

In all cases, the borrower must be a family-size farmer or rancher.

Before I discuss the large delinquent loans, I would like to take a minute to
share with you the Clinton Administrator's philosophy on the mission of FmHA.

FmHA is required to provide assistance to only those farmers who are unable to
obtain credit commercial sources.

Typically, our borrowers are family-sized farmers.  Many lack production
resources, such as productive land and modern buildings and equipment.  Many
also lack the personal resources, such as sufficient education and experience,
which provide the foundation for management skills critical for success.  We
view it as our mission to assist these farmers in anyway possible not just to
get credit, but to become creditworthy, successful farmers.

That is why I firmly believe that we must provide supervised credit for these
borrowers.

This involves working closely with borrowers from day one to nurture, teach and
counsel them.  This is accomplished through frequent and thorough monitoring of
the borrower's farm production and financial management to pursue strategies
that develop actions necessary to achieve the customer's planned objectives.

Thus, farmers receive technical assistance as well as individual counseling and
evaluations necessary to focus corrective measures on the specific factors that
might otherwise limit or prevent their success.

Unfortunately, in the past, FmHA has gotten away from providing supervised
credit as the Agency's focus shifted to larger, wealthier farmers.  Those days,
however, are now over.  Our state directors are aware that supervised credit is
one of the Clinton Administration's top priorities, and efforts are already
underway to provide training to employees to accomplish this goal.

During the Clinton Administration's tenure, FmHA's focus will be to provide
skillful assistance to small, limited resource farmers.  Unfortunately, there
remains at this time the unresolved backlog of large delinquent loans left over
from the past decade when large, wealthy farmers were granted emergency loans.
These were the subject of The Washington Post article.

The Washington Post article serves a very useful purpose.  It sheds light on
past policy decisions which have resulted in problems that had been festering in
the Agency for years.  These problems, which we have already discovered, demand
prompt and decisive action.

My colleagues at FmHA have been aware of and concerned about the enormity of the
outstanding debt which has been accumulated from delinquent large loans made
years ago.  Resolution of this situation was one of the first issues that I
pursued after taking the oath of office on Nov. 30th.

Today's hearing provides the opportunity to bring you up to date on our recent
activities with respect to the large delinquent loans, as well as the related
foreclosure suspensions.  In addition, we will cover steps which we are taking
to return FmHA to its traditional mission of providing supervised credit to
small and limited-resource family farmers and ranchers.

I cannot emphasize too strongly the Clinton Administration's conviction that
FmHA's mission to assist small, limited resource family farmers is paramount.

This is the central mission which President Clinton, secretary Espy., and I, as
administrator, intend to see FmHA fulfill.

I would at this time like to comment upon Secretary Espy's suspension of
foreclosures, which has been in effect since March 5, 1993.  Allow me to provide
a brief summary of the effect of the suspension on the resolution of the large
delinquent loans.

* On March 5, 1993, there were 4,833 cases in the foreclosure process.  Of this
number, the Department of Justice (DOJ) had 962 cases.

* Of the 4,833 cases in foreclosure, 240 were borrowers who owed more than $ 1
million dollars.

* In March and April of 1993, Secretary Espy mailed 3,913 letters to borrowers
in foreclosure providing them with the opportunity to request a review at the
Secretary's level to determine if their loans had been properly serviced before
being submitted for foreclosure.

* Of the 3,913 farmers who received letters, 1,090 responded with a request for
a review.

* Of the 1,090 borrowers who requested a review, 100 were borrowers who owed
FmHA over $ 1 million.

* Of the 100 borrowers who were reviewed, 34 were sent back to the states for
corrections in the servicing process.

* In California, six large loan borrowers requested a review by the secretary's
office.  The review showed that all had been properly serviced, and the state
was instructed to continue with foreclosure.

* None of the borrowers in The Washington Post article requested a review.

In summary, of the 100 large loan borrowers who requested a review, 66 were sent
back to the states to proceed on foreclosure.  Secretary Espy has indicated that
he is in the process of finalizing his personal review of FmHA's findings and
anticipates announcing the lifting of the suspension within a week.

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              566 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Farming a boon to land owners without cash to build yet

BYLINE: LEOPOLD OBI

LENGTH: 722  words


Many urban residents are interested in owning homes but might not have the cash
to build immediately.


Following the realisation that many urban residents are interested in owning
homes but might not have the cash to build immediately, some real estate firms
are  offering options that are tailor-made for such investors.Gated community
control development is one of those options.


In this model of property ownership, a land owner becomes a contracted farmer
for a given period but is free to put up a house on their piece of land when the
contract with the developer expires.
Two weeks ago Diamond Property Merchants, a real estate firm, launched the
fourth phase of Bethany City project in Kajiado County on the outskirts of
Nairobi. The 1,600-plot initiative is an agribusiness whereby property owners
buy an eighth of an acre piece of land, which comes with a greenhouse, agronomic
support, crop insurance, crop support crop management, and a ready market for
the yields.
Mr Edwin Khiranga, the firm's sales and marketing director, said that after
dealing in strategic land investment for five years, they realised it was no
longer appropriate to continue selling idle land "because those who had bought
land with us in the past were speculative buyers".
EXPENSIVE MORTGAGE
"Those who bought land four years ago were yet to develop them. Imagine a city
where 70 to 80 per cent of land is held for speculation. This means that even
large-scale developers who want to build homes and estates have no space for
construction and the few spaces available are extremely expensive -which is at
odds with real estate development, which is supposed to be an easier way to home
ownership," he explained.
In April, the firm launched the first phase of the Bethany City agribusiness
project, which sold out, and whose produce has since been harvested. The plots,
which go for Sh500,000 come with electricity and water connection and the buyer
gets a title deed.
"Basically, we sell you the eighth of an acre with the hope you'll build a home
on it in future. Once you've bought the land, you pay Sh320,000 to cater for the
agribusiness project - an 8x15-metre greenhouse, farm labour and farm inputs. As
an investor, you won't need any input apart from the payments," Mr  Khiranga
offered.
He said most people buying land around Nairobi today cannot develop it
immediately due to expensive mortgage loans. As a result, the agribusiness
ventures are coming in very handy.
He argues that since food security has become a concern for city dwellers just
like housing, land held for speculation should be turned into farmland as the
owners look  for money to develop them.  "An 8x15 metre greenhouse can hold at
least 500 tomato plants, with each plant estimated to produce 10 kilos of fruit.
We buy the tomatoes from our farmers at Sh50 per kilo; in turn, they earn
250,000 per season," he explains, adding that after three years,  the land
owners can decide whether to build on their plots or continue farming.
BUMPER HARVESTS
They produce tomatoes, capsicum, and  cucumbers, which are sold to supermarkets
in the city.
Since gated farming bring many farmers together, enabling them to benefit from
economies of scale, large-scale buyers get fresh produce directly from the
farmers, thereby eliminating middlemen.
"Basically, we do everything on behalf of the farmer. After everything is sold,
the farmer only comes to pick his cheque. From their Sh250,000 we deduct  some
to be used during the next season to cater for seeds, fertiliser, casual labour.
Therefore, we pay them Sh200, 000," he said.  "A few might get bumper harvests
while others might get poor harvests but we spread the risk so that everyone is
paid a flat rate." What happens to the rest of the land that is not occupied by
the greenhouse?
The greenhouse occupies about three quarters of the land, so what remains is too
little for any meaningful structure.
What about the legal issues surrounding land ownership?
"When you buy land from a reputable firm, it eliminates the fear that the land
might on a road reserve or have double ownership. It does due diligence,
verifying all the legal issues on your behalf, so there are no such issues," Mr
Khiranga assured.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/85/148294363208.jpg

Greenhouses in the Bethany City project. PHOTO | LEOPOLD OBI

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Nebraska Farm Banks Urged to Merge Following Third Failure This Year;
'Very Real Probability' of Others Going Under, State Regulator Says

                             April 22, 1985, Monday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: LINCOLN, Neb.


The state's banking director has advised small farm banks to merge in order to
survive, following the failure of yet another farm bank.

The Nebraska banking department closed the $2.5 million-asset State Bank of
Alexandria after the bank's owners were unable to inject enough capital to
offset farm loan losses.

This was the third Nebraska bank to be closed this year, the ninth in less than
a year, and the 10th since the Bank of Niobrara failed in July 1983. All but one
have been sold and reopened.

Alan Whitney, communications director of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.,
said the failure was due to ''unsound lending practices and poor management by
former ownership, which led to substantial losses in the loan portfolio.''

Mr. Whitney said that since an attempted merger of the failed bank was
unsuccessful and no bids were received, the FDIC was ''preparing for a quick
payout.''

Roger Beverage, state banking director, said ''apparently both the size of the
town and the bank were the main reasons no bids materialized.'' The population
of Alexandria is 255. In a recent American Banker survey, the bank ranked as the
67th smallest insured commercial bank in the nation.

Mr. Beverage said it is doubtful that the bank will be reopened. The ''very real
probability'' of other Nebraska farm bank failures should make the owners of
small banks consider seeking merger partners, he said.

The loan problems at Alexandria happened quite suddenly, according to Mr.
Beverage. Examiners had given the bank an excellent rating 18 months ago; but in
the most recent exam, it received the worst possible rating.

John Vella, head of the FDIC liquidation team at the bank, attributed the bank's
bad farm loans to the ''too lenient'' credit philosophy of former owner William
Apking of Alexandria. He sold the bank in January 1983 to James W.  McBride and
Robert Eddy, both of Aurora, Neb.

Mr. Apking declined to comment on the FDIC criticism.

Despite weeks of rumors, Roger Hirsch, attorney for the banking department, said
he is not aware that ''any sort of run'' developed at the Alexandria bank.
''There is also no evidence of criminal activity,'' he said.

On Dec. 31, the state of Nebraska had $300,000 on deposit in the Alexandria
bank; by the end of February, this had been reduced to $100,000.  Mr. Hirsch
said the department did not exert any pressure on the bank to reduce its level
of state deposits.

In bank failures at Dannebrog and Uehling, the state had $500,000 deposited in
each of the banks. Whether the state funds in excess of the $100,000 FDIC
coverage on each account can be recovered is still the subject of litigation.

The State Bank of Alexandria was owned by the Alexandria State Co., a one-bank
holding company.  On April 1, the bank had deposits of $2.4 million, assets of
$2.5 million, and outstanding loans of $1.3 million, Mr. Hirsch said. About $1.1
million of the loans were commercial or farm related.

Currently, the capital of the Alexandria bank is 2% of its assets, Mr.  Hirsch
said. Another indicator of the health of the Alexandria bank - its level of
adversely classified loans - stands at 172% of the capital and reserves, Mr.
Hirsch said.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 534 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              568 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday

Shared ownership future for equipment;
Farming businesses are getting together to purchase farm equipment.

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 352 words


With the rising cost of new, high-performance farm machinery combined with
falling commodity prices, Brigg-based Brown & Co reports a significant increase
in farm businesses looking to collaborate to buy key equipment.

Agricultural business consultant Philip Dunn said machinery sharing worked in
different ways for different farming businesses.

He added: "With farmers keeping a close eye on costs, in recent years we've seen
a steady rise in whole farm machinery joint ventures, where labour and machinery
is shared and a separate business established.

"We're seeing a significant increase in farming businesses joining forces with a
machinery sharing option to buy a single, large piece of machinery, such as a
combine harvester, which can cost in excess of £200,000.

"The main driver is to improve overall profitability. However, before embarking
on such an arrangement, it is often prudent for farmers to take independent
advice and analyse labour and benchmark machinery costs."

The catalyst to explore machinery sharing often follows a significant change to
a business, such as the retirement of a key member of staff or a neighbouring
farmer needing to replace existing key machinery.

"While informal loans of small items of machinery take place daily, if
neighbours are to invest jointly in a key piece of machinery, such as a combine,
a formal agreement is essential," he said.

Using the example of a combine harvester, the exact share of the crops to be
harvested normally determines the proportion of ownership. For example, if
farmer A harvests 1,000 acres and farmer B harvests 500 acres, then the combine
will be owned two-thirds by farmer A and one-third by farmer B. All policy
decisions must be made jointly. However, day-to-day responsibility should lie
with a nominated person.

"When it comes to the agreement itself, this should be comprehensive and
carefully constructed. It is important to take independent advice.

"The main pitfalls to machinery sharing are poor communications between parties,
failure to appreciate the bigger picture to improve overall profitability and
poorly prepared agreements."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2008 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday

Shared ownership future for equipment;
Farming businesses are getting together to purchase farm equipment.

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 352 words


With the rising cost of new, high-performance farm machinery combined with
falling commodity prices, Brigg-based Brown & Co reports a significant increase
in farm businesses looking to collaborate to buy key equipment.

Agricultural business consultant Philip Dunn said machinery sharing worked in
different ways for different farming businesses.

He added: "With farmers keeping a close eye on costs, in recent years we've seen
a steady rise in whole farm machinery joint ventures, where labour and machinery
is shared and a separate business established.

"We're seeing a significant increase in farming businesses joining forces with a
machinery sharing option to buy a single, large piece of machinery, such as a
combine harvester, which can cost in excess of £200,000.

"The main driver is to improve overall profitability. However, before embarking
on such an arrangement, it is often prudent for farmers to take independent
advice and analyse labour and benchmark machinery costs."

The catalyst to explore machinery sharing often follows a significant change to
a business, such as the retirement of a key member of staff or a neighbouring
farmer needing to replace existing key machinery.

"While informal loans of small items of machinery take place daily, if
neighbours are to invest jointly in a key piece of machinery, such as a combine,
a formal agreement is essential," he said.

Using the example of a combine harvester, the exact share of the crops to be
harvested normally determines the proportion of ownership. For example, if
farmer A harvests 1,000 acres and farmer B harvests 500 acres, then the combine
will be owned two-thirds by farmer A and one-third by farmer B. All policy
decisions must be made jointly. However, day-to-day responsibility should lie
with a nominated person.

"When it comes to the agreement itself, this should be comprehensive and
carefully constructed. It is important to take independent advice.

"The main pitfalls to machinery sharing are poor communications between parties,
failure to appreciate the bigger picture to improve overall profitability and
poorly prepared agreements."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2008 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                 April 6, 2016

Updated: ChemChina rolls out $12.7bn in senior syndication

BYLINE: Shruti Chaturvedi

SECTION: CHEMCHNA,SENIOR SYNDICATION,LEVERAGE,STATE OWNERSHIP,
SYNGENTA,ACQUISITION

LENGTH: 639  words



HIGHLIGHT: A $12.7bn jumbo loan to back China National Chemical Corp's
(ChemChina) acquisition of Syngenta has launched into senior syndication in
Asia, with the borrower seeking a large minimum commitment.


[Updated on April 6, 5:00pm Hong Kong time, to add details on margin for the
$20bn European loan]

The loan is structured as a one year bridge, said a source close to the matter.
Arranger China Citic International is looking to form an underwriting group and
has opened the deal following lengthy consultations with a mix of Chinese and
European banks. Incoming lenders must put in a minimum commitment of $1.5bn to
be part of the deal.

Market participants had earlierspeculated that the loan would find support from
large Chinese lenders, given the strategic importance of the acquisition for
Beijing. However, a senior banker at a state-owned Chinese lender said his
firm's considerations are the same as any other commercial bank.

Two bankers at separate Chinese state-owned lenders meanwhile told GlobalCapital
Asia this weekthat they are in the process of proposing the deal to their credit
committees.

French and Swiss lenders that were kept in the loop during negotiations to chalk
out terms are also interested, said sources. ChemChina's state ownership and its
experience and success in acquiring international assets, such as Italian tyre
maker Pirelli, all play to its advantage, said bankers.

State-owned ChemChina is understood to be looking for a total of $30bn via debt
and equity in Asia to backits $43bn acquisition of Swiss seed maker Syngenta,
first announced in early February. The financing is part of a $50bn package that
the Chinese firm is putting together, which includes a $20bn loan that is
syndicated in Europe.

The solid response to the $20bn acquisition loan,which depends on a dividend
stream from Syngenta for repayment, is also reassuring for lenders looking at
the Asia syndication, said the first source.

The Europe-targeted financing was conducted in two phases, with global
co-ordinator HSBC bringing in Credit Suisse, Rabobank and UniCredit as
underwriters. China Citic Bank was the fourth mandated lead arranger and
bookrunner.

Eleven more lenders joined the facility by the time syndication closed in late
March, GlobalCapital reported last week. These included a mix of European and
international banks and a small number of Asian banks.

It is understood that the borrower is offering a margin for the European
syndication that is based on the credit rating and the time elapsed before
repayment. For repayment in up to 12 months, it pays a margin of 100bp, for
12-18 months it pays 125bp, for 18-24 months it pays 200bp and for repayment in
24 months or over, the margin is set at 275bp.

For the acquirer level financing in Asia, ChemChina's leverage following the new
debtraising could be a thorn in the eye for lenders, said a second source. For
the first nine months of 2015, ChemChina reported Rmb176bn ($27bn) in sales and
Rmb201m net loss, with about Rmb150bn in reported gross debt.

Nevertheless, the first source reckoned that banks would benefit from supporting
the acquisition for ChemChina. "The target level financing went well and I think
this [Asia] one will be a great deal for all parties," he added. Pricing on the
Asia syndication is unknown at this stage.

Despite incremental earnings from the acquired business, ChemChina's overall
debt increase is likely to be significant, Jiming Zou, a senior analyst at
Moody's, toldGlobalCapital Asia on March 17. In general, the increase in debt
levels to make acquisitions will further raise financial expenses of ChemChina,
he added.

"Our view is that the increased debt leverage and execution risks associated
with this acquisition will likely outweigh the benefits of government support in
the assessment of the credit profile of ChemChina," he said.

On the other hand, ChemChina's scale as the largest pure chemical company in
China, its relatively easy access to financing and a diversified portfolio take
some of the edge off those concerns.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday

China updates good-earth thinking - warily

SECTION: REVIEW - EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 460  words


LAND reform in China is a delicate matter, not a surprise when scholars never
tire of saying that dynasties past rose and fell often over issues of land and
farmers' discontent. Last year the National People's Congress, the parliament,
codified private-property rights in a daring dismantling of a tenet of socialist
ideology. Last weekend the Communist Party central committee went a step further
in approving extended use of farmland which, since Deng Xiaoping's macroeconomic
reforms, had been leased to families for fixed periods. They would soon be
permitted to transfer land-use rights - not ownership, as land vests in the
state - and to raise bank loans against these rights. What could be more
progressive? Farmers who want to seek work in the towns instead of tilling small
plots of about an acre could 'sell' their rights to farm companies, which would
consolidate plots for commercial-scale cultivation. Farm cooperatives already
exist, the result of households pooling their lots. As for farmers who do not
wish to join the migration to the cities, they could raise money to purchase
high-yield seeds and farm machinery to improve output.

But the central government is in a bind: Too rapid urbanisation, an essential
step to full modernisation, will place strains on cities' infrastructure and
expose rural folk to the brutalities of urban job cycles. Global financial
ructions would be sure to bring disruptions to coastal cities. Also to consider
is the critical matter of maintaining the nation's food security, which could be
undermined by an unchecked urban drift and more land gone to seed.

Until the central planners can achieve close to a virtuous balance between urban
constraints and rural demands for a fair share of the prosperity, it is unlikely
China could go at full tilt to maximise the benefits of land tenure. It was
reported that the communique issued after the weekend meeting made scant
reference to the rural reform proposal, which President Hu Jintao himself had
flagged. Even an impression of private land ownership is anathema to an
influential section of the party leadership which holds dear to doctrinaire
ideas.

The China Daily has sketched what it sees as the ideal agricultural sector:
'Highly efficient farm plantations of grain, fruit and so on...dotted with big
tractors and harvesters'. It asked: 'Isn't this a long-cherished scenario of
China's agricultural modernisation?' It is. With land reform taken to its
conclusion, a commercial sector will develop alongside family-sized plots to
keep the rural population gainfully employed. It is an open question. It is more
likely the intermediate stage of smallholders and cooperatives being empowered
over land use, leading to higher production, will persist for a while.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday

Minneapolis projects coming together for Master Development

BYLINE: Mark Anderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549  words


Financing activity shifted from short-term development loans to long-term
mortgages at Master Development this winter. The northeast Minneapolis-based
builder and real estate company has been busy the last several years financing a
wave of development projects, mostly urban residential condos and adaptive
reuses of aging city industrial properties. But at the top of Dan Farley's to-do
list this winter were some deals in the permanent mortgage market. Farley,
Master's finance chief, was looking for a lender to provide a take-out financing
package for the Keg House, a 44,500-square-foot office-arts-retail building on
the Grain Belt brewery campus in northeast Minneapolis, which Master redeveloped
in 2003-04. It's 97 percent leased today.

Farley and his team selected Collateral Mortgage and its vice president, Matt
Hallberg, to arrange the package, which included a $2.55 million loan from Farm
Bureau Life Insurance of Michigan. The 10-year loan, with 25-year amortization,
was priced 155 basis points over the 10-year Treasury. "We've been seeing good
stuff on the permanent side," Farley said. "Conduits are driving prices very
low. We work with insurance companies because of the kinds of projects we do,
but their pricing has been aggressive, too. " Farley said he had also started
looking for permanent mortgages on two other Master properties - commercial
components on a pair of mixed-use projects in south Minneapolis - but the owners
switched course when some interested buyers knocked on the door. Master has now
signed purchase agreements on both properties: the 9,000 square feet of retail
space in the Fulton Lofts at Xerxes Avenue and 50th Street in south Minneapolis,
and the 9,000 square feet of retail at the Greenleaf Lofts at Franklin and
Nicollet avenues in Minneapolis. The Fulton retail spaces are all filled, the
Greenleaf space is two-thirds occupied. Farley wouldn't name the buyers or the
prices, but he said the sales should close in the first quarter. Progress has
slowed on another of Master's south Minneapolis development deals, a 24-unit
condo project at 46th Avenue and 46th Street near Minnehaha Falls, but the
project remains very much in Master's plans, Farley said. "We're raising equity
and are doing presales on that, and we'll need more of both to get a lender on
board," Farley said. Although the residential market has slowed, Farley echoed
other developers' assertions that the debt markets "are still bullish on real
estate," including residential projects that have a good story to tell. "Lenders
haven't turned off the spigot for those projects, but they're putting them
through more scrutiny. Presale requirements are back up to 50 percent now too,"
well above the levels required 18 months ago, he said. One more project that's
coming together for Master is another north Minneapolis industrial project, this
time on a 1.7-acre city-owned parcel at 1300 N. Second St. Master obtained
development rights to the site over a year ago, but the plans took a turn when
medical products company Coloplast Group announced a major expansion on a site
nearby. That added new tenant opportunities for Master and some repositioning on
the project. But Farley said final plans will be completed and a deal should
close for the site by the second quarter.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 18, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Economic Scene;
The latest move by China toward capitalism: Is it real?

BYLINE: By Peter Passell

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 831 words


KARL MARX envisioned the withering away of the state as the final stage of the
socialist revolution. But it is unlikely he had in mind today's China, where
President Jiang Zemin just broadened the definition of "public ownership" to
include publicly held private companies and announced that the vast majority of
state-owned enterprises would soon be left to the fate of the free market.

What Mr. Jiang meant is not yet clear. "Everybody's calling it 'privatization,'
which may not be the case," cautioned Robert Dernberger, director of the Center
for Chinese Studies at the University of Michigan. "All we really know is that
Jiang made it politically correct to sell shares" in all but a handful of
enterprises.

But Jeffrey Sachs, director of the Harvard Institute for International
Development, thinks he sees the writing on the wall. "They've reached the
conclusion that state ownership won't work; China is now committed to free
markets," he concluded.

China has been experimenting with its own eclectic mix of capitalism and
socialism since 1979. The first step was the liberalization of agriculture,
replacing communes with long-term land leases. That permitted peasants to keep
the proceeds from their extra production, nearly duplicating the incentives of
private enterprise while maintaining state ownership of land. And it paid off:
while farm output grew by 5 percent annually from 1978 to 1995, the portion of
the work force on farms fell to 53 percent from 72 percent.

In the second wave of near-capitalist reforms, small, community-owned industrial
enterprises were permitted to blossom, absorbing much of the labor freed by
productivity gains in agriculture. "Special economic zones" -- free markets, by
another name -- were created in southern coastal cities. And their success
induced some 90 other cities to demand partial exemption from Beijing's rules on
labor, taxes and foreign investment.

Strikingly, though, the growth of free enterprise did not come at the expense of
the socialist sector. Always viewed by the Communist leadership as its political
base, state-owned industry has been coddled with Government orders and capital.

Thus, while the portion of gross domestic product generated by the state fell to
just 34 percent in 1994, from 78 percent in 1978, both employment and output in
Government enterprises actually grew. Today (as in the early 1980's) roughly one
Chinese adult in five works for the state.

But the state sector is hardly healthy. Since the mid-1980's, managers have been
granted freedom to produce what they want and sell it for what the market will
bear -- as long as they maintained the "iron rice bowl" guarantees of employment
and minimum living standards. The catch, argues Harry Broadman, a senior
economist at the World Bank, is that enterprises rarely confronted a "hard
budget constraint."

State enterprises got to convert the fruits of their successes into wages and
bonuses, but were bailed out with loans or direct subsidies when they failed.
Indeed, the neither-fish-nor-fowl character of the state enterprises produced
much the effect that "perestroika" had in the last days of the Soviet Union:
managers routinely played the system by taking out loans they could not repay,
counting unsalable products as inventory -- or simply sold off assets to meet
expenses.

The big difference, Mr. Sachs argues, is that China could carry its state sector
because the business sector outside the state was so large and growing so
rapidly. Why, then, the latest, seemingly radical pronouncements on reform?

One possibility is that President Jiang is bluffing in hopes of getting managers
to shape up. But there are reasons to believe Beijing no longer has the room to
reverse course that it had in the 1980's.

Wing Thye Woo, an economist at the University of California at Davis, predicts
that "asset-stripping by managers will accelerate" once they discover "this is
their last chance to steal." Hence, a reversion to direct state control would
mean a serious loss of face for the leadership -- or worse, charges of
corruption.

Equally important, Mr. Dernberger of the Center for Chinese Studies suggests, a
subsidy-as-usual approach no longer represents a safe political alternative.
While it may be possible to sustain the iron rice bowl for urban industrial
workers, half-measures will not narrow the growing disparity in living standards
between the socialist north and the capitalist south.

Besides, Mr. Sachs argues, the chance of unrest once state enterprises are left
on their own has been exaggerated. He estimates that no more than 3 percent of
the work force would lose jobs in a rapid restructuring -- a modest number
compared with unemployment in the transition economies in Russia and its former
satellites.

Indeed, Mr. Broadman sees this as the moment for China's canny,
survival-oriented leaders to seize the day. "With the economy booming," he said,
"they can afford the hard decisions."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing. (Niculae Asciu)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              574 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   September 16, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. giant to swallow beef firm

BYLINE: DONALD CAMPBELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1/ FRONT

LENGTH: 742 words


Takeover bid for Alberta company causing controversy

The Wal-Mart of the mighty U.S. beef packing industry will soon be stampeding
into Canada with the purchase of Lakeside Farm Industries Ltd. of Brooks.

"We have looked at Lakeside's facilities and we are having discussions with
Lakeside," confirmed Gary Mickelson, spokesman for IBP Inc., the world's largest
beef and pork processor based in Dakota City, Neb.

The intended takeover, which is said to be awaiting government regulatory
approvals, has already sent a wave of controversy through Alberta's cattle
industry and raised questions about the province's role in brokering the deal.

Jim Pattillo, president of XL Foods Ltd. of Calgary, blasted provincially
funded, venture financing company Vencap Equities Alberta Ltd. for putting
Lakeside in the lasso of the U.S.'s largest beef packing company.

Pattillo said XL tried to buy Lakeside, which is the second largest packing
facility in Alberta after the High River plant owned by U.S.-based Cargill Inc.

But XL, Alberta's third largest beef packer, was rejected.

Vencap, which invested $ 12.75 million in the company, is a major shareholder in
Brooks company, 185 kilometres east of Calgary. The Alberta government also has
money at risk in Lakeside. In 1991, it announced $ 10 million in loans and $ 6
million in grants to support Lakeside.

Now XL is faced with the prospect of competing in Alberta against two of the
largest U.S. meat packing companies.

"What they (Vencap) have done for a few dollars is put at risk the very nature
of the cattle industry in Alberta," Pattillo said.

Alberta cattle producers and feedlot operators will see less competition for
buying their cattle if IBP takes over Lakeside, he said. IBP has the resources
to buy large numbers of cattle, slaughter them in Alberta and flood the Canadian
market, driving down prices, he explained.

"The feedlotters have got a lot to worry about here," Pattillo said.

"With a little luck we'll be okay, provided Cargill and IBP don't go at each
other's throat, which they do time and time again in the U.S."

Gary Sargent, manager of the Alberta Cattle Commission, said there could be
long-term benefits to Alberta beef from IBP coming to Canada.

"It will strengthen our position in the Canadian market and it will strengthen
our position in the North American market."

He said IBP will bring to the Alberta industry its enormous financial and
marketing resources to secure not only North American market access, but
international access.

Garnet Altwasser, Lakeside president, refused to comment on the amount of money
Lakeside owes the province in outstanding loans.

"We don't disclose that kind of information," he said, adding the firm only
qualified for $ 2.4 million of the $ 6-million grant made available by the
provincial Tories in 1991.

"There's not a deal done," Altwasser said.

"If and when there is a deal done, I would expect this plant will be expanded
and the employment levels here would increase."

Oleh Hnatiuk, vice-president of Vencap, also refused to comment about Lakeside
business details, including XL's offer to purchase or the status of outstanding
government loans.

Walter Paszkowski, Alberta agriculture minister, said late Thursday he did not
know the status of loans made to Lakeside through the Alberta Agriculture
Development Corp. He expressed no concern about IBP buying Lakeside instead of
XL.

"The beef industry in Alberta is going to continue to grow," Paszkowski said.

"It would be unfair if we, as a department, started picking winners and losers
and choosing who's going to be here in the industry."

BEEF PLANT PROFILES

Lakeside Farm Industries Ltd

Employees: 660

Ownership: Vencap Equities Alberta Ltd., Mitsubishi Canada Ltd., individual
investors.

Production: 11,000 to 12,000 head of cattle per week.

Location:

Brooks

IBP Inc.

Employees: 29,000

Ownership: Shares

traded on New York

Stock Exchange

Revenues 1993: $ 11.7 billion US

Profit: $ 90.08 million US

Beef plants: Pasco, Wash.; Boise, Idaho; Amarillo, Tex.; Emporia, Kan.; Denison,
Iowa; Finney County, Kan.; Lexington, Neb.; Luverne, Minn.; Joslin, Ill.; Dakota
City, Neb.

Pork plants: Council Bluffs, Louisa County, Perry, Storm Lake and Waterloo,
Iowa; Logansport, Ind.; Madison, Neb.

Service Centres: Los Angeles, Atlanta, Chicago, London, Tokyo and Vancouver,
Wash.

Herald Graphic


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Work, Graphic included

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Trans-Asia unit borrows P4 billion for wind farm

BYLINE: Claire-Ann Marie C. Feliciano

SECTION: Pg. S1/8

LENGTH: 357 words


A SUBSIDIARY of listed Trans-Asia Oil and Energy Development Corp. has secured a
P4.3-billion loan to partially fund its 54-megawatt (MW) wind power project on
Guimaras Island, the parent said in a disclosure yesterday.

Trans-Asia Renewable Energy Corp. yesterday signed the 15-year, P4.3- billion
project financing facility with Development Bank of the Philippines and Security
Bank Corp.

"The loan will be used to fund construction and development of the 54- MW wind
farm project in San Lorenzo, Guimaras," the disclosure read. "The wind farm is
expected to be in commercial operation within 16 months from the EPC
(engineering, procurement and construction) start date."

Company officials were not immediately available when sought for loan details.

Trans-Asia has so far disbursed P600.23 million from proceeds of its stock
rights offering in November last year - where the company raised P1.627 billion
- to fund the same project.

Based on the company's 2012 annual report, the project is estimated to cost
around P6.3 billion, 70% of which will be financed by debt and the balance by
equity.

The report also noted that construction of the wind farm will involve
installation of 27 wind turbines with installed capacity of 2 MW each.

Trans-Asia is engaged primarily in oil and gas exploration and development as
well as power generation.

Among others, it currently owns and operates a 20-MW diesel plant in La Union
through its wholly owned subsidiary CIP II Power Corp.

It also holds a 25% stake in Maibarara Geothermal, Inc. which is building a
20-MW geothermal power plant in Sto. Tomas, Batangas.

Through South Luzon Thermal Energy Corp. which is 50% owned by the company,
Trans-Asia is also building a 270-MW coal-fired power plant in Calaca, Batangas.

Trans-Asia saw net income jump by 36.3% to P474.1 million as of end- September
from P347.84 million in the same nine months last year. Revenues more than
doubled to P1.58 billion from P779.35 million, while costs and expenses more
than doubled to P849.77 billion from P274.49 billion.

Shares of the company closed at P1.45 apiece yesterday, up two centavos or 1.40%
from P1.43 each on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 15, 2013 Friday

Own farm land? Get gold loan @1%

BYLINE: Shishir Arya

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 603 words


NAGPUR: Some banks have found a smart way to meet their target of giving loans
to farmer. Agriculture loans come under the priority sector, and have to make up
at least 20% of any bank's loan book. The government chips in up to 6% as
interest in these loans, asking the borrower to pay just 1%. However, the banks
are selling such loans to urban customers, inducing then to take advantage of a
loophole in the system and get the discounted rate of interest while completing
their quota of farm loans.

This is happening in loans against gold, which many banks are actively pushing.
Such loans are also classified as priority sector loans if given to a farmer to
meet his expenses.

Here is how it works. Banks have kiosks outside their premises advertising gold
loans. As the executive approaches a prospective customer, inquiring about the
requirement of a gold loan, he subtly asks if the latter can also provide a 7/12
document of any farm land. It will help in reducing the rate of interest, he
says. The 7/12 is a proof of ownership of land provided by the revenue
department.

The 7/12 document helps the banker to book the loan as a farm loan, and also
give the customer a concessional rate. At times, the customer does not even know
it.

TOI came across such offers in Axis Bank, IDBI Bank as well as HDFC Bank.
However, the concerned official in HDFC Bank stressed at a later stage that the
concessional rate would only be available if the loan was purely used for
agriculture.

At the Civil Lines office of Axis Bank, the executive said all one needs to do
is come up with a 7/12 document. "If not in your name get one on your immediate
kin's name. May be your brother could take the loan for you to use," explained
the executive. He assured that the land can be of any size, even less than an
acre, as the loan would be proportionate to the value of gold pledged, and the
land itself is not the security.

The 7/12 document is required just to fulfil the formalities to show that the
loan is given to a farmer. Here, a loan was offered at 1% simple interest, which
means for Rs 1 lakh loan the EMI would come to just Rs 100.

The IDBI Bank has its rural branch in the Godhni suburbs. As TOI inquired about
a gold loan, even the executive here suggested a similar idea, except that he
insisted that the 7/12 document should show that the land is being cultivated.
However, the Axis Bank executive said that was not a necessity.

IDBI Bank executive director SKV Srinivasan said the bank has enough measures to
check any misuse of such products. He said such loans are strictly given for
end-use in agriculture. Random field visits are undertaken and the lending is
proportionate to the land holdings.

At Axis Bank, a senior official handling corporate communication sought time to
come up with a reply to an e-mail sent a couple of days ago. An official in the
same department at HDFC Bank denied there was any such practice.

Gold loans to farmers are given over and above the crop loan, which is pegged to
the land holdings. For loans up to Rs 3 lakh, no documents are required. This
can enable some banks to exploit the loophole, said a senior official in the
rural and credit planning department of RBI.

FARM ACT

* Termed as priority agriculture loans have to make up at least 20% of any
bank's loan book

* Gold loans to farmers are given over and above the crop loan

* Only the 7/12 extract is required to fulfil the loan formalities

* Such loans are strictly given for end-use in agriculture. Bank officials take
on surprise field visits.

* The bank lends money proportionate to the land holdings

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Sustainable farming community thrives in Adams County

BYLINE: By Lillian Reed lreed@eveningsun.com @LillianEReed on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Tucked in the hills of Franklin Township, a co-housing community hopes to expand
its mission of sustainable living and neighborly support.

Nine years after a handful of adventurous spirits began the Hundredfold Farm
co-housing community, residents have declared the sustainability structure a
success.

The 75-acre property consists of 10 occupied homes, one pre-Civil War common
house and one organic Christmas tree farm that is maintained by the people who
live there, said resident Joel Plotkin. Four lots on the farm remain undeveloped
and awaiting prospective buyers interested in the co-housing lifestyle.

The co-housing term came about from a movement that began in Denmark and
involves cooperative ownership of common property but private ownership of one's
own living space.

"What people think of communes, there was a shared living and income," Plotkin
said. "We're like a condominium as you might have it in a high-rise building. We
own our own living space and the footprint."

The community should not be considered experimental, but rather intentional,
said Plotkin's wife Gretchen, who volunteers as chairperson for the farm's
outreach committee.

"We don't say let's try this out and if it doesn't work we'll try something
else," Gretchen Plotkin said. "It's a commitment. Like many different
communities, it has a structure that is well thought out and planned out."

This community has been working to live a sustainable lifestyle through
environmentally friendly practices in an old village-style operation.

It produces more than twice as much electricity as residents are able to use
through technologies like solar panels. Wastewater is recycled through an
artificial wetland, and there is a community vegetable garden. Profits from the
Christmas tree farm have helped pay down the land purchase loan, Plotkin said.

Shared meals and frequent potluck dinners are a staple of the community, with
everyone gathering in the common house several times a month.

"Eating together helps increase not only a sense of community but a sense of
happiness," Plotkin said. "We help one another out in times of difficulty."

Still, Hundredfold is not the only local farm where sustainability is the rule
by which to live.

The Halbrendt Vinyard and Winery, located right next door to the Hundredfold
community, opened a tasting room in September featuring wines made using a
sustainable vineyard pest management program, according to the business website.

Hundredfold residents often help pick the grapes on the vineyard, said owner
Noemi Halbrendt.

The farm and winery held a joint fall festival Sept. 19 where more than 40
visitors sampled wine and were taught about ecological co-housing, grape growing
and wine production.

Some of the visitors expressed interested in learning more about the process of
joining the community, Gretchen Plotkin said.

"We had probably several interested parties who came," she said. "We're looking
forward to selling the lots and completing the community."

Plotkin hopes that by opening the farm to more visitors in the future, people
will learn that a sustainable lifestyle is easily attainable, he said.

"It's an incredibly beautiful place to be," he said. "It's a wonderful place to
live in terms of sustainability and neighborly support."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joel Plotkin looks over the front yard garden of his home at
Hundredfold Farm on Wednesday Sept. 16, 2015 in Orrtanna. Plotkin and his wife
Gretchin were some of the first residents of Hundredfold Farm, an eco-community
development located on Evergreen Way. There are ten energy-efficient homes in
the cohousing community, part of a community owners association, located near
Seven Springs Tree Farm. Many families grow their own cooking greens and
vegatables on their front lawns, and use photovoltaic and solar thermal panels
to power their electricity and heat their water.
Energy-efficient homes located at Hundredfold Farm in Orrtanna on Wednesday
Sept. 16, 2015. The homes, which are all constructed to face due south, are
powered by photovoltaic and solar thermal panels that heat water and supply
electricity.
Ann Maginnis, a resident at Hundredfold Farm since 2000, holds a chicken
Wednesday Sept. 16, 2015 while checking on the community chicken coop, where
nine free range chickens provide the sustainable community with up to two dozen
eggs a week. The community also makes use of a greenhouse, which provides
gardening in the winter and an artificial wetland for wastewater treatment for
the community.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 13, 2005 Sunday

Redistributing the land, Hugo Chavez style

BYLINE: Jens Erik Gould, SPECIAL TO THE STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 885 words


Surveying a vast and lush farm that he hopes to make his own, Pedro Antiaga says
social justice is finally being served in Venezuela.

The privately owned, 1,200-hectare Santa Isabel farm has grown sugar cane for
decades, but Antiaga says the Venezuelan government will help him use the land
to grow pumpkins, beans and squash.

Under a land redistribution campaign led by President Hugo Chavez, thousands of
rural poor like Antiaga are being granted rights to farm arable land
traditionally concentrated in the hands of wealthy landowners.

But Artiaga isn't waiting for the government to take the lead. He and other
farmers are slashing the Santa Isabel cane with machetes and laying claim to
land they say is rightfully theirs.

"We're obligated to take this land because it is state land," says Antiaga, clad
in a torn shirt dirtied by the rich soil. "Commander Chavez is with our
movement."

Venezuela's land-reform campaign has won support from the rural poor but has
sparked criticism that it could infringe on private property rights.

"In Yaracuy, there is no rule of law," says Santa Isabel owner Vicente Lecuna,
who accuses state officials of encouraging peasants to settle on his property.
He says farming co-operatives like Antiaga's have destroyed 40 per cent of his
sugar cane.

Chavez insists his government respects private property rights and contends that
the land expropriations are being carried out only for public use or for social
necessity in a country where most non-state land is owned by a small elite.

In the latest stage of what he calls the "new socialism of the 21st century,"
Chavez has called on state officials to take over private land deemed "idle" or
lacking property titles dating back to 1848. Soldiers have enforced some of the
takeovers, at times denying owners and workers access to the land.

In recent months, the government has extended its campaign to corporate-owned
land. One state government expropriated an idle tomato processing plant from
U.S.-based H.J. Heinz Co. and another seized a silo installation from Empresas
Polar, Venezuela's largest food company.

The state government paid Heinz $256,000 (U.S.) for its seized plant,
distinguishing Venezuela's reform from Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's
massive land redistribution effort, which has not reimbursed thousands of white
landowners for their seized farms.

While critics say both the Venezuelan and Zimbabwean governments are giving land
to peasants with little agricultural experience, Venezuela offers farming loans
while Zimbabwean farmers severely lack resources to develop their land.

With agriculture a small player in Venezuela's oil-dependent economy, it is
unlikely that a fall in food production would cause the kind of food shortages
and other crises it has in Zimbabwe, notes Orlando Ochoa, an economics professor
at Andres Bello Catholic University in Caracas.

Mugabe's reform also seized farms on the basis of race, targeting land owned by
white farmers, while Caracas focuses on productivity and property titles, Ochoa
says.

Critics argue that the Venezuelan expropriations are concentrating more power in
the government by giving peasants farming licences for - rather than ownership
of - the land they farm.

But Carlos Escarra, a constitutional lawyer and professor at the Central
University of Venezuela, rejects this common criticism, saying peasants actually
become property owners who lack only the right to sell their land.

Chavez says that having co-operatives like Antiaga's farming on expropriated
land will lessen Venezuela's dependence on imports by satisfying domestic
deficits in food.

And the government has launched a campaign to plant more than 200,000 hectares
of new sugar cane and cassava to produce sugar-based ethanol gasoline.

Yet Yaracuy farm owner Vladimir Rodriguez says it is ironic that the same
government has not prevented co-operatives and extortionists from destroying
more than $15 million worth of sugar cane on 33 farms in his state alone,
according to his statistics.

A state-run agrarian fund known as Fondafa also grants loans for farming
machinery to co-operatives that have taken over private property without state
permission and uprooted sugar cane crops.

In one case of extortion, local delinquents - who farm owners say posed as
landless peasants - murdered sugar cane farm owner Antonio Vieira after he
refused to pay them to not destroy his crop.

Yaracuy state secretary-general Col. Angel Yarza, who called on the government
to take over 48 ranches, denied in an interview that he had seen large
quantities of destroyed sugar cane. He assured that the state does not encourage
land invasions, but will not intervene to protect privately owned farms.

Antiaga says Yarza and other state officials are helping his group's long fight
to take land away from owners like Lecuna, who for him represent a system of
traditional land ownership that prevent the rural poor from acquiring farms or
landing sustainable jobs.

"We're human beings, too, and we have to eat," he says.

But for farm owners, seizing private property and issuing loans to poor farmers
is no solution to poverty and unemployment.

"(The co-operatives) just want credits that they won't pay back," says Lecuna.
"They're not going to produce."

Jens Erik Gould reports on politics and economics from Venezuela.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  President Hugo Chavez: "New socialism of the 21st century."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2005 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              579 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday

TIML staunch on takeover bid for farms

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 486 words


RYAN EVANS

New Plymouth ratepayers will soon own an even bigger slice of their Tasmanian
pie.

Last night, Taranaki Investment Management Ltd announced a takeover offer for
Tasman Farms Ltd which could see TIML's shareholding in the dairy farming
operation increase from about 77 per cent to 100 per cent.

Coming in the middle of the New Plymouth District Council's election campaign,
TIML and its activities are being raised with increasing regularity and this
latest move is sure to generate debate.

Formed to manage the proceeds of the council's sale of Powerco in 2004, TIML has
long been a target of criticism from those who opposed selling Powerco in the
first place.

The takeover bid was triggered when TIML agreed to buy a further 7.6 per cent of
Tasman Farms from the third largest shareholder, First Eagle Investment
Management, chief executive Mike Trousselot said.

As it has now attempted to acquire more than 5 per cent in the year, it is a
legal requirement to make an offer to all shareholders.

"We don't anticipate 100 per cent ownership, I would be surprised if we got more
than another per cent or so," Mr Trousselot said.

TIML is offering shareholders $1 a share, about 25c higher than the recent
average market value of Tasman Farm shares.

The bid comes despite this week's full year TIML result being hampered by a
$13.4m loss in value of the land and buildings owned by its dairy investment.

Yesterday Mr Trousselot was standing by the view the reduction in land and
building value was temporary and would recover in the mid-term. He said the un-
expected drop in value had not changed TIML's mind about the takeover, a plan he
said had been in the pipeline for several months.

It is TIML's second move towards greater ownership of Tasman Farms this year.

In May about $12 million was spent, half in a loan for capital works and half to
buy shares at 75c in a share issue.

Mr Trousselot said low interest in that share issue meant TIML expected a number
of minority shareholders to accept the latest offer.

"The offer also ensures those who did not participate in the recent rights issue
and any who are not satisfied with the upcoming delisting of the shares are not
disadvantaged and have a further exit option," he said.

He calculated if TIML managed to buy a further 10 per cent it would cost about
$8m and move TIML about 3 per cent closer to its strategic goal of 70 per cent
of investments in its alternative assets class.

The bad news is TIML isn't expecting any returns from the farms in the next
three to five years.

Any profits made will be ploughed back into the farms to boost their
profitability, Mr Trousselot said.

"The Tasman Farms properties had suffered from previous under- investment in
management, pasture renewal, fertiliser, animal husbandry and equipment and that
resulted in production figures well below the regional average for Tasmania," he
said.

---------------

CAPTION:

Mike Trousselot

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                          September 16, 1992 Wednesday

Elders Ltd on track to 'moderate' earnings

BYLINE: MILNE C

SECTION: HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 337 words


ELDERS Ltd, the Australian pastoral arm of Foster's Brewing Group, expects to
make a "moderate" profit this year despite the rural recession.

The improvement, after three years of losses, will enhance the prospects for the
sale or float of the Adelaide-based national rural services company.

Chairman, Keith Lawson, said yesterday: "Foster's will continue to seek a
suitable long-term ownership structure for the group." And the managing
director, Ric Mollision, said the Foster's board had given Elders responsibility
for resolving the ownership question.

"Finding the solution is in our own hands," he said.

Although Elders has retained its position as Australia's largest rural services
company, any ownership changes are likely to be affected by this week's
acquisition of Dalgety Farmers by the ANZ Banking Group - which will also be
seeking to sell the rival operation.

Mr Mollison said Elders had continued its strong recovery in the past year,
despite difficult trading conditions, and would make an operating profit in the
present half-year.

Elders had reduced its losses from $37.7 million in 1990-91 to $14.8 million in
the past year and its contribution to Foster's profit before interest and tax
had increased by 61 per cent, with a major improvement in the second half.

As further evidence of its recovery after two years of "tough decisions," no
further provisions for rural loans had been made, he said.

In the previous year, the company had made debt provisions of $134 million but
none of the latest Foster's provisions applied to Elders or Elders Rural
Finance.

Revenues fell from $3.27 billion to $2.37 billion, reflecting the reduced scale
of operations as well as lower wool and cattle production and prices and the
affects of the drought in Queensland and NSW.

Costs had been cut by a further $34 million under the restructuring program in
the past year, and the company was now operating from a substantially reduced
cost base.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              581 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 29, 2012

New FSA help for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 451  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency is working harder than ever to assist new farmers
and ranchers to succeed. FSA Executive Director John R. Whitaker recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Whitaker. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through this
challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal
credit history and less collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers
in Iowa to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two options, one that
guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the contract and one that
guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used
in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"Iowa farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds,
and all different ages," notes Whitaker "This new program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in our state and we encourage producers to visit
with us to see if they qualify and how it could fit their needs," he said. You
can find FSA loan information, disaster assistance programs and other helpful
programs at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualifyforthe Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Whitaker also
recommends that people considering a farming career should visit a new USDA
website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about USDA and FSA programs for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

Iowa FSA's support for Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
is evident in the high level of minority and new farmer participation generated
through staff outreach into the community. In 2011, 75% of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit your nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 West Lyon Herald


                              582 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                 March 29, 2015

Tanzania Awaits Chinese Bank On Wind Farm

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: Dar es Salaam


A change in loan terms at China's Exim Bank has delayed approval of a $132
million application by the government to build a new wind farm writes JOHN
SAMBO.

'The project has been delayed because of challenges in getting a concessional
loan after EximBank raised its interest rate from one percent to two percent and
lowered the loan repayment period to 20 years from 25 years' reads part of a
Ministry of Energy and Minerals statement issued last month giving some
background.

The government initially aimed to commission the wind farm in 2013 but
construction has been delayed by a lack of finance. Exim Bank is solely owned by
the Chinese government.

The project is a joint venture between state-run National Development
Corporation (NDC), state power utility TANESCO and a privately owned company,
Power Pool East Africa Limited.

The wind project will be developed in the central town of Singida and is
estimated to have a generation capacity of 50MW by 2016. Plans are to raise this
output to 300 MW in future.

The project has been on the drawing board for several years now, but lack of
adequate financing has remained the leading constraint.

According to the UNDP, based on available information, much of the wind resource
in Tanzania is located along coastlines, the highland plateau regions of the
Rift Valley, on the plains and around the Great Lakes. Currently, wind energy is
used to pump water for irrigation and to meet domestic and livestock water
needs.

Tanzania, which relies heavily on hydro-electric power, natural gas and fuel oil
for electricity generation, wants to add wind and geothermal power to its energy
mix.

Considering the high potential for wind generation, some quarters believe the
government should lay more emphasis on this sector, so that a larger portion of
the water resources used for hydro-power can be used as centres for irrigation.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                               September 11, 2012

SPYL Wants Farm Equality

BYLINE: Helvy Shaanika

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: Oshakati


The Swapo Party Youth League (SPYL) has called on government to remove the
commercial and communal land status of farmland because this disadvantages
communal farmers who cannot use their land as collateral when they request bank
loans.

During the recent SPYL press conference held in Oshakati, SPYL Secretary for
Information, Publicity and Mobilization for Oshana Region, Twiihendeni Israel,
said the communal status attached to most of the land in many regions north of
the veterinary cordon fence disadvantages many black farmers.

Among the disadvantages underlined by Israel were a lack of access to bank loans
by farmers in the north and north-eastern regions as a result of the communal
status attached to land in those areas.

According to Israel, Agribank refuses to fund communal farms and the Ministry of
Lands and Resettlement's policy is to be blamed for placing distinctions on
communal and commercial land.

"It is disturbing that the farm size in communal areas cannot be more that 20
hectares and the fact that communal land belongs to the State, when commercial
farmers are allowed to have thousands of hectares and at the same time access to
land ownership. The lands ministry should therefore create same land tenure,"
said Israel.

Israel added that Namibia can "benchmark" with other African countries such as
South Africa and Botswana where there is one land policy for the whole country.

Among other issues that the SPYL wants government to address is sanitation in
informal settlements.

Israel, who is also the SPYL district secretary for Oshakati West, said people
at the informal settlements of Uupindi, Eemwandi and Oshoopala, among others,
are still using the bush as they do not have access to toilets.

"TIPEEG sanitation programmes should be extended to urban areas. Public toilets
should be built there," emphasised Israel.

He said apart from sanitation, a number of people in those locations do not have
access to food and a number of youth and children are orphans and do not have
anyone to provide them with food.

"Some of the children in these locations go to bed hungry while some heavily
depend on handouts from neighbours," he said.

Meanwhile the SPYL Oshana Regional leadership said they support Omusati Region's
decision to revive Olufuko.

According to the youth, Olufuko is part of traditional practice, which is every
Namibian's constitutional right.

"For as long as the issues of Namunganga (Olufuko priest) are reviewed and the
age of the participants are changed to 18. The 14-year-olds are too young and
allowing them to go through Olufuko at that age is a violation of children's
rights," said Israel.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       June 16, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Kennedy Funding Financial Closes $1.41 Million Loan Secured by Mixed-Use
Property in Montana

LENGTH: 341  words


June 16 -- Kennedy Funding Financial LLC (www.kennedyfundingfinancial.com) has
closed a $1.41 million loan to American Land Development-Sidney, LLC, owner of a
22.59-acre development site along E. Holly Street in Sidney, Montana, announced
Kevin Wolfer, CEO of the Englewood Cliffs, NJ-based direct private lender. The
three-year interest-only loan will be serviced by Kennedy Funding Financial.

American Land Development-Sidney LLC is an affiliate of the King of Prussia,
PA-based American Land Development Corp. The property consists of a total of 18
lots within the Sunrise Village subdivision in Sidney, with 11 lots currently
zoned residential and the remaining seven lots for commercial use. The location
is in east central Montana, near the state's border with North Dakota, within
the oil-rich Bakken Formation and marks Kennedy Funding Financial's third loan
in that region. The site was zoned agricultural and utilized as a sugar beet
farm and had no access to city water, sewer or services when it was acquired by
American Land Development in 2013.

"The proceeds of the loan will be utilized to complete improvements to the road
frontage as required by the Montana Department of Transportation," said Wolfer.
"It is anticipated that the loan will be repaid from the sale of lots. This is
also the third loan we have completed in this Bakken region, where the oil
industry has spurred a sharp rebound in the housing market.

Previously, Kennedy Funding Financial had closed a $3.5 million loan for a
multifamily property in Watford City, ND, as well as a  $2.4 loan secured by a
96-acre industrial park in Killdeer, ND, within the Bakken Region.

"Since acquiring the property, ownership has successfully rezoned and subdivided
it, and completed all infrastructure for all 18 lots," said Wolfer. "Based on
our expertise, experience and track record, this transaction made complete sense
given the site's development potential in a resource-rich region of the country,
as well as the track record of the ownership."

Source: Kennedy Funding Financial

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       June 16, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Kennedy Funding Financial Closes $1.41 Million Loan Secured by Mixed-Use
Property in Montana

LENGTH: 341  words


June 16 -- Kennedy Funding Financial LLC (www.kennedyfundingfinancial.com) has
closed a $1.41 million loan to American Land Development-Sidney, LLC, owner of a
22.59-acre development site along E. Holly Street in Sidney, Montana, announced
Kevin Wolfer, CEO of the Englewood Cliffs, NJ-based direct private lender. The
three-year interest-only loan will be serviced by Kennedy Funding Financial.

American Land Development-Sidney LLC is an affiliate of the King of Prussia,
PA-based American Land Development Corp. The property consists of a total of 18
lots within the Sunrise Village subdivision in Sidney, with 11 lots currently
zoned residential and the remaining seven lots for commercial use. The location
is in east central Montana, near the state's border with North Dakota, within
the oil-rich Bakken Formation and marks Kennedy Funding Financial's third loan
in that region. The site was zoned agricultural and utilized as a sugar beet
farm and had no access to city water, sewer or services when it was acquired by
American Land Development in 2013.

"The proceeds of the loan will be utilized to complete improvements to the road
frontage as required by the Montana Department of Transportation," said Wolfer.
"It is anticipated that the loan will be repaid from the sale of lots. This is
also the third loan we have completed in this Bakken region, where the oil
industry has spurred a sharp rebound in the housing market.

Previously, Kennedy Funding Financial had closed a $3.5 million loan for a
multifamily property in Watford City, ND, as well as a  $2.4 loan secured by a
96-acre industrial park in Killdeer, ND, within the Bakken Region.

"Since acquiring the property, ownership has successfully rezoned and subdivided
it, and completed all infrastructure for all 18 lots," said Wolfer. "Based on
our expertise, experience and track record, this transaction made complete sense
given the site's development potential in a resource-rich region of the country,
as well as the track record of the ownership."

Source: Kennedy Funding Financial

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     June 13, 2004 Sunday Michigan Edition

Benton Harbor, one year later

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8; EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 728 words


A year ago this month, feelings of anger, frustration and exhaustion pervaded
the city of Benton Harbor.

The death of a black motorcyclist who had attempted to elude police sparked
devastating violence in the city. Twenty-one houses were burned. More than 20
people were injured during those two awful days.

A city already isolated by economic depression, a high crime rate, and a
profound shortage of decent housing seemed to have sunken into hopelessness.

These are not problems that can be solved in a year. But what a difference a
year can make.

Most recently, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has awarded
a $15.9 million grant to Benton Harbor for the construction of public housing.
The grant was a top priority of Gov. Jennifer Granholm's Task Force and of U.S.
Rep. Fred Upton, R-St. Joseph.

The HUD grant will vastly improve housing for Benton Harbor's neediest families.
The city's extremely low home ownership rate -- only about 38 percent in a
county where home-ownership is about 72 percent -- is another matter. That is
being addressed by the Cornerstone Alliance, the Council for World-Class
communities and Habitat for Humanity.

In addition to building up to 30 homes by the end of next year, the home
ownership program will provide interest-free loans for home purchase and
counseling to help buyers. The goal is to increase home ownership by 5 percent.
Funding for the project was begun with $200,000 donations from Whirlpool Corp.
and State Farm Insurance.

Harbor Town, a project aimed at turning a portion of downtown Benton Harbor into
a vibrant mixed-income residential area, actually was unveiled the winter before
last spring's violence. The Cornerstone Alliance is using a $650,000 community
development block grant as seed money for the project.

On the education front, Benton Harbor has received $580,000 in state grants for
school improvements and cultural experiences for youth.

But it's June. School is out. What now?

Benton Harbor residents ages 14 to 21 have been lining up this month to apply
for 270 jobs funded by Michigan Works, community agencies and local employers.
Besides job experience, additional training is being provided in areas of life
skills, leadership, GED preparation and other areas.

Community policing is receiving a boost from more than $550,000 raised locally,
with additional federal funds being sought.

Whirlpool is Benton Township's biggest industrial resident and a good neighbor
to Benton Harbor. Last summer, the state of Michigan transferred 29 acres of
land along the Lake Michigan shore to the city. The land had been purchased for
Benton Harbor by Whirlpool. Commercial and residential development on that strip
of prime real estate will strengthen the city's tax base.

In July, Whirlpool demonstrated in a most meaningful way that the previous
month's violence wouldn't turn the company away from the needy city. At a cost
of $2.4 million, it leased and is refurbishing a building in downtown Benton
Harbor that had been vacant for 16 years. It will be occupied by about 100
Whirlpool employees.

It takes money. It takes effort. It takes planning. It also takes commitment and
the concern of the greater community.

In Benton Harbor's case, that "greater community" has expanded to include the
Rev. Jesse Jackson, U.S. Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., former President Jimmy Carter,
the continuing presence and oversight of Granholm, many charitable
organizations, area businesses, and thousands of public officials and private
residents.

Much good is being done. It might even seem to some that the rioters who set
homes ablaze, beat up innocent bystanders and attacked firefighters and
ambulances last spring did Benton Harbor a favor by focusing attention on the
sad little city.

Anyone who believes that needs to remember that it is much easier to quantify
the positive efforts of the past year than it is to measure the harm that was
done on June 16 and 17, 2003. No one will ever know exactly how many good things
didn't happen because the riots caused people to steer clear of the city.

What we do know is this: When Benton Harbor hit rock bottom, people from all
walks of life stepped up to lend a hand. They are making a tremendous difference
in the lives of their fellow human beings and they deserve the gratitude of all.


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              587 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 27, 1992

ABA Asks Public/Private Effort for FmHA

BYLINE: By BILL LIEBTAG

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1221 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A cooperative public/private effort is needed to put more beginning farmers
behind the plow and the Farmers Home Administration back on track, according t
the chairman of the American Bankers Association's Agricultural Bankers
Division.

Eventually this will help the nation's commercial banks that make agricultural
loans, he said, because it will give them more experienced and creditworthy
customers.

Ten reforms are needed at FmHA that will put it in a position not only to better
serve its mandate as a "lender of last resort," but also to help beginning
farmers move from Federally guaranteed loan programs to become creditworthy
borrowers meeting commercial bank lending criteria.

"The average age of farmers working the land has increased.  We're not seeing as
many new farmers taking on the increasing financial responsibilities of farm
operation and farm ownership," ABA ag division chairman Jay T. Godwin told NMN.

Mr. Godwin is chairman, president and chief executive of First State Bank of
Canadian (Tex.)

His bank's experience is with ag lending to both cattle ranchers and wheat
producers, and he says that the average age of farmers is "creeping up" to the
"high 50s and even early 60s," with few beginning farmers wanting to take on the
financial, regulatory and competitive challenges.

The future of agricultural banks lies with establishing or perhaps
re-establishing a stronger customer base among beginning farmers, he feels.

Mr. Godwin chaired an ABA study group which looked at ways of funding new
farmers through FmHA.

"The ABA Executive Committee studied the FmHA lending process and issued a
'white paper' in February 1991 on its findings.

"The recommendations of the study group are an extension of these findings
concerning young, beginning farmers," he said.

Often beginning farmers have problems qualifying for loans because of lack of
production experience or cash flow problems which may only be temporary in a
start-up operation, he explained.

"There is no hard-and-fast rule of thumb banks can use to determine
creditworthiness of these beginning farmers," said Mr. Godwin.

"Some look at cattle ranching as a risky business, while a bank lending to
reachers might consider cultivated crops to be on the 'riskier' side of the
ledger."

Like other forms of new business lending, agricultural lending is a matter of
perception -- "weighing risk against the experience you have as a bank lender
and the experience your borrower brings to the table.

"At our bank, we might even consider only one or two years of profitable
operation a good case for making a beginning farmer loan," depending on what
other more experienced farmers are doing in the market at that time, he
explained.

The ABA study group's proposal ties into recently introduced legislation and Mr.
Godwin even suggests FmHA may look to the Small Business Administration as a
guide to new business development.

"The SBA has a good track record," Mr. Godwin said.  "We'd like to see FmHA
remodeled along these lines."

The bankers that participated in the ABA beginning farmer focus group were
unanimous that FmHA was the logical Federal program that would help a beginning
farmer.

"Over 80% of all FmHA guarantees have been made by commercial banks," Mr. Godwin
noted.

"There was also unanimous agreement on the fact that the FmHA guaranteed loan
program could be further reformed.  It was the feeling of the bankers that
program reforms that free borrowers and applicants from delays, red tape, and
miscommunication would do more for the cause of beginning farmers than the
creation of any new type of program."

But, there have been failures in the FmHA program, as Mr. Godwin willingly
admits.

For the past decade, FmHA has failed to utilize all of their guaranteed loan
allotments.

While the percentages have increased, just barely 50% of the FY91 allotment was
utilized.

"In part this is due to reduced loan demand," Mr. Godwin points out.  "However,
the bankers are convinced that much of this is the result of the program being
to cumbersome, and so user-adverse that bankers are only using the program when
there is dire need."

Criticisms of the utilization of the program by the general Accounting Office,
the Congressional Budget Office, and the Economic Research Service have focused
on the notion that bankers are only using the program to prop up weak credits
currently in their portfolio.

"They have never focused on the notion that bankers are only using the program
to prop up weak credits currently in their portfolio."

Two considerations were emphasized by the focus group:

* Without the ability to extend guarantees to existing customers, many of these
customers would be required to take their loans to FmHA direct programs.

FmHA guarantees enable banks to "go the distance" with their borrowers.

In many cases an FmHA guarantee will allow a bank to continue with an
undercapitalized borrows and it may allow the bank to offer a longer term and a
lower interest rate.

* The FmHA program has become complex and "delay-ridden" to the point that
bankers do not consider the possibilities that the program represents.

It is felt that a streamlined, lender-oriented program would do more for
beginning farmers faster than anything else that the Federal government would
do.

The 10 reforms proposed by the ABA study group are:

* Create a system of cost-sharing in bankruptcy cases (as it done in Chapter 7
cases) between the banker and FmHA in Chapter 11 and Chapter 12 cases, since the
possibility of high legal bills serves as a disincentive to make loans to new
farmers.

* Allow an increased guarantee -- 95% --- for beginning farmer guaranteed loans
which would provide lenders with a higher comfort level on high risk loans.

* Allow "interest assistance" on beginning farmer guarantees up front and
without annual re-approvals.

* Provide a line of credit guarantee for capital purchases.

* Waive the guarantee fee for beginning farmer guaranteed loans.

* Streamline and standardize the processing of guaranteed laons so that costly
delays in approvals are avoided.

* Eliminate the 110% debt service requirement on all guaranteed loan
applications.

* Require all FmHA direct and guaranteed loan borrowers to develop their own
graduation plan from the start and require them to review the plan on an annual
basis.

* Require that beginning farmer direct "Farm Ownership" loans be accomplished by
a private source first mortgage.

* Develop a "quick" application for small dollar amount guarantee requests.

"What we're looking to do is to help a Federal program eventually help the
banking community by helping the beginning farmers who are our best resource for
the future," Mr. Godwin explained.

"The Federal government has 'cheap food' as a priority.  Considering the costs
of environmental compliance, restrictions of the endangered species act,
pesticide regulation, rising costs of farm equipment and parts, and foreign
competition, the beginning farmer needs a lot of incentive to make the long-term
commitment being a farmer means.

"From the banker's point of view, the changes we've suggested in FmHA go a long
way to easing that first step for the beginning farmer and taking the subsequent
risk out of our own long-term commitment as agricultural bankers."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              588 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          York Sunday News (York, PA)

                            December 15, 2002 Sunday

Ag starter course coming in Feb.;
Comprehensive program designed to draw more young people into farming

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 433 words


The Pennsylvania Farm Link will offer comprehensive training about getting into
farming -- in order to tackle the continuing decline of younger farmers joining
the industry, agriculture officials said recently.

The course, a 12-week, 36-hour class, will begin in February in the Manheim area
and will allow producers to explore niche markets, distribution channels,
production options, management controls, business structure, cash-flow
management and financing, officials said.

The farm link's Marion Bowlan said the course is aiming at sparking youth
interest in joining farming -- after there was a 58 percent drop in new farmers
under age 35 from 1982 to 1997.

"There are currently 3 times as many people over the age of 65 in farming than
under 35. We want to equip people with business plan information and a hands-on
apprenticeship," said Bowlan, the organization's executive director.

Tailored courses: Bowlan said the course will focus on the individual producer's
interests, resources and needs. Participants will be instructed on how to
complete a business plan, develop a farm business and apply for a loan.

In addition, new farmers will be able to participate in a 2000-hour apprentice
program certified by both U.S. and Pennsylvania Department of Labor and
Industry.

The course pairs apprentices of legal working age with a farm business employer
in their chosen specialty. The program includes 2000 hours of both practical on-
farm work experience and 144 hours of theoretical class instruction related to
the selected field.

Participating farm businesses must comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Wage rates progress as apprentices successfully complete their instruction.
Apprentices may complete the program on their family's farm.

Credit available: Officials said participants will be eligible for living loans
through Heifer International after completing the business training and the
apprentice program.

For example, upon completion of the business planning and marketing course and
the Beginning Farmer Dairy apprenticeship, participants may be eligible for a
living loan -- PA Farm Link and Heifer will provide funds to purchase up to 10
bred heifers.

Participants then are obligated to pass on the gift, in approximately three
years, when another new farmer will be eligible to secure funds for the living
loan -- which can include all kinds of dairy and livestock as well as seeds or
plants.

The program is open to most agricultural production practices and farming
enterprises. For more information, contact the PA Farm Link at 664-7077.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 York Newspapers, Inc.


                              589 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                     March 14, 2003 Friday Ontario Edition

Coliseum gets a major facelift At Exhibition Place, Roadrunners raise the roof
even before they hit the ice

BYLINE: Christopher Hutsul, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 476 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Renovation about to add 3,300 extra hockey game seats New Oilers farm team is
signed on for a 49-year lease

Like a good hockey game, the completion of Ricoh Coliseum should come down to
the wire.

The facility will be home ice for the Toronto Roadrunners, the AHL's newest
hockey team, when they open their inaugural season Nov. 1. But the opening
buzzer could come just days after the final horn is sounded on renovations.

"It will be tight," chuckled David Garrick, the team's director of sponsorship
and public affairs. "Hopefully we can have it done a week or so before. It would
be good to have some time for city inspectors and so on."

Ricoh Coliseum is a new and improved version of the CNE Coliseum. The $38
million renovation of the 80-year-old Exhibition Place facility will boost
capacity from 6,700 to almost 10,000 for games, and 11,500 for concerts. Season
tickets for hockey go on sale next week.

The roof is being replaced with a structure 6 metres higher, while the floor is
being lowered by 1.5 metres. The steel for the new roof arrives Monday.

Construction, managed by PCL Construction Group Inc. - which built both the Air
Canada Centre and the National Trade Centre - started Jan. 2.

The project is financed by a $9 million city loan and a partnership between the
Ontario Municipal Employees Pension Fund and the Coliseum Renovation Corp.,
which belongs to the Roadrunner ownership group.

Repaying the city loan will be a priority for the team's ownership, and the city
will earn a share of the facility's revenue.

Ricoh Canada Inc., an office equipment manufacturer, is pitching in $1 million a
year over 10 years for naming rights, with an option for another 10 years.

The Roadrunners franchise, the farm team for the Edmonton Oilers, appears to be
settling in for the long haul. The team has arranged a 49-year lease.

Garrick says the arrangement will work well for the team - and the city. "The
building was getting really tired," he said. "If we hadn't come along, the city
would have had to spend millions just fixing it up."

The Coliseum was built in 1922 for the Royal Winter Fair and renovated in 1967.

Garrick is excited about the future of the facility. Some 150 events are already
booked.

"And there isn't a bad seat in the house," he said. "It's going to be one of the
finest equestrian facilities in the world, there's going to be a
state-of-the-art score clock, and wonderful sound."

It's also hoped the facility will attract international acts appealing to a
diverse population.

But will the Toronto Roadrunners, previously the Phoenix Roadrunners, glean a
decent fan base in a region that already has well-established sports franchises
and a handful of OHL teams? Garrick isn't worried.

"There are 60,000 young people playing amateur hockey in this city and they
can't get to a Leafs game," he said. "People will be able to go to a hockey game
without getting a bank loan."


LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vince Talotta/toronto star The CNE Coliseum awaits a new, higher roof
in renovations that will transform it into Ricoh Coliseum. The AHL's Toronto
Roadrunners will call the arena home next season.

                  Copyright 2003 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              590 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   December 7, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition

Deadline near for livestock program;
Indiana, southwest Michigan producers eligible for millions in federal
assistance

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 716 words


SOUTH BEND -- The summer drought is not over yet -- at least in the local
offices of the federal Farm Service Agency.

December's cold, ice and snow have dimmed memories of the August heat. But in
local FSA offices, staff members are busy processing applications from farmers
who are availing themselves of a variety of U.S. Department of Agriculture
drought programs designed to defray various financial losses.

The hottest program going right now is the livestock compensation program for
grazing animals. Just for simply having grazing animals like cattle, sheep and
goats last summer, people will be compensated by the federal government.The Dec.
13 enrollment deadline is less than a week away. FSA officials have been busy
taking applications in the last few weeks.

"We definitely want to reach out to everyone who could possibly be eligible,"
said Michael G. Hoskins, director of the St. Joseph County FSA.

Anyone -- including 4-H kids -- who owned beef or stocker cows, dairy cows,
goats, sheep and even buffalo or beefalo on June 1 are eligible for a per-head
compensation.

"The drought drove up the price of feed, like hay. This program is intended to
offset some of those added costs," Hoskins said.

The USDA has made $752 million available for this program in Indiana. Livestock
producers in 74 counties are eligible for this assistance.

The per-head compensation amounts to $18 for each beef cow, buffalo or beefalo,
and $13.50 for each stocker cow. Eligible animals had to weigh 500 pounds or
more on June 1.

Owners of dairy cows are compensated at $31.50 per head. Owners of sheep and
goats receive $4.50 per head. There is no minimum size for sheep and goats.

Swine are not included in the program because they are not a grazing animal.
Horses are ineligible because they are not a meat animal.

Hoskins said over 54 farmers have already signed up for the program in St.
Joseph County.

The program also was activated for Michigan farms in Berrien, Cass and St.
Joseph counties.

Marcia Collins, FSA director for Berrien and Cass counties, said 100 Cass County
farmers have signed up for the program. Forty farmers in Berrien County have
enrolled.

Much media attention was given to the announcement of federal disaster
declarations last summer due to the drought. Yet the availability of
low-interest emergency loans does not create much demand from farmers.

For one, loan requirements are far narrower than the livestock compensation
program. Farmers must show a 30 percent loss. Some Michiana farmers escaped the
brunt of the drought. Some even saw their crops thrive with timely rains and
therefore would not be eligible.

In addition, FSA is the lender of last resort. Farmers must be turned down for
loans from a commercial banker or other public lending institutions to receive
the loans and their accompanying 3.75 percent interest rate.

No farm applications for emergency loans have been received in Berrien County,
said Neal Kreitner, FSA farm loan manager.

Three Cass County farmers have requested and received applications. While about
25 applications have been disseminated in LaPorte, St. Joseph, Marshall and
Starke counties, none have been completed and turned in, said Dan Walsh, FSA
loan manager in Knox.

Some farmers, he said, have yet to fully assess last summer's damage.Other
farmers feel they are already overloaded with loans that must be repaid, said
Tom Cleveland, FSA farm loan manager whose territory includes Elkhart and
Kosciusko counties.

The deadline to submit an emergency loan application is June 18, 2003.

In addition, the new farm bill also provides marketing assistance loans and loan
deficiency payment for farmers who produce shear wool and mohair from live sheep
and goats.

Producers are required by Jan. 31 to provide evidence on what date they lost
beneficial interest, or ownership, of wool and mohair.

For fruit farmers, the deadline for applying for low-interest loans in the wake
of the spring frost and freezes is March 17.

April 1 is the deadline to complete updates for a farm's base and yield. Base
and yields are the numbers by which all future payments will be based. Those
numbers have been frozen since 1985.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              591 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; biz front.pgl; Pg.1

LENGTH: 267 words


BOCHK likely to extend lead in loan battle


Hong Kong's loan market is set to see the dominance of Bank of China (Hong Kong)
expand even more in the second half of the year, with the bank's management
taking advantage of competitors turning conservative in their credit assessments
in the wake of heavy losses. Regulatory data shows that the city's loan market
has been largely flat during the first eight months of the year, growing just
2.2 per cent year on year. However, against the tide of negative growth in the
banking industry and even shrinking balance sheets at its compeitorss, BOCHK
said its new loans increased 11.1 per cent during the period to HK$99 billion,
accounting for 60 per cent of the total in the city. The remainder of the banks
in Hong Kong lent out HK$66 billion during the eight-month period. Liz Mak


Singyes sells solar farm stakes for HK$861m


Project engineering contractor China Singyes Solar Technologies Holdings has
agreed to sell its 81 per cent stakes in each of a solar farm in the Xinjiang
Uygur autonomous region and another in Gansu province for a total of HK$861
million. The buyer is a Bermuda-incorporated firm owned by Hong Kong-listed
China Solar Energy Holdings, which is under restructuring by provisional
liquidators. The payment will be staggered with HK$50 million to be paid 90 days
from the agreement, HK$311 million to be paid upon the completion of the deal,
HK$250 million one year after completion and HK$250 million two years after
completion. Singyes said the proceeds from the sale would be used for working
capital and business expansion. Eric Ng

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2012

FSA assistance for new farmers

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 390  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) is working harder than ever to assist new
farmers and ranchers. FSA State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Schaunaman. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through
this challenging startup issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit,
minimal credit history, and less collateral make it difficult for new and
smaller farmers in South Dakota to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The program offers two options, one that guarantees up to
three annual installment payments on the contract and one that guarantees 90
percent of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used in the
purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"South Dakota farmers represent all walks of life, as well as a wide variety of
backgrounds and ages," notes Schaunaman. "This program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in South Dakota, and we encourage producers to
visit with us to determine if FSA can assist with their individual needs," he
said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on - the - job training and formal education when determining
eligibility for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level
of agricultural experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or
ranch. Schaunaman also recommends that people considering a farming career visit
the new USDA website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about loan programs
available for beginning farmers and ranchers.

For additional information about FSA programs, contact the local FSA office or
visit us online at www.fsa.

FSA Notes

Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker-297-5564

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                              593 of 996 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          Canadean - Company Statement

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                December 8, 2016

                           Trustees Australia Limited

                           Level 1, 41 Edward Street
                                 Brisbane 4000
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
OVERVIEW

   The statement of Mr. Michael Hackett, the Managing Director of the company is
given below. This statement has been taken from the annual report 2014.

   The principal activities of the Group during the financial year ended 30 June
2014 were:

   Financial Services Activities Comprising:

   o custodial and responsible entity services through Trustees Australia;

   o fixed interest broking and advisory through Rim Securities Limited
(RIMsec); and

   o a 33% interest in APA Financial Services Limited (APA), an ASX listed
entity

   Tourism and hospitality activities comprising:

   o the ownership and operation of Magnums Airlie Beach Backpackers in
Queensland Resorts Pty Ltd.

   Property Activities Comprising:

   o development property ownership in Trustees Australia; and

   o a 43% interest in the Whitsunday Village Retail Property Trust No 1
(WVRPT), a managed investment scheme holding

   retail shops at Airlie Beach.

   o investment property ownership in Australian Dairy Farms Trust which owns a
dairy farm property and an interest in dairy livestock in Victoria's South West
district in connection with APA Financial Services Limited.

   Other than the various developments with the proposed restructure and capital
raising by APA and the Australian Dairy Farms Trust, in respect of which
Trustees Australia Limited acts as responsible entity, there have been no
significant change in the nature of the Group's activities during the year.

   Review of Operations For The Year

   Trading conditions for the operating entities in the Group have continued to
be difficult with the board maintaining its significant

   focus on restructure and / or disposal of assets.

   Australian Dairy Farms Group

   During the financial year a significant amount of the Group's focus has been
on restructuring APA and the Australian Dairy Farms Trust for a public offer
capital raising as an ASX listed group. Subsequent to the end of the financial
year, Trustees Australia Limited (Trustees Australia) announced to the ASX on 20
August 2014 that APA Financial Services Limited (APA) and Trustees Australia as
responsible entity, had lodged with ASIC a Prospectus and Product Disclosure
Document (Offer Document) for the issue of Stapled Securities in Australian
Dairy Farms Group (Stapled Securities). The Offer Document proposes to raise up
to AUD14.5 million in new capital. If the full amount is raised then Trustees
Australia will receive at least AUD2.15 million in repaid loans and hold a
convertible note with a duration of two years for the issue of 6,500,000 Stapled
Securities at the issue price of 20 cents per stapled security. At completion of
the proposed capital raising of AUD14.5 million, Trustees Australia will hold
5.32% of the Australian Dairy Farms Group plus the convertible note.

   The ASX announcement confirmed that Bell Potter as lead broker to the issue
held firm commitments of AUD8,500,000, exceeding the minimum subscription, from
an Institutional and Sophisticated Investor bookbuild.

   Australian Dairy Farms Group is proposing to enter the Australian dairy
industry as a farm owner and operator to produce fresh milk for sale to milk
processors. The Australian Dairy Farms Group intends to progressively aggregate
dairy farms in prime dairy producing regions of Victoria and over time become a
major and profitable supplier of milk.

   The Offer Document includes a Priority Offer of 10,000 Stapled Securities to
registered holders of shares in Trustees Australia and APA who are resident in
Australia or New Zealand (Eligible Shareholders) with a record date of 22 August
2014 and at an issue price of AUD0.20 for each Stapled Security or AUD2,000.00
in total. The Priority Offer will close on 12 September 2014.

   Whitsunday Village Property Trust

   The Group also owns part of the Whitsunday Village Shopping Centre via an
equity accounted interest of 42.92% in the Whitsunday Village Retail Property
Trust. This property adjoins the new Woolworths supermarket development and the
primary pedestrian entrances to the new supermarket is from Shute Harbour Road
through the shops owned by Whitsunday Village Retail Property Trust. These shops
have already seen positive benefits from the Woolworths proximity through
renewed lease terms, renegotiated rents for some existing tenancies and
increased enquiry for availability. On 25 June 2014, the Trust was successful in
selling a shop in the Centre, tenanted by a BWS liquor store, on an attractive
yield and firm interest has been received in the leasing of other tenancies
which are expected to lead to additional potential sales of properties in the
future.

   Backpacker Operations

   The Magnums backpacker operations at Airlie Beach continued to be difficult
as a direct result of the unusually high value Australian currency compared with
the currencies of the countries of origin of the international backpackers and
the generally depressed economic conditions in those countries. As with most
Australian based tourism businesses, cheaper destinations in South East Asia and
other regions attracted both domestic and international travellers from
Australian destinations. Custody, Responsible Entity and Trustee Services

   During the financial year Trustees Australia has continued to build its
systems capability and administration of financial assets for custody,
responsible entity and trustee services. The increased capital requirements by
regulators for responsible entities has introduced additional hurdles for this
segment of the Group's business activities.

   Fixed Interest Specialists (RIMsec)

   Rim Securities Limited (RIMsec) provides fixed income brokerage services to a
range of wholesale and retail customers. A strong emphasis continues to be
directed towards completing and enhancing systems design to support additional
dealing staff and the continuing development of its computer based systems which
are essential for efficient operation of the business and its growth.

   Operating Results and Financial Position

   Operating Results

   The consolidated net loss attributed to members of Trustees Australia, after
providing for income tax and eliminating outside equity interests, was
AUD938,875 (2013: AUD321,303). The result was achieved on revenue of
AUD3,978,031 which is comparable with the prior year on a segment basis,
although down in total predominantly as the sale of the development land to
Woolworths for AUD3,260,000 was in the 2013 comparative. Total expenses
decreased by AUD2,803,453 from 2013, predominantly as the cost of development
land sold to Woolworths of AUD3,455,964 was included in operating expenses in
the 2013 comparative, offset by an inpairment expense on the investment
property. The 2013 comparatives also included a AUD952,394 profit from
discontinued operations following the sale of wholly owned subsidiary
Administration Partners Pty Ltd.

   The directors continue to explore options for the restructuring of existing
business activities in the Group with a view to improving shareholder value.
This will require continuation of the business rationalisation and consolidation
process while also focusing on the implementation of the strategy for the future
to become a significant participant in the fixed income, custody, trustee and
responsible entity market in Australia.

   Net Financial Position

   The net assets of the Group are AUD8,582,091 at 30 June 2014, a decrease of
AUD943,953 from 30 June 2013.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
ANALYSIS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
COMPETITORS
SWOT ANALYSIS
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016


                              594 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Financial Assistance Available to Help Organic Farmers Create
Conservation Buffers

LENGTH: 401  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 USDA is assisting organic farmers with the cost of establishing up to 20,000
acres of new conservation buffers and other practices on and near farms that
produce organic crops.





 The financial assistance is available from the USDA Conservation Reserve
Program (CRP), a federally funded voluntary program that contracts with
agricultural producers so that environmentally sensitive land is not farmed or
ranched, but instead used for conservation benefits. CRP participants establish
long-term, resource-conserving plant species, such as approved grasses or trees
(known as "covers") to control soil erosion, improve water quality and develop
wildlife habitat. In return, FSA provides participants with rental payments and
cost-share assistance. Contract duration is between 10 and 15 years.



 For conservation buffers, funds are available for establishing shrubs and
trees, or supporting pollinating species, and can be planted in blocks or
strips. Interested organic producers can offer eligible land for enrollment in
this initiative at any time.



 Other USDA FSA programs that assist organic farmers include:



     The Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program that provides financial
assistance for 55 to 100 percent of the average market price for organic crop
losses between 50 to 65 percent of expected production due to a natural
disaster.

     Marketing assistance loans that provide interim financing to help producers
meet cash flow needs without having to sell crops during harvest when market
prices are low, and deficiency payments to producers who forgo the loan in
return for a payment on the eligible commodity.

     A variety of loans for operating expenses, ownership or guarantees with
outside lenders, including streamlined microloans that have a lower amount of
paperwork.

     Farm Storage Facility Loans for that provide low-interest financing to
build or upgrade storage facilities for organic commodities, including cold
storage, grain bins, bulk tanks and drying and handling equipment.

     Services such as mapping farm and field boundaries and reporting organic
acreage that can be provided to a farm's organic certifier or crop insurance
agent.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Hoeven Continuing Efforts to Help Farmers Maintain Operations,
Empower Local Economic Growth, Ensure Veterans Have Access to Healthcare

LENGTH: 1230  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today held a series of meetings with local leaders in
Rugby, Mohall and Bowbells to update them on his efforts to help North Dakota
farmers and ranchers, especially in light of low commodity prices; create a
strong business climate for small business; and advance the energy industry in
North Dakota. Hoeven also engaged the officials, from both public agencies and
private industry, on challenges the communities are currently facing and ways
the senator can support local efforts to grow the region's economy.





 "We are working on a wide range of issues to build a good business climate for
our farmers, ranchers and other small businesses, help grow our local economies
and improve our communities' quality of life," Hoeven said. "This is all about
empowering our local leaders and residents as they work toward growing their
communities and businesses."



 ? SUPPORTING NORTH DAKOTA FARMERS AND RANCHERS



 Helping Ag Producers Maintain their Operations - Hoeven recently introduced the
Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act with Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.). The
legislation:

 o Helps producers weather low commodity prices by increasing the maximum loan
amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the Farm
Service Agency's (FSA) loan and loan guarantee programs.

 o Ensures farmers and ranchers have access to enough capital to continue their
operations when revenue is limited.

 o For example, it increases the FSA loan guarantee amount, which will now cover
up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39 million, and doubles the amount on Direct
Operating and Direct Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to $600,000.



 Ensuring Access to Affordable Fertilizer -

 o Hoeven successfully passed legislation preventing the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration (OSHA) from implementing a regulation in Fiscal Year (FY)
2016 that threatened to limit the supply of anhydrous ammonia, a nitrogen
fertilizer that is critically important to producers.

 o The rule would have forced many retailers to stop selling the fertilizer,
imposing increased costs and hardship for farmers.

 o The senator has included similar language in the FY2017 Labor-HHS
Appropriations bill to prevent the rule's implementation next year as well.



 ? CREATING A GOOD BUSINESS CLIMATE



 Waters of the U.S. (WOTUS) -

 o Preserved the general ag exemption under the Clean Water Act for farmers/
ranchers by securing a provision in the FY2016 funding bill to prevent the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from imposing the WOTUS Interpretive Rule.


 o As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Hoeven included language
in the FY2017 Interior and Environment funding bill to prevent the
implementation of the WOTUS rule in FY2017.

 o Called on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to comply with the nationwide stay
on implementing the WOTUS rule by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit.



 Helped Secure More Than $680 Billion in Tax Relief - The FY 2016 funding bill:

 o Permanently extended Section 179 with the $500,000 limitation, a provision of
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax code that allows farmers, ranchers and
other small businesses to expense the purchase of equipment they need to run
their operations.

 o Extended the bonus depreciation allowance for five years.



 ? ADVANCING THE ENERGY INDUSTRY IN NORTH DAKOTA



 Lifted the Ban on Oil Exports - Hoeven, who serves on the Energy Committee,
cosponsored bipartisan legislation lifting the ban and worked to include it in
the year-end funding bill.



 The Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016 - The measure, which has passed
both chambers and is now in conference committee, includes the following
Hoeven-sponsored provisions:

 o Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Spacing Act - The legislation directs BLM to
establish a pilot program wherein a federal permit is not required when 25
percent or less of the minerals are owned or held in trust by the federal
government and there is no federal surface land.

 o All-of-the-Above Federal Building Energy Act - Improves the energy efficiency
of federal buildings by allowing the continued use of efficient fuels like
natural gas, which would otherwise be phased out.

 o Homeowners Furnace Flexibility Act - Allows newly installed gas furnaces to
be vented through a chimney, rather than a wall, as required by a rule proposed
by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The new rule would have increased the
cost of purchasing a new furnace by $350 and the cost of installing a new
furnace by $1,500 to $2,200. This legislation will save homeowners that
additional expense.

 o Non-Profit Energy Efficiency - Introduced by Hoeven and Senator Amy
Klobuchar, this bill creates a new pilot program at the DOE to provide matching
grants up to $200,000 to non-profit organizations to help make buildings they
own and operate more energy efficient.



 ? HELPING VETERANS GET ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE



 o Resolving scheduling issues with third party administrators: Earlier this
year, the senator hosted a roundtable in Fargo with officials from the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and Health Net, which resulted in an
agreement to develop and start to implement a pilot project at the Fargo VA
Medical Center to resolve scheduling delays. To date, 96 percent of the
scheduling backlog has been resolved. The VA is planning to implement this
concept on a national level in roughly 18 months.

 o Facilitating greater health care services for veterans in both rural and
urban communities by allowing veterans to see local health care providers and
use local nursing homes.

 o Working to pass the Tribal Veterans Health Care Enhancement Act, legislation
Hoeven is cosponsoring that will allow the Indian Health Service (IHS) to cover
the cost of copayments for Native Americans receiving medical care from the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Patients must have a referral from IHS to
the VA in order to have the copayment costs covered.



 ? ADDRESSING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC



 Removing Loopholes for Synthetic Drugs - This week, Hoeven unveiled The Illegal
Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016, legislation he authored to keep harmful and
addictive synthetic drugs from being sold in the United States.

 o The bill, which he recently introduced with Senator Chris Coons (D-Del.),
closes a loophole in current law that enables companies to circumvent the law
and sell synthetic variations of drugs, like the powerful drug fentanyl, by
labeling the products as "not for human consumption."

 o Laboratories, many of which are found in China, are altering the molecular
structure of fentanyl, which the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) estimates
is 50 times more potent than heroin and 100 times more potent than morphine, and
other controlled drugs to make substances that are technically different, but
with the same dangerous risks as the original drug. These chemically altered
substances are known as analogues. Companies are then able to sell the
variations, or analogues, under a "not for human consumption" label

 o The Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016 closes that loophole.

 o The measure has been endorsed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers
Association.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                              July 11, 2014 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Jeffreys Bay wind farm must benefit mostly blacks, says act

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 260 words


SIX percent of the R2.9 billion Jeffreys Bay wind farm is owned by the Amandla
Omoya Trust, established in terms of the government's legal requirement for a
minimum 2.5 percent local ownership of a new renewable energy facility.

The trust will benefit communities in the Jeffreys Bay, Humansdorp, Hankey and
Patensie areas, but the loan to acquire the shareholding - from the Development
Bank - must first be paid through dividends from the project, a process expected
to take 7 to 8 years.

Wind farm general manager Mark Pickering says the trust exists as a legal entity
but the details of the trust deed are only now being finalised, such as the aims
and objects, and the nomination of trustees.

"We will appoint the trustees in the coming months. There will be an independent
chair(person), representatives of the project company and the bank, and two
community representatives appointed through a process of nomination." In terms
of the rules there had to be a balance of gender and race, he said.

The trust will have to decide how to disburse funds earned from the wind farm,
which are expected to be "substantial" once the loan has been repaid.

"The beneficiaries must be drawn from within a radius of 50km of the wind farm,
largely in the Kouga municipality. In accordance with the Broad-based Black
Economic Empowerment Act, at least 85 percent of the beneficiaries must be
black, and the object of the trust is to empower people to join the modern
economy.

"So I expect the trust will focus on education and training, but that will
really be up to the trustees."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 23, 1992

Gonzalez Asks Disclosure

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The chairman of the House Banking Committee said that banks should be required
to disclose loans made to minority-owned and start-up small businesses.

Last year, Congress required banks to begin disclosing farm loans and small
business loans on their call reports.

Currently, commercial banks also are required to break down their real estate
loans, including agricultural land loans, by size categories.

The data will help policymakers determine if certain types of borrowers suffer
from a credit crunch, said Rep. Henry Gonzalez, D., Tex.

"For months the committee has received numerous complaints from small businesses
and farms that they are being bypassed for bank credit," he said.

"Start-up small businesses and minority-owned small businesses are said to be
particularly vulnerable."

Requiring disclosure of loans to these businesses would encourage banks to make
these types of loans, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              598 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                 Colorado Rural Housing Development Corporation

                        7305 Lowell Boulevard Suite 200
                             Westminster,  CO 80030
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (303) 428-1448
URL: www.crhdc.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   CRHDC offers a wide range of programs and services, including:   Home
Ownership - We provide access to home ownership opportunities through our
Self-Help Housing Program, homebuyer education, attractive mortgage loans, and
down payment assistance. Training and counseling is available in both English
and Spanish. We also offer classes in home maintenance. Contractor Built Housing
- We serve as General Contactor or partner with a private contractor to build
and finance homes for buyers who buy contractor built houses. The contractor
partners with CRHDC, lenders, local governments, and other funding sources to
keep housing costs affordable.  Property Development and Management - We
develop, acquire, and manage multi-family rental housing. We own and manage four
multi-family complexes in Colorado.  Technical Assistance/Farm Worker Housing
Development - We lend our technical expertise to local governments and
non-profits to help them sponsor and construct safe, decent, and affordable
rental housing in rural and urban agricultural areas. Housing for Migrant Farm
Workers  - The number of farm workers in need of housing exceeds the number of
available housing units. Often, small rural communities do not have enough
rental units available, or they may be unavailable to migrant farm workers who
cannot provide deposits, qualify for credit checks, or make long-term rental
commitments.  We work with U.S.D.A. Rural Development and a consortium of non
profit organizations to provide techni

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              599 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: USDA Financial Assistance Available to Help Organic Farmers Create
Conservation Buffers

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 USDA is assisting organic farmers with the cost of establishing up to 20,000
acres of new conservation buffers and other practices on and near farms that
produce organic crops.





 The financial assistance is available from the USDA Conservation Reserve
Program (CRP), a federally funded voluntary program that contracts with
agricultural producers so that environmentally sensitive land is not farmed or
ranched, but instead used for conservation benefits. CRP participants establish
long-term, resource-conserving plant species, such as approved grasses or trees
(known as "covers") to control soil erosion, improve water quality and develop
wildlife habitat. In return, FSA provides participants with rental payments and
cost-share assistance. Contract duration is between 10 and 15 years.



 For conservation buffers, funds are available for establishing shrubs and
trees, or supporting pollinating species, and can be planted in blocks or
strips. Interested organic producers can offer eligible land for enrollment in
this initiative at any time.



 Other USDA FSA programs that assist organic farmers include:



 o The Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program that provides financial
assistance for 55 to 100 percent of the average market price for organic crop
losses between 50 to 65 percent of expected production due to a natural
disaster.



 o Marketing assistance loans that provide interim financing to help producers
meet cash flow needs without having to sell crops during harvest when market
prices are low, and deficiency payments to producers who forgo the loan in
return for a payment on the eligible commodity.



 o A variety of loans for operating expenses, ownership or guarantees with
outside lenders, including streamlined microloans that have a lower amount of
paperwork.



 o Farm Storage Facility Loans for that provide low-interest financing to build
or upgrade storage facilities for organic commodities, including cold storage,
grain bins, bulk tanks and drying and handling equipment.



 o Services such as mapping farm and field boundaries and reporting organic
acreage that can be provided to a farm's organic certifier or crop insurance
agent.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 20, 2014

USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDAs First Military Veterans Agriculture Liaison

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 903  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa. "Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities,
and are often drawn back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said
Deputy Secretary Harden. "Veterans are key to building our future generation of
farmers, land stewards and conservationists. USDA already has a number of
initiatives to help veterans find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning
home, but this new position will help coordinate our efforts and make programs
easier to navigate. I look forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to
support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02). "Serving as
USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great honor," said
Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I know military
veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is to make sure
military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services to help them
succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over
600 veterans through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent
Forest Service employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.

Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other federal
agencies to develop the 21 st Conservation Service Corps (21 CSC) to create
opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources. Earlier
this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded 21 CSC
opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over $21
million in FY 14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage approximately
11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment opportunities Closing 689
Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8 million), 3,881
traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and 592 microloans
(totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service Agency
announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a way to
satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds Investing $5.4
million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans and over $1.1
million in Conservation Loans Launching a dedicated website for veterans and
military families about available federal nutrition programs.

Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families Integrating veterans
into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

The announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made possible
by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in
rural America over j the past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and
billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made
significant progress to implement each provision of this critical legislation,
including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk
management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research;
establishing innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new
markets for rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and
community facilities to help improve quality of life.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Glenville Democrat


                              601 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                  June 9, 2004

Mugabe to seize all farms in Zimbabwe

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 335 words


The Zimbabwe government announced yesterday that all farmland will be
nationalised and private land ownership abolished. All land, including more than
5,000 former white-owned farms handed over to blacks, will become state-owned
and subject to state-issued leases, the Land Reform Minister John Nkomo said.
Title deeds of farm properties will be scrapped and replaced by 99-year leases
with rent payable to the government, the state Herald newspaper reported.

Since the farm seizures began in 2000, about 200,000 black families have been
given former white-owned land. About a quarter gained larger properties for
commercial rather than small scale farming. Hundreds of black farmers also
bought commercial farms that will now be nationalised.

Nkomo asked landowners or occupiers to come forward for vetting to qualify for
state leases. He did not say when the nationalisation programme would be
completed.

Since 2000, the often violent seizures of white-owned commercial farms, along
with erratic rains, have slashed agricultural production, leading to acute
shortages of food, hard currency, petrol and other imports. Critics say much of
the best land was given to President Robert Mugabe's supporters and is
under-utilised or lying fallow.

Production on many re-settled farms has dropped sharply as new farmers lacked
money and loans and also reported shortages of seed, fertiliser, fuel and farm
machinery such as tractors and ploughs.

Nkomo said the state-issued leases would be sufficient collateral for farmers to
secure loans for materials and equipment. But that, said independent Harare
economist John Robertson, was "a miscomprehension." "The banks aren't going to
lend to an individual against a lease that belongs to the state," he said. It
doesn't work that way. You can't borrow on the strength of something you don't
own," he said.

United Nations crop forecasts predict Zimbabwe, once a regional breadbasket,
will produce only half its food needs this year.


LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2004 Western Morning News


                              602 of 996 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                              May 31, 2011 Tuesday
                                National Edition

U.S. pricing key to Canada's Chrysler stake; Ottawa willing to sell to Fiat if
cash is right

BYLINE: Scott Deveau, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP3

LENGTH: 530  words


Ottawa says it's open to selling its stake in Chrysler Group LLC to Fiat SpA, if
the price is right, after holding preliminary talks Monday with Sergio
Marchionne, the chief executive of both car companies.

But the governments of Canada and Ontario will likely have to wait until the
U.S. Treasury sells its stake before a price for their own stake can be set.

The Canadian governments collectively own 1.7% of Chrysler after its bailout in
2009. While the Detroit automaker managed to repay the Canadian governments the
$1.7-billion in loans it received from them as part of its $7.6-billion bailout
package, the returns from their equity stake will largely determine how much
taxpayers will recoup from the overall bailout package.

Prior to Chrysler filing for Chapter 11 protection in 2009, the Canadian
governments had given the embattled automaker roughly $1.2-billion in emergency
loans to keep it afloat.

Those funds were over and above the $1.7-billion Chrysler repaid last week, and
will not be recouped on a cash basis, Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said.

"That part of the loan, initially, was made to the old Chrysler that is no
longer with us," he said during a press conference at Chrysler's plant in
Etobicoke, Ont. "That was an investment that will not be recovered because there
was a bankruptcy there."

Mr. Flaherty defended the bailouts of both Chrysler and General Motors, saying
that without them, about 52,000 auto-sector jobs would have been lost. "That has
pretty substantial value, and that's why the government did what it did," Mr.
Flaherty said.

But Canadian taxpayers will be watching closely to see how much of that original
loan is recouped through interest payments and the sale of the equity stake.
Chrysler has said it has paid more than $1billion in interest on all of its
government loans. Chrysler has paid the Canadian governments a total of
$244-million in interest on its loans to date, according to the Department of
Finance.

Last Friday, Fiat announced it would exercise a call option to purchase the
outstanding 6% of Chrysler owned by the U.S. Treasury, bringing its ownership of
the Detroit automaker up to 52%. There is no similar clause in the Canadian
agreement, however, which means the governments here will likely have to wait
until the U.S. Treasury process plays out to determine the value of their
ownership stake.

"The real question is the resolution of the position with the U.S. Treasury,"
Mr. Marchionne said. "They're going to set a benchmark price."

The U.S. Treasury and Fiat have 10 days to reach an agreement on the fair value
of the ownership stake. If no deal can be made, three investment banks will be
brought in to offer their opinions. The average of the two banks that are
closest in price will set the value of the equity stake. At that point, the
Canadian governments will determine whether they would also like to unload their
stake or wait until an initial public offering, tentatively slated for next
year, to sell.

"I can't pay them more than I pay the Americans," Mr. Marchionne said.

Mr. Flaherty said Ottawa would be watching the outcome of that U.S. process to
determine whether to sell.

scdeveau@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Merle Robillard For National Post; Sergio Marchionne speaks while
Chrysler Canada CEO Reid Bigland, left, and Finance Minister Jim Flaherty look
on at Ontario's Etobicoke Casting Plant on Monday. Mr. Marchionne said the U.S.
Treasury will set Chrysler's "benchmark price.";

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                October 28, 2016

BYLINE: Isabel Davies

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


Young farmers would prefer business loans to subsidies


More than half of young farmers would be prepared to see subsidies phased out
post-Brexit, particularly if they were offered business loans or grants to help
them establish their businesses.A survey by the National Federation of Young
Farmers Clubs (NFYFC) found that many young people see subsidies as a barrier to
new entrants as they favour existing landowners and farmers.A commonly expressed
opinion was that the Basic Payment Scheme encourages older generations to hold
on to farms and farmland rather than passing it to younger farmers.While most
respondents to the survey said they wanted to see subsidies continue, 46% only
wanted them to continue for a limited time and 14% said they favoured subsidies
disappearing as swiftly as possible.When asked what form subsidies should take,
the most popular choice (35%) for young farmers was to reduce or remove
area-based basic subsidy payments and instead support farmers through grants or
loans for farm business investments.Another 27% suggested reducing or removing
area-based basic subsidy payments and instead paying farmers based on their farm
output or productivity.The survey, which was completed by 184 young farmers,
found that a lack of financial backing was seen as the major inhibitor for young
people wanting to get into farming in the next five years.When asked what type
of support would be most useful in establishing their farm business, 43% chose
loan guarantee facilities to help young farmers to build their own businesses,
while 31% chose small grants of up to Â£3,000.NFYFCâ  s agricultural and rural
issues chairman, Sam Dilcock, said: â  Getting started in farming has many
challenges.

Weâ  ve now got the Land Partnerships Service, to help bring together farmers
and land with new entrants and business ideas, which is great. But we need to
look at short- and long-term finance too â   which are especially big barriers
to new entrantsNFYFC vice-chairman Lynsey Martin added: â  If the subsidy system
is supposed to help farming become more dynamic, to contribute public goods and
benefits, then it might do this better if it were not so inextricably tied to
land ownership, but instead addressed the business needs of established farmers
and new entrants alike.â The survey results will be presented to Defra so that
young peopleâ  s views are considered as part of a future British Agricultural
Policy.Young farmers were overwhelmingly in favour of Brexit, according to the
results of a Farmers Weekly poll ahead of the EU referendum vote.

Young farmers want loans not subsidies

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2016 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 2, 1985 Thursday

White Farm's survival bid battling clock

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER WADDELL; GAM

LENGTH: 714 words


By  CHRISTOPHER WADDELL
 Time is running out for White Farm Manufacturing Canada Ltd.


Although company president Bill Sinclair is still hopeful that a
 financial rescue package can be put together to save the Brantford, Ont.,
 combine harvester manufacturer, receiver Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto will
 soon take another step toward the liquidation of the company.


    "We're probably going to advertise within the next week or so for
 purchasers," Peat Marwick president Gary Colter said yesterday. "Our
 initial efforts will be to sell the company as a going concern, but we
 will encourage everyone interested to make offers (on all or parts of the
 company)."
    In the meantime, Mr. Sinclair is waiting for an answer from the federal
 Department of Regional Industrial Expansion on his request for $20-million
 in loan guarantees to help refinance the company.
    "Federal officials were here at the end of last week and they are
 proceeding very diligently," Mr. Sinclair said, "but it will likely be
 next week at the earliest (before a decision is reached)."
    When Borg-Warner Acceptance Canada Ltd. of Mississauga, Ont., called
 $47-million in loans to White Farm on March 26, the Ontario Government, in
 the midst of a provincial election, quickly offered $7-million in loan
 guarantees if Mr. Sinclair could arrange the remainder of a debt-
 restructuring package that would satisfy Borg-Warner.

The Brantford riding in which the White Farm plant and its 600 jobs is
 located is held by Phil Gillies, a minister without portfolio responsible
 for youth in Premier Frank Miller's Cabinet. He is facing a tough
 challenge from the New Democratic Party candidate to hold on to the seat
 he first won in 1981.
    "We've asked for a little bit more (from the province)," said Mr.
 Sinclair, adding that Ontario has given its tentative approval to increase
 the loan guarantee to $10-million.

But Ontario Development Corp. offers a different view of the situation.
    "Our authorization comes when we put a proposal to Cabinet and it says
 'yes,' " said ODC executive director Andrew Croll. While noting that the
 province is ready to listen to any proposal, he added that any decision to
 increase its involvement in a financial rescue of White Farm "depends
 entirely on the deal" Mr. Sinclair can put together.

The White Farm president said $30-million from the two levels of
 government would be enough to refinance the company, suggesting Borg-
 Warner Acceptance is willing to take a $17-million writedown on its loans.

Further pressure in support of the company comes from a group of 13
 Southern Ontario tool manufacturers who produce tooling and components for
 White Farm's axial- flow combine, which will enter production if the
 company is saved. The group sent a telegram yesterday to Minister of
 Regional Industrial Expansion, Sinclair Stevens, calling on the federal
 Government to provide the loan guarantees to White Farm.

The farm equipment manufacturer owes the supplier group approximately
 $1-million, but the 13 companies said they will convert that debt to
 short-term loans at normal bank interest rates to assist in White Farm's
 financial restructuring.

However, two additional hurdles stand in the way of a corporate
 revival.

The federal Government's interest in Mr. Sinclair's request for support
 came because White Farm has increased its market share substantially in
 the past year.

However, most of that sales increase came from equipment that was
 already on hand when Borg-Warner refinanced White Farm under Mr.
 Sinclair's ownership in January, 1984, after an earlier company, White
 Farm Equipment Canada Ltd., declared bankruptcy in June, 1983.

With 1985 first-quarter combine sales 40 per cent lower than the same
 period last year, White Farm has sold less than 25 per cent of the
 approximately 275 combines produced since Mr. Sinclair took over. That may
 be an indication that the company's market share growth is slipping.

A second problem comes from the United States, where Borg- Warner
 Acceptance Corp. of Chicago is liquidating the assets of White Farm
 Equipment Ltd. of Cleveland. Included in the items on the block is the
 tooling used to produce some parts used in Brantford. That tooling must be
 either purchased or replaced if the Canadian company is to continue
 combine production.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                August 10, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

In Season Farm to move in to Middle East market

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 276 words


A local company has teamed up with an innvoative new peer to peer lending
company to help it expandinto the international market.

In Season Farm, the mini vegetable specialist based in Drogheda, supplies over
700 restaurants nationally and has worked with Linked Finance to raise
(EURO)15,000 and help it take advantage of its growing international
recognition. THE company, owned by Brendan Guinan, needs new equipment to
facilitate export to the Middle Eastern market. HE contacted Linked Finance and
the company helped to raise the (EURO)15,000 needed to install a
state-of-the-art water treatment plant at their production facilities. THIS is
the third time the Drogheda-based Brendan Guinan company has used Linked Finance
to raise a loan. The previous loans, which were both used to finance machinery,
were for (EURO)10,000 and (EURO)12,000 respectively. LAUNCHED in 2013, Linked
Finance connects local businesses who need loans with a vibrant online lending
community. Ordinary members of the public, institutions and other investors who
are ready to lend to Irish SMEs at attractive interest rates.

SINCE it's inception, Linked Finance has raised over (EURO)140,000 for Louth
businesses.

FOR many years, Brendan said he watched with frustration as fresh produce was
imported into Ireland instead of being locally sourced. He also identified
chefs' desire to use fresh Irish produce. As a result, Brendan established In
Season Farm in 2010 and it has grown steadily ever since.

IN Season Farm supplies to over 700 restaurants across the country, including
the country's leading restaurants Patrick Guilbaud, L'Écrivain, Fade St Social,
Bang, and Chapter One.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brendan Guinan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                             June 26, 2007 Tuesday

State gives ag, tourism $5M boost: Lurgan Township farm to get portion of
$100,000 loan to produce turkeys

BYLINE: By MARCUS RAUHUT Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 386 words


The Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development an-nounced a
$5 million investment in 10 counties to support the tourism and agriculture
sectors Tuesday, including one project in Franklin County.

A Small Business First loan totaling $100,000 was approved for the Pennsylvania
Independent Poultry Producers Cooperative Agricultural Association. The money is
for working capital to secure a contract to have 16 member farms grow turkeys.

One member farm is in Lurgan Township, near Shippensburg. Other member farms are
in Adams, Fulton, Lancaster, Perry, Snyder, Union and York counties.

The Pennsylvania Independent Poultry Producers Cooperative Agricultural
Association anticipates selling between 70 million to 80 million pounds of live
turkeys by 2010. Based on statistics from the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
the production could represent between a quarter and a third of turkey
production in the state.

DCED announced funding for several other regional projects Tuesday.

The Community First Fund will receive $2 million to establish a fund to provide
gap financing for commercial real estate projects in the organization's
13-county market area in southeast and south central Pennsylvania.

Funding will be focused on current or previous projects in the downtown business
districts of small cities and core communities. The objective is to bring new
jobs to these communities, as well as increased property values and
resident-owned businesses.

In addition, the Commonwealth Financing Authority also approved the first
project from the York County Economic Development Corp., which received $4
million in Building PA funding at the December CFA meeting.

The York County Economic Development Corp. will dedicate $843,360 of its $4
million allocation to purchase and renovate the former York Auto Parts building
in York.

The project will turn the site into a mixed-use facility consisting of two
commercial office suites on the first floor and 18 loft apartments on the upper
floors.

In addition, a new, 18,000-square-foot building erected on the site will contain
retail space and 18 townhouse-style apartments. CODO 241 LP will be the
developers of the $8.3 million project, which is expected to create at least 30
jobs.

----------

Marcus Rauhut can be reached at mrauhut@publicopinionnews.com or 262-4752.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 24, 1994

Proposed Amendments to CRA

BYLINE: By JOHN P. LAWARE, Member, Board of Governors Federal Reserve System

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 936 words

HIGHLIGHT: (Mr. LaWare recently spoke before the House subcommittee on financial
institutions supervision, regulation and deposit insurance concerning a proposed
amendment to CRA regulations.  His prepared statement has been excerpted as our
Open Forum report.)


The Federal Reserve Board has joined with the other banking agencies in
publishing a proposal to amend the regulations implementing the Community
Reinvestment Act.

That proposal would require banks and savings associations with assets of $ 250
million or more (or that are subsidiaries of a holding company with total
banking and thrift assets of $ 250 million or more) to report certain
information about small-business and small-farm loans.

Under the CRA proposal.  information would be collected for business loans with
an original loan amount of $ 1 million or less -- and farm loans of $ 500,000 or
less.  Institutions would report for each loan made that has a balance
outstanding at year-end.

Information would be provided on the location of the business or farm (including
the MSA, state, county, and census tract) and whether the business' gross annual
revenues are $ 1 million or less.

The agencies have also proposed for comment a provision that would require
lenders to ask (in connection with written applications, and for all loans made)
about the race and gender of the ownership of small businesses and small farms.

Based on this information, institutions would report the number and dollar
amount of loans made to small businesses or small farms owned by minorities or
Women.

The Federal Reserve is absolutely committed to eliminating discrimination, but I
must tell you that some Board members have concerns about requiring lenders to
ask for and maintain information on the race of business customers.  They
believe the CRA proposal risks introducing non-economic factors into the credit
granting process.

Indeed, creditors currently are prohibited from asking for or collecting this
type of information.  Regulation B (which implements the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act) restricts a creditor's ability to inquire about the race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, or marital status of an applicant, and
has done so since 1976.

In essence, the regulation encourages a color-blind, gender-neutral approach in
credit transactions by restricting the collection of information that is
unrelated to evaluating creditworthiness.  The one exception relates to home
mortgages, where lenders are required to collect race or national origin for
loans to purchase one-to-four family dwellings.

The regulation also permits.lenders to obtain the information to comply with
other statutory requirements, such as HMDA or other Federal or state
requirements.  Nonetheless, the CRA provision for collecting race and gender is
part of the package that we have published for comment, and we shall be very
interested in the comments that we receive from the public.

Under the proposed regulation, institutions required to collect these data under
CRA would make the following information available to the public:

* the number and amount of the institution's small-business and small-farm loans
located in low-, moderate-, middle, and upper-income census tracts;

* the number and amount of the institution's small-business and small-farm loans
located inside and outside the bank's service area;

* the number and amount of such loans made to minority- and women-owned
businesses;

* the number and amount of such loans to small businesses and small farms with
annual revenues $ 1 million or less, and

* a list of the census tracts where the bank had outstanding at least one small
business or small farm loan.

Those statistics appear quite similar to the reporting requirements in H.R. 918.
Indeed, the bill's requirements likely would be redundant and confusing if
imposed in additiou to the CRA requirements.

The outcome of the CRA proposal will not be decided until the agencies have a
chance to review and react to the comments received in the next 45 days, but I
will touch on some of the pros and cons involved in collecting such statistics
this morning.  If the data collection proposed in the CRA goes forward, the
micro loan data presumably could be aggregated to produce summary numbers for
small and minority-owned business loans.

It is not completely clear, however, how such statistics could further the
enforcement of fair lending practices.  In particular, the number and dollar
volume of loans and denial rates provide no information on borrower
characteristics and risks of the loans that were made as compared to loans that
were not made.  (The data also would not provide information about a particular
lender's evaluation standards.)

If there is a common thread connecting small businesses in the credit process,
it is that lending to them is information-intensive.  That is, suppliers of
credit need to gather an extensive amount of information to evaluate accurately
the potential risks and returns on a loan.

In addition to a borrower's financial statements, if such exist, a lender needs
to understand the markets in which the business operates: to assess the value of
assets that may provide collateral: and to make judgments about the financial
creditability of the management.

The CRA data could prove useful to the regulatory agencies in evaluating a
lender's small business lending -- to help determine if the lender is serving
the entire community.  The data also could be beneficial to institutions by
enabling them to measure how successful their smallbusiness lending is,
particularly if they have set up special programs to better serve women- or
minority-owned businesses.

Such data could provide a red flag to the agencies suggesting closer scrutiny of
an institution's efforts to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              608 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

State Farm Seeks Charter For a Federal Savings Bank

                            July 2, 1997, Wednesday

By DEAN ANASON



After months of talking about it, the State Farm insurance empire applied Monday
for a federal savings bank charter.

If approved, the application by State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. would
enable the parent to market banking services to holders of its 66 million auto,
health, life, and other policies.

"Our primary target audience is our current policyholders," said Stanley R.
Ommen, proposed president of State Farm Financial Services. "The more products
and services we can continue to offer to households, the more likely they are to
stay with us."

Under the plan, State Farm would become a unitary thrift holding company. Its
savings bank would offer home mortgage, home equity, and automobile loans and
leases as well as credit cards and other consumer loans.

In addition, it would provide checking, savings, money market, and certificate
of deposit accounts, according to the application at the Office of Thrift
Supervision.

State Farm, the nation's largest property and casualty insurer, would sell these
banking products through its existing network of agents, not by opening any
branches.

Checking accounts, however, would be offered at first only to employees and
agents. State Farm has not decided whether to offer checking to the general
public, Mr. Ommen said.

To be based at its parent company's headquarters in Bloomington, Ill., the State
Farm thrift would confine its activities in the first three years of operation
to three states, which company officials declined to identify. Then it would
expand nationwide.

State Farm would operate the thrift as a wholly owned subsidiary and plans to
infuse it with at least $25 million.

The company is the fourth insurer to request a thrift charter in recent months,
an OTS spokesman said. The Travelers Group applied last December, while the
Principal Financial Group and TransAmerica Corp. filed applications in June.

Thrift charters are popular because of the lack of restrictions on ownership.
The agency has received 18 charter applications this year, twice as many as in
all of 1996.

Although legislation pending in Congress may eliminate the thrift charter, State
Farm is confident its institution could be grandfathered or converted to a bank,
Mr. Ommen said. State Farm began planning for a thrift charter a year ago and
hopes for a decision from OTS within six months, he said.

Founded in 1922, the $60 billion-asset State Farm operates through a network of
28 regional offices and nearly 17,000 agents in the United States and Canada.
State Farm also owns two registered broker-dealer subsidiaries that sell
variable life insurance and annuities to customers and mutual funds to employees
and agents.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 451 words

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                              609 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 29, 1997, Friday,

DECOSTER TO RETAIN SIGNIFICANT LINKS TO EGG FARM OPERATIONS;
 HIS INVOLVEMENT RAISES CONCERNS ABOUT THE SPINOFF BUSINESSES' ABILITIES TO
CREATE NEW IDENTITIES.

BYLINE: Edward D. Murphy Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1331 words


Even though A.J. ''Jack'' DeCoster has announced he is selling off most of his
egg business, he will maintain substantial links with the new businesses that
are being created to take over operations at his Turner farm.

DeCoster is financing two of the deals for new businesses that have already been
negotiated, and is expected to underwrite the purchase of another four DeCoster
Egg Farms departments that will be spun off.

All the owners are expected to be people currently working for DeCoster - in
most cases, veteran employees who are managers of the departments that are being
turned into new companies.

DeCoster will be either the major supplier or prime customer of the new
companies.

The close ties are raising concerns that DeCoster will continue to control the
farm even while supposedly distancing himself from the business. And that could
hamper the new businesses' abilities to forge fresh identities, which will be
critical to recapturing customers lost after federal investigators last year
revealed serious violations of worker health and safety laws.

''If that were simply a subsidiary arrangement with DeCoster, I think the
attorney general, the Legislature and the consumers and retailers would find
that very unsatisfactory,'' said William Bell, head of the Maine Poultry
Federation.

DeCoster's spokeswoman, Sally Christner, said DeCoster will sell off most of his
huge Turner business, while retaining ownership of the farm's land and
buildings, which will be leased to the new companies. She said DeCoster also is
expected to continue a chicken feed operation and possibly a chicken hatchery.

Christner said Wednesday that financial problems - caused mainly by grocery
chain boycotts begun after deplorable working and living conditions were
revealed by federal investigators last year - were behind the decision to
restructure the farm.

Attempts to reach DeCoster have been unsuccessful. Christner said he was at a
hog farm he owns in Iowa, but a man at DeCoster's house in Iowa said he was in
Maine.

It isn't the first time DeCoster has sold the farm.

He got $ 17.2 million for the Turner operation in 1979 from a Massachusetts
company, then bought it back at auction for $ 2.1 million six years later after
Acton Food Services Corp. said it could no longer afford to feed the chickens.

This week's news was a shock to workers, suppliers and regulators who have been
watching DeCoster for years. It could mark the end of the controversial
DeCoster's position as the largest brown egg producer in the world - and a
frequent target of regulators who enforce worker health and safety rules.

State officials said Thursday they will keep a careful watch on how and to whom
DeCoster spins off the companies.

Of particular concern will be the effect on a new state law that, beginning next
week, would have allowed DeCoster employees to form a union. Other farms in the
state are exempt from union activity.

''If there were some kind of attempt to make an end-run around that legislation,
it would be of interest to us,'' said Attorney General Andrew Ketterer. ''It's
unclear what the final product will look like.''

''What are they going to do different? That's what we're waiting to hear,'' said
Edward McLaughlin, the state commissioner of agriculture.

The federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration, which is collecting a
$ 2 million fine from DeCoster for violations of worker health and safety laws,
issued a statement late Thursday that it will hold any new companies to the
compliance agreement in effect with DeCoster.

Besides the fine, that agreement forces the egg farm to make major health and
safety changes and to accept heavy federal oversight of the operation.

OSHA spokesman Stephen Gaskill said DeCoster and any other owners of the farm
will still have to pay the fine and comply with safety and health standards in
the agreement, regardless of how the farm is split. He said the agency learned
of DeCoster's plans Wednesday, but has had no direct contact with DeCoster.

The ownership of more than 4 million hens that lay about 23 million brown eggs
weekly at the Turner farm will play a key role in how regulators view the new
arrangement.

DeCoster workers said Thursday they are afraid the restructuring of the business
is intended to allow the company to avoid the union law. Who owns the hens will
help decide whether the workers can unionize.

Under that state law adopted this year - and aimed solely at DeCoster - an egg
farm with more than 500,000 hens and more than 100 employees must allow its
workers to unionize if they choose to. DeCoster Egg Farms is the only business
in the state that fits those criteria.

If DeCoster continues to own the hens and spins off the processing facility,
neither operation would likely meet the criteria of the new unionizing law, said
Bell, of the Maine Poultry Foundation.

''The hens will either be owned by the new person or (owned by DeCoster and)
leased by the new person,'' said Michael Healy, DeCoster's lawyer.

Ketterer said his department will analyze any lease to determine the ownership
of the hens and whether the union law would apply.

Christner said DeCoster's financial difficulties are real and he wouldn't go to
such great lengths simply to avoid the possibility of a union at the farm.

She said DeCoster would go to court to challenge the constitutionality of the
law first if he were so adamantly opposed to a union.

''Wouldn't we exhaust all those avenues first before we do something so
drastic?'' she asked. ''Breaking up a person's business just to avoid a
collective bargaining law when they might unionize and they might not? To sell
off a business just because of a big 'if' out there doesn't make any business
sense.''

The relationship of DeCoster to the new companies also will likely be a key
determinant of their chances for success.

Christner said seven new companies will be formed. Two have already been
established and will begin operations next week.

Northern Transportation will take over the trucking department and Turner
Maintenance will become the new maintenance company serving DeCoster.

Maine Egg and New England Quality Eggs also will be created, but Christner said
she couldn't describe what part of the operation they will take over. A plant
cleaning company is also being set up, along with a company that will be
responsible for taking hens to the laying houses.

The seventh company, Maine Contract Farming, will be retained by DeCoster, she
said.

A spokeswoman for Shaw's, which was the first grocery chain to drop DeCoster
eggs, said the new companies will have to meet its health and safety benchmarks
to be considered as a new supplier.

In any case, Margaret McEwan said, Shaw's is already supplied by DeCoster's
chief Maine rival, Dorothy Egg Farms, and a new supplier would be considered
only for new or expanded business.

''The grocery chains are sophisticated and they are not going to readily switch
to an arrangement'' with a company controlled by DeCoster, said Bell of the
Maine Poultry Federation.

''I think egg packing and selling eggs would have to be an independent entity,''
he said, to recapture former DeCoster customers.

Christner also said DeCoster's financing of the new companies is not unusual.

''There have been plenty of managers and crew chiefs that have bought cars and
trailers, a lot of things, and Jack has loaned them the money,'' she said. ''He
is very well-known for giving employees loans.''

But Alan Caron, who was an adviser to DeCoster for a few months last year, said
he's worried that the companies begun under that type of arrangement may never
be able to escape the links with DeCoster Egg Farms.

''I fear that it won't succeed because of public skepticism,'' Caron said, and
the new companies will need to clearly establish their independence.

''They will never succeed if they don't take that step,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: 3 color MAP: Turner, Decoster Egg Farm;

File photo A worker at DeCoster Egg Farms in Turner tend;

 one of the rows of egg-producing hens in a barn that holds over 70,000 birds.
State officials say they will keep a close watch on how and to whom DeCoster
sells off his business. p. 18A;

 File photo A. J. ''Jack'' DeCoster will provide loans to financ some of the new
businesses to be formed from the breakup of his egg farm, and the new owners
will probably be current employees.;

 Staff photo by Doug Jones Rene Flores, a native of Mexico who work for DeCoster
Egg Farms as a barn cleaner, says changes in ownership and an end to free living
arrangements will send many workers away. He plans to take his family south,
where he will look for a decent job. Story, 18A Staff art Turner, Decoster Egg
Farm p. 18

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              610 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Russia to return part of leased military range to Kazakhstan

LENGTH: 430 words


Text of report headlined "Russia will return Taysoygan military range in Atyrau
Region to Kazakhstan" published by privately-owned Kazakh news website
Tengrinews on 1 November:

Starting from the new year, the major part of the land in the military ground
Taysoygan in Atyrau Region's Kyzylkoga District will not be under the Russian
lease and be returned to Kazakhstan, reports Moy Gorod.

This was told by Kazakhstan's Senate member Sarsenbay Yensegenov, who arrived in
the ground on a working visit. The deputy arrived at the scene to inspect the
state of the territory, which in the near future will be returned to Kazakhstan.
Yensegenov said that in December of this year, the government of Kazakhstan
would complete the drafting of a document, according to which from January next
year, the residents of Atyrau Region can rightfully take possession of the land.

Currently, the territory, leased by Russia, is home to about half a million
residents of Atyrau Region. The portal reports that, in accordance with the
agreements, the land given for the ground cannot be handed over for use by any
legal or natural persons, i.e., Kazakhstan's citizens living in the area are
deprived of the right to legalise their land and homes. For example, about a
thousand villagers in Taysoygan cannot obtain the documents confirming the right
to home ownership. In all, there are about 150 houses in the village. The same
situation is observed in Sarymayshagyl village of Inder District. Since the
ownership of the land is not available, it is impossible to create farms.

According to the senator, first of all, the land will give a new impetus to the
development of entrepreneurship in rural areas, as local communities have more
than 40 farms. "Now the villagers will be able to take out loans to develop
their businesses, leasing, and will be able to rent the returned land and
register the land plots as private property to develop agriculture," the
official said.

According to the publication, for the lease of the ground the Kazakh government
used to get 4m dollars a year. Earlier, it was reported that Russia stopped the
lease of the Emba military ground in Kazakhstan. Russian Defence Minister Sergei
Shoygu signed the relevant document about the termination of the contracts
between the parties on the terms of use and rent of the Emba ground in the
Republic of Kazakhstan. In line with the document, more than 300,000 hectares of
the land will be freed from for the military ground used by the Russians.

Source: Tengrinews website (www.tengrinews.kz), Almaty, in Russian 1426 gmt 1
Nov 16

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Failure a Week Forecast for Iowa If Crisis Continues

                            February 8, 1985, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Fifty banks could fail in Iowa this year if nothing is done to ease the farm
credit crisis, according to a prime mover in a campaign to set up a state farm
guarantee authority.

But bankers dispute that view, saying that while more banks will fail in Iowa
than last year, that number should be nowhere near 50. Three banks failed in the
state in 1984.

''Our banks are at risk,'' said David Nagle, Democratic state chairman and a
driving force behind finding a solution. ''Some estimate 12 banks will fail this
year, some estimate 50.''

Mr. Nagle, who called a summit meeting of various farm and state groups to
discuss the farm crisis last week, had been quoted in Iowa newspapers as saying
if no action was taken, the state could lose one bank a week.

''I'm comfortable with that figure,'' he said in a telephone interview Tuesday.

But Howard Hall, deputy superintendent of the Iowa Banking Department, replied:
''I don't think we've ever said 50 banks will fail. The only thing we've said is
we could easily lose more than we did last year, which was three.

''We're not predicting anything,'' he added. ''We have no crystal ball.''

Thomas Huston, state banking superintendent, has said in state legislative
hearings that 133 of the state's 670 banks have ''more than normal problems.''
But he did not specify what portion of those banks were in danger of failing.

Mr. Nagle called a meeting of farm and state labor groups in Des Moines last
Saturday. It produced a consensus on a legislative plan of action that would
allow farmers to get operating loans for the coming year. Various studies have
shown that between 15% and 20% of the state's 115,000 farmers won't be able to
get operating loans in 1985, Mr. Nagle said.

''Farmers need the money by March 1,'' he said, adding that ''critical action''
must be taken to get them these loans within the next 30 days.

Among the groups attending the meeting were the Iowa Federation of Labor, Iowa
State Education Association, Iowa Association of Realtors, Iowa Farm Unity
Coalition, American Agriculture Movement, National Farmers Organization, and the
Iowa Farmers Union.

The Iowa Bankers Association was invited to the meeting but opted not to attend.

The meeting drafted a legislative proposal that calls for the state to guarantee
farm loans for farmers who can't get conventional financing. The guarantee would
be for 80% of the loan and would require the farmer to get federal crop
insurance. Funding for the guarantee authority would come from a surtax on
corporate and personal income taxes.

''The consensus was that since the whole state is involved, they all should bear
the cost,'' Mr. Nagle said.

The cost to the state is estimated to be about $30 million, requiring a surtax
of between 2% and 4%. Mr. Nagle said the surtax wouldn't have to be imposed
until after the results of the coming crop year are known.

''The theory behind [the state guarantee] is that it gives everybody another
year, because at least they've got an operating loan,'' he said.

A draft of the proposal was introduced jointly in the state's Legislature this
week, and was also given to Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad. ''The reception so far has
been good,'' Mr. Nagle said.

The group also looked at a variety of other proposals, including buy-down of
interest rates on existing farm loans, making Iowa land available for corporate
ownership, and calling for a debt moratorium. No consensus was reached on any of
those issues.

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 580 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              612 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 12, 1993 Friday

Ontario co-op ends   ownership of chain   Local co-ops to buy most of 86 stores

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 323 words

DATELINE: Mississauga ONT


Canadian Press
  MISSISSAUGA
 The United Co-operatives of Ontario -known in rural areas as "the Co-op"
- has dissolved common ownership of its retail chain of 86 stores to
return to its roots as a farm-supply wholesaler.

"It didn't make sense for us to be a wholesaler to a bunch of
independent member co-ops and also to ourselves in retails that often
competed with the member co-ops," Gordon Cummings, the co-operative's
chief executive officer, said following the organization's annual meeting.

Delegates voted to cancel almost $12-million in common shares owned by
a number of independent co-operatives and 49,000 individuals, most of them
store customers.

Since it announced plans last year to sell its retail chain - worth an
estimated $60-million - independent co-operatives throughout the province
have offered to buy out all but three of the co-operative's retail stores.

The future is still uncertain for stores in Milton, west of Toronto,
Guelph, and Powassan near North Bay, Mr. Cummings said.

The money-losing stores are best owned locally, he said.

"We've been, for the last 25 years, trying to operate a whole lot of
retail points and it hasn't worked. People do not relate as well to
something that's operated from what is seen to be an aloof point in
Mississauga as opposed to local ownership."

The co-operative has floundered financially for the past few years and
posted a $1.65-million loss this week for the fiscal year ended last
September. Last month, the federal and provincial governments wrote off
more than $9-million in loans and guarantees.

About 500 of the co-operative's 800 employees work in the stores but
Mr. Cummings expects few job losses. Similarly, about 50 scheduled job
cuts at the co-operative's head office in Mississauga will likely be
offset by expansion at member co-operatives, he said.

The co-operative will continue wholesaling farm-supply and petroleum
products to about 130 locations throughout the province, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 14, 1981 Monday

A new partnership holds out fresh hope   for reviving an old farm equipment firm

BYLINE: PETER COOK; GAM

LENGTH: 742 words


By  PETER COOK
   White Farm Equipment Canada Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., managed to start up
 the production line at its Brantford plant six months ago only after a
 hurried rescue effort that saved the manufacturing company from being
 permanently closed.

The co-operation of a number of interested parties was required to
 reorganize an old U.S.-owned company and create its successor - Canadian
 and U.S. companies, which purchased the assets, the federal and Ontario
 governments, which enticed them in with loans and loan guarantees, and
 members of the United Auto Workers, who agreed to a three-year wage
 agreement and to employment terms that would mean a substantially scaled-
 down work force.

Nevertheless, despite these problematic beginnings and despite the
 well-advertised difficulties of others in the same industry, White's
 president Andrew Zaleski is confident that annual sales in the year to
 April, 1982, will be $150-million - only slightly down on past years - and
 that the company will be profitable thereafter. He is anticipating sales
 of $300-million by 1985.

To date, Mr. Zaleski said, the business plan that led to the
 reconstitution of White under majority Canadian ownership has stayed on
 course. There have been some potential setbacks. At the end of March, when
 the new company was formed, it was impossible to predict that interest
 rates would rise so rapidly or that the Canadian dollar would weaken so
 much.

These two events have caused Mr. Zaleski to revise some projections, to
 adopt more rigorous inventory control policies and to slice into
 overheads. But he still maintains that "financially, everything is going
 according to plan."
    The rescue of White Farm was made necessary after the bankruptcy of its
 U.S. parent, White Motor Corp. of Farmington Hills, Mich. In Canada, White
 Farm went into interim receivership in September, 1980; the Brantford
 plant, which employed 1,200 workers, was closed.

Subsequently, local creditors accepted 85 cents on the dollar on
 unsecured claims and an attempt was made to find purchasers for all of
 White's Canadian interests.

The farm equipment company's advantages to a prospective buyer included
 a long and distinguished history (as the heir to such farm equipment
 companies as Cockshutt, Minneapolis-Moline and Oliver); an established
 network of 180 dealers, with another 50 dealers under a Quebec
 distributor; and manufacturing and marketing arrangements that linked its
 combine production to tractor and implement output by White's U.S. plants,
 enabling it to provide dealers with a full line of farm equipment.

In addition, the Canadian company had spent a great deal of money
 developing large-capacity axial flow combines. Its 9700 model, which
 retails for $150,000, is one of the most sophisticated and costly farm
 machines, and one of the most profitable.

By last December, TIC Investment Corp., a private Dallas-based company,
 had taken over White farm equipment operations in the United States.

However, the sale of assets in Canada was to take longer. Through
 Shielding Investments Ltd. of Toronto, White's heavy truck manufacturing
 operations in Kelowna, B.C., were sold for $30-million to Nova Corp. and
 Bow Valley Industries Ltd., both of Calgary.

These companies were not interested in the farm equipment division. An
 internal management group led by Mr. Zaleski, who had been president under
 White, entered the bidding, but they eventually stood aside.

With Ottawa's Enterprise Development Board and the Ontario Government
 prepared to provide about $20-million in new financing, a Canadian partner
 was found and Linamar Machine Ltd. of Guelph, Ont., came forward to pick
 up 50.1 per cent of the new company. The balance of 49.9 per cent was
 taken by TIC Investment.

The arrangement satisfied all partners, furnishing a majority Canadian
 owner to justify government involvement and guaranteeing a strong
 shareholding by TIC, which would provide distribution operations in the
 United States.

After agreement with the unions, 400 workers were recalled to start up
 production again. In June, the first combines were ready for shipping to
 the dealers. During the lengthy period while the factory had been idle,
 White dealers had continued to do business, using up inventories of farm
 equipment that had piled up.
    "Because of high inventories, and because 1980 was not the best year
 for the industry anyway, the dealers were able to keep selling to farmers
 all through," Mr. Zaleski said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              March 2, 2007 Friday

Frank Wants Say In Farm Credit Bid

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3 Vol. 172 No. 42

LENGTH: 372  words


The chairman and ranking member of the House Financial Services Committee

said this week that they are opposed to any significant expansion of the Farm

Credit System's lending authority.

The government-sponsored Farm Credit System, which can make home loans

only in rural areas with up to 2,500 residents, is seeking to increase the

threshold to 50,000. System lenders want such a provision -- which banks are

strongly against -- to be included in the next farm bill.

Though House Financial Services has no jurisdiction over farm policy

legislation, chairman Barney Frank, D-Mass., and ranking minority member,

Spencer Bachus, R-Ala., wrote in a letter to the House Agriculture Committee

that their committee would want to be consulted "before any legislation is

considered to authorize such an expansion."

The proposed changes would "clearly violate the original mandate of the

Farm Credit System and exceed the jurisdictional purview of the Committee on

Agriculture" the letter said.

Increasing the population threshold to 50,000, the letter continued,

would give Farm Credit lenders authority to make home loans in such affluent

communities as Beverly Hills, Darien, Conn., and McLean, Va.

"In particular, the Farm Credit System's plans to finance suburban

housing, condominium projects, hospitals, pet resorts and vacation homes

would fundamentally change its charter and mission at the expense of those

people it was established to serve," the letter said. (A copy of the letter

is available with this story at www.americanbanker.com.)

Floyd Stoner, the chief lobbyist for the American Bankers Association,

said that the ABA had nothing to do with the letter but that it was "pleased"

Reps. Frank and Bachus "expressed concern about the potential expansion of

this government-sponsored enterprise."

He said the letter may have been prompted by bankers contacting their

members of Congress about the Farm Credit System.

"We will keep explaining to anyone who will listen how this ... is an

unfortunate expansion beyond their charter mission," Mr. Stoner said.

Kenneth E. Auer, the president of the Farm Credit Council, a trade group

for Farm Credit lenders, had not returned a reporter's call by press time.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                    The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                             March 18, 2001, Sunday

Battlers' tale hits home

BYLINE: KATHY McCABE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 307 words


ACTOR Greta Scacchi -- along with most Australians -- harbours a deep suspicion
of banks.

But her feelings turned even darker after she filmed the ABC mini-series The
Farm, with Colin Friels, which begins tonight.

The three-part drama is based on the struggles of rural communities to stay on
the land in the mid-1980s, when the dollar dived and they were unable to repay
crippling foreign loans.

Liz (Scacchi) and Tom Cooper (Friels) decide to fight back and, against the
advice of everyone, sue their bank for failing to disclose the risks of the
dodgy loan.

"I remember reading the headlines when people were being thrown off their farms
and it was all about these bank loans and interest rates, and seemed very hard
to understand," Scacchi says.

"Then I read the script, and what had happened came to life. It's so shocking,
and you feel terrible for not having paid attention to what these people were
going through.

"At least 50 per cent of the characters of rural Australia are gone now.
Homesteads that were in families for generations are now under foreign
ownership.

"Your whole view of banks being a service on the High Street turns very, very
ugly."

The Farm reunited Scacchi with director Kate Woods, with whom she worked on the
award-winning Looking For Alibrandi, the acclaimed actor's first Australian
movie for several years.

"I've been always been attracted to doing Australian stories, but there was a
bit of a dearth of offers from here," she says.

Filming The Farm also gave Scacchi an opportunity to re-acquaint herself with
the Australian bush.

"I've always travelled a lot in the countryside here, and it was a fantastic
area where we were working on The Farm," she says.

"But I was a little peeved that it was decided to shoot a historical summer
drought in the middle of winter."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STE

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              616 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                 March 31, 2000

No Land Rush Without Land Code

BYLINE: By Yevgenia Borisova

SECTION: No. 1930

LENGTH: 1364 words


Staff Writer

The Samara region adopted three laws a year ago that together were to make it
possible to buy and sell land there, and local officials proclaimed their region
would soon be a blossoming garden. Since then, not a single patch of
agricultural land has been sold. The Saratov region adopted its own laws on land
sales even earlier, two years ago, earning international headlines. Saratov
Governor Dmitry Ayatskov was even talked up by then-President Boris Yeltsin as a
future president, and Yeltsin introduced Ayatskov to a visiting Bill Clinton as
"my favorite governor." Since then, a mere 68 parcels of Saratov land totaling
5,029 hectares - about 0.06 percent of the region's agricultural land - have
been sold.

One reason why these much-discussed local experiments with privately held land
have faltered is that local laws cannot act in a federal legislative vacuum.

The Russian Constitution mandates that land can be privately owned, but the
legislative framework - a package of legislation collectively referred to as the
Land Code - is still under consideration in parliament.

At the same time, agricultural land across the nation is sinking into ever
-worse neglect with each passing year, with about 80 percent of the nation's
24,000 state or collective farms and 270,000 private farms believed to be
insolvent. And if the grain harvest in 1992 was 106.9 million tons, these days
it hovers in the 50 million to 60 million ton range.

Since it seems unlikely that the government will soon step forward with massive
new subsidies to invest in the farms, many see carefully regulated land
privatizations as an answer.

The argument is that farmers could borrow from banks, using land mortgages as
collateral, to pay for the seeds and fuel and equipment desperately needed to
put their farms back on their feet as going concerns. The government's role
could come in encouraging banks to invest in agriculture - either with tax
incentives or by setting up quasi-private farm banks for the purpose.

"Getting the Land Code out (of parliament), straightening out mortgage laws and
creating (farm) mortgage banks is crucial. If the government does not resolve
this issue at the federal level, no single region will be able to resurrect
agriculture," said Alexander Vlasov, head of Samara's Land Resources Committee.

Landing Putin Some form of land privatization may well be a key plank in the
economic policies of the new Kremlin.

Just a few hours after it became clear Monday that Vladimir Putin had been
elected, two leading former Cabinet ministers - economist Yevgeny Yasin, now
director of the economic Expert Institute, and law officer Sergei Stepashin, now
head of the State Duma's anti-corruption committee - announced their opinion
that Putin's major economic reform tasks would be the passing of a new Land Code
and of a completed national Tax Code.

In mid-March, the acting president told a meeting of the Agrarian Party, "If
land can be given a real khozyain (master), there will be order and wealth." But
with elections just weeks away, Putin coyly did not elaborate on what he meant
by khozyain - a rightful owner able to sell or mortgage his land, a renter or
simply an effective and conscientious manager. Moreover, Putin's allies in the
Duma also postponed a mid-March hearing on the Land Code - which has been under
debate for four years now - until later this spring.

"The (political) cost of issues concerning land is very high in Russia because
they concern millions of the country's citizens," said Vladimir Plotnikov, head
of the Duma's land committee and an opponent of land privatization, explaining
the postponement of debate.

About 28 percent of the nation's 128.5 million hectares of agricultural land is
held privately, but the land parcels hardly ever change hands. Moreover,
according to the State Land Committee, about 20 million hectares have been left
in utter neglect and are overgrown with weeds.

"As the land market is not developed in the country, the land is not going from
ineffective users to effective. Only about 20 percent of Russian farms have
adapted to the new market conditions," said professor Vasily Uzun, chief
consultant of the All-Russia Agrarian Institute. "Another 20 percent are either
bankrupt or heading there and must be liquidated." Who Will Buy It? Some,
including the Communists and Agrarians, worry that if the sale of agricultural
land is allowed, then land parcels will be sold for a song by peasants who will
then be left impoverished. Other arguments advanced against land sales are that
land tracts will be bought up by New Russians and foreigners, who will use the
land for something other than agriculture.

In Saratov, however, neither foreigners nor the new rich have stepped forward to
buy land - and for Oleg Zakovryagin, deputy head of the Saratov Land Committee,
said in a telephone interview from Saratov that he would welcome either category
of investor.

"I would like some rich people, including foreigners, to buy our land and to
invest in it," he said. "Those who know how to work the land have no money to
invest into it, and the land is getting worse and worse." Pyotr Teikhrib, who
runs the Komsomolskoye state farm in the Orenburg region of the Ural Mountains,
is more cautious. Like many collective farm workers, Teikhrib still keeps
Vladimir Lenin's portrait in his office. And he worries about what would happen
if the agriculture sector were to be subjected to privatization a la Russe.

"Just look at what happened with industry (under the government's privatization
program)," he said. "Where is the property of the best enterprises? With the
richest people." Teikhrib agrees that land must be sold, but he believes land
sales should be regulated, with ownership contingent on the land being used for
agriculture.

Viktor Stepovoi, head of the Put Lenina farm in the neighboring Ural Mountains
region of Chelyabinsk, agreed.

"We really need land legislation that will allow land to be sold and used as
collateral for mortgages," Stepovoi said. "Then we will not be begging with
outstretched hands for seeds and fuel from local governments - we will give land
to banks (in the form of mortgages) and take loans. It may happen that at first
we will not be able to repay the loan. Well, then we will not get back our land.

"But ultimately we would become masters of our own land, and we would hire only
those who really work," he added.

A Careful Code The current Land Code, which was passed in 1991, does not allow
for private land ownership, and in that it contradicts the Constitution.

A 200-page draft Land Code to replace the Soviet-era one is now under discussion
in the Duma. This draft - put together by the Agrarians and Communists - would
allow land ownership only to those who have leased and worked the parcel of land
in question as farmers for 10 years. Land owners would also have to pass an
agricultural qualifying exam. And even then, they could only own a parcel of
land that could be worked by an individual.

This draft is the one that has been in committee since 1996. But a new Land Code
draft, prepared by a group of Duma deputies from the Union of Right Forces, or
SPS, has now stepped forward to compete with it. The SPS Land Code draft only
puts one condition on land sales, which is that agricultural lands must be used
for agricultural purposes.

"If the draft being lobbied by the Communists and the Agrarians is to be
approved, that would mean that agriculture in our country would not develop for
the next 10 or 20 years," said Vladimir Golovlyov, a Duma deputy from the SPS
faction and one of the authors of the SPS draft.

According to Goskomzem, at least 20 laws must be passed along with the Land Code
to develop the Land Code regulations including the law that will strictly divide
federal, regional and municipal lands, on regulation of land deals, on the land
register and land assessment, on prevention of speculation with land parcels and
on mortgaging of land. The drafts of most of the laws have already been prepared
but are hindered by the absence of a new Land Code.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 2000 Independent Press


                              617 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday
                              WeeklyTimes Edition

Crowd to fund new option

BYLINE: By PETER HEMPHILL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 430 words


CROWD-FUNDING could become an approved source of finance for farming operations
if the Federal Government relaxes regulations on funding limits.

It is one of the innovative solutions to financing farms in the latest
Australian Farm Institute report.

The institute said bank loans were the normal source of finance and often the
cheapest, but there were alternatives.

"There is an interest among farm business operators in -exploring more
diversified -options for obtaining capital," the report said.

"The demand for alternative financing models is being driven by the desire for a
more liquid market for investment in agriculture, which will enable new entrants
at both a retail and institutional level." Australian farm debt had risen from
about $10 billion to $60 billion over the past 25 years, but the proportion of
gross farm income required to service the debt had remained constant at about
seven cents of each dollar of income.

Report co-author and AFI research manager Richard Heath said several -finance
options had emerged overseas but were not yet in Australia.

Mr Heath said alternative models abroad included those that separated the
ownership of farm assets from the operation of the business - farmland leasehold
and rental models - crop and livestock loans, which provided short-term
operational funding, and share-farming agreements, where parties had an equity
share in the business.

"The level of risk experienced by Australian farm businesses is probably a major
factor limiting alternative funding models, as a healthy balance sheet with
plenty of additional borrowing capacity is the best defence Australian farmers
have available to manage risk," he said.

"By contrast, there are a number of other risk management options available to
overseas farmers - for example, the crop and income insurance schemes that
operate in North America - making it easier for new entrants, and also providing
the basis for alternative funding models." The AFI report said crowd-funding was
relatively new but was rapidly increasing. "At first glance, crowd-funding for
capital to invest in agriculture would seem to be a pathway to a practically
limitless source of funds; however, the regulations around equity crowd-funding
limit its applicability for agriculture," it said.

The report said Federal Government regulatory changes introduced last December
limited crowd-funding to 50 investors per business.

It is available only to -unlisted companies with assets or income less than $5
million.Other potential sources of funds are real estate investment trusts and
superannuation funds.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekly Times


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday

NATION'S BLACK FARMERS STILL AWAIT JUSTICE

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 811 words


"Mr. John Moses Bonner, 87, of 16119 Courthouse Road, Dinwiddie, Va., entered
eternal rest on Sunday, April 11, 2010, at Southside Regional Center," reads an
April 14 obituary in the Progress-Index in Dinwiddie, Va. "Mr. Bonner was a
member of Mount Level Baptist Church, where he served as the chairman of the
trustee ministry and was a member of the adult Sunday School Class until his
health began to decline.

"He retired from Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. However, farming was his
life-long passion. He served on the Farm Service Committee for 18 years. He was
also one of the original pioneers of the Black Farmers' Movement."

For people outside of tiny Dinwiddie, the life and death of Bonner mean nothing.
He was just a simple old black farmer.

But to John Wesley Boyd Jr., president of the National Black Farmers
Association, the life and death of Bonner epitomize the enduring legacy of
racial injustice in the United States. Boyd, who owns a 300-acre poultry farm in
Baskerville, not far from Dinwiddie, knew Bonner as a child. He saw Bonner and
other black farmers in Virginia fail to get the same loans from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture that white farmers got with ease.

During the early 1980s, Boyd watched as men such as Bonner began a movement to
persuade the USDA to treat them the way white farmers were treated. Nothing
happened. Then, in 1997, Timothy Pigford, a North Carolina black farmer, filed a
lawsuit against the USDA alleging that between 1983 and 1997, the agency treated
black farmers unfairly in decisions to allocate price support loans, disaster
payments, operating loans and farm ownership loans. Then-Secretary of
Agriculture Dan Glickman was the defendant.

In 1999, Pigford and about 2,000 other farmers in the class action settled for
$50,000 apiece to avoid prolonged litigation. Thousands of other black farmers
were unaware of the Pigford vs. Glickman class-action lawsuit and missed the
deadline for filing. The USDA disqualified thousands of others. Boyd led an
effort, known as the Black Farmers Late Claim Bill, to ensure that some 80,000
black farmers would receive compensation.

As a candidate for president, Sen. Barack Obama co-sponsored a bill allowing
black farmers to seek new discrimination claims against the USDA. But as
president, Obama has softened his support and backed away from the decades-old
cause.

In January, the administration announced a $1.2 billion agreement to settle the
claims against the USDA, one of the biggest civil rights settlements ever.
Congress was given a March 31 deadline to approve the funds. Lawmakers
conveniently left Washington on March 23 for a two-week break, thereby missing
the deadline for approving the funds.

Boyd tried to get the administration to declare the settlement an emergency, but
that move failed. It would have freed Congress from the so-called "pay-go"
requirement to reduce budgets for other programs that fund the payments. Obama
refused to give the settlement emergency designation, a move that Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi support.

Boyd's most recent trip to Washington went nowhere. As one who considers Obama
to be a friend after their relationship during the presidential campaign, Boyd
reluctantly blames the president for stalling the funding.

"I'm not going to tell you that I like the president because I love the
president, the first African-American president in history," Boyd said during a
telephone interview from Washington. "The president had a chance to finish the
job for black farmers, but he is caught up in the race thing. The administration
wants to stay away from race and show the president as a world leader. I do,
too. But this is one of those issues about right and wrong, and it goes back to
slavery in this country. Obama shouldn't shy away from it. It's black history.
He should've known Mr. Bonner.

"When we had our White House meeting, they said they couldn't push this as an
emergency with the president's approval. Well, when you're dying and you don't
have operating money and going out of business, that is an emergency. That
pattern is all over the country for black farmers. I'm not a minister, but I've
delivered the eulogies of several black farmers over the past year. I delivered
Mr. Bonner's eulogy. He died looking for the settlement. At this rate, his two
sons, who are farmers, will die looking for justice. That is unfair."

Boyd and other organizers said they will have to restart their "street movement"
to get the administration's attention. "The president may not want to address
race with the black farmers publicly with the energy that he advocated for the
health care legislation," Boyd said. "But he needs to advocate for us and finish
the job. The old black farmers, like John Moses Bonner, are dying off. How many
more eulogies will I deliver before we see some justice?"

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                             July 1, 2009 Wednesday

Triumphant citrus farmers pay off loan in record time

BYLINE: Sipho Masondo

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 609 words


Kirkwood trust shows 'there are examples of successful black empowerment and
land reform'
  HERALD REPORTER
 masondos@avusa.co.za
 IN an overwhelming success for agricultural empowerment, a group of 59 emerging
farmers in the Eastern Cape handed over a cheque for R2,7-million yesterday to
finalise payment for a citrus farm.


 Through the Land Redistribution for Agricultural Development (LRAD) scheme and
loans from the Land Bank the group - known as the Luthando Workers Trust -
acquired a 137 hectare farm in Kirkwood in 2004 and since then they have worked
efficiently and tirelessly, not only to ensure the continued success of the
enterprise, but also to pay off their debt burden at the Land Bank.
 The then Department of Land Affairs - through LRAD, a form of financial
assistance by government to help prospective farmers to purchase land - gave the
beneficiaries R20000 each, and the Land Bank loaned them the remainder to
purchase 75% shares on the farm, which sold for about R8-million. Luthando Trust
chairman Ivy Mzamo, who is also the farm's production assistant manager, said
she was happy that they were now debt free.
 "Today we are settling all our debt, we are now debt free, and we will be
working for ourselves and our families.
 "I feel like we only bought the farm today. We knew we owned the farm but at
the back of our minds we always had this thing that, should something go wrong,
the Land Bank would repossess the farm and auction it to recoup its money. As
long as you owe someone, you can't fully own anything."
 Mzamo's fears are not unfounded. In March, The Herald reported that the Land
Bank had repossessed and auctioned a handful of farms from emerging farmers in
the Sundays River Valley, Patensie and Hankey areas, as they struggled to meet
their monthly commitments.
 "We are happy that the we have repaid the loan in a few years," Mzamo said,
adding that what made the farmers succeed was their willingness to be mentored
and to learn. They were mentored by Hermanus Potgieter, who was the previous
owner of the farm, and held the remaining 25%.
 However, his five- year contract expired last year, and the trust sold his 25%
shares to the Sunday River Citrus Company (SRCC), with the view to acquire more
technical farming skills, expertise and know-how from SRCC in the next five
years.
 "We agreed to be taught what we didn't know. We knew how to pick oranges, but
we didn't have the technical skills. People must be willing to learn. Don't
think you know while you know nothing. Running and managing a farm is not easy."

 The SRCC's Phillip du Plessis said the aim of the agreement with Luthando was
to ensure that, at the end of the five-year period, the Workers Trust would have
100% ownership of the farm.
 Teamwork is an important factor in the success of any farming operation. Every
person, from the manager of the farm to the seasonal workers, play a role in
achieving the success. The aim of black empowerment is to improve the lives of
previously disadvantaged individuals. Unfortunately, this does not take place
overnight and is brought about through a long process. The SRCC and Luthando
have collectively shared in this goal, said Du Plessis.
 He said Luthando's achievement was phenomenal in that they were able to take
"this big step in repaying a 20-year land bank loan in only five years. "There
are few farms I am aware of that have enough of a cash flow to be in a position
to settle a R3- million loan. Luthando has proven that there are in fact
examples of successful black empowerment and land reform."
 HARD WORKERS... Phillip du Plessis and Ivy Mzamo with the cheque handed over to
the Land Bank.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 12, 1999, Friday

USDA almost running on empty, Glickman says

BYLINE: BY JANELLE CARTER

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A rush of farmers borrowing money to handle debt after a year of low prices has
nearly depleted federal loan money, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said.

The agency is preparing numbers to formally request additional money from
Congress, Mr. Glickman told a Senate committee Tuesday.

""Our funding will be exhausted in the next few weeks,'' Glickman said. ""
Demand is outrunning our funding.''

He said the agency has not decided how much money to request but said it may be
as much as $100 million, plus additional money to assist Puerto Rico, which was
hit hard by Hurricane Georges last year.

Agency officials said they hoped to prepare paperwork to submit to the White
House in the next few days.

Farmers have been forced to seek more loans to restructure debt after a year in
which prices in some sectors dipped to record lows. Hog farmers, for instance,
saw prices drop as low as $8 a hundredweight in December.

""There are lines. There is a waiting period,'' Mr. Glickman said of the Farm
Service Agency offices in various states that administer USDA loans.

Last week, a coalition of farm groups wrote the Clinton administration and
Congress warning of the impending crisis.  ""The continuation of low prices for
virtually all commodities and livestock - as well as natural disaster which
occurred in 1998 - has dramatically increased the demand for funding through
guaranteed loan programs,'' the groups wrote. Many states have already depleted
their allotment of funds, the groups said.

Demand has increased 26 percent for the guaranteed operating loan, 160 percent
for the interest assistance program and 92 percent for the guaranteed farm
ownership program, the groups said.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              621 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday

In short

SECTION: FINANCE; Other Stories; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 535 words


Other finance stories in brief

US House passes $146bn stimulus plan

The US House of Representatives approved a $146 billion (EUR 98.8 billion)
economic stimulus plan aimed at averting recession in part by sending tax-rebate
cheques to about 111 million Americans.

Lawmakers voted to approve legislation that would also expand investment tax
breaks for business and add capital to the slumping mortgage market by allowing
federally chartered firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to buy mortgages above the
current federal limit.

House leaders negotiated the stimulus plan with US president George W Bush.

The House vote sends the Bill to the Senate, where some senators said they would
try to alter the House version, potentially delaying passage.

Senate majority leader Harry Reid, a Democrat, wants to complete work on the
legislation by the end of the week, his spokesman said. - (Bloomberg)

Online ad spend 'lags behind UK'

Spending on online advertising in Ireland is expected to hit just 3.6 per cent
of overall media budgets, or EUR 55 million, this year.

Research firm iReach said this significantly lagged behind the UK, where online
attracts 12 per cent of the overall advertising spend.

Ictu secretary joins Aer Lingus board

Trade union leader David Begg has been appointed to the board of Aer Lingus as a
non-executive director.

The airline said yesterday that Mr Begg, the general secretary of the Irish
Congress of Trade Unions, had been appointed by the Aer Lingus Employee Share
Ownership Trust.

Mr Begg, who is also a director of the Central Bank, takes up his appointment
with immediate effect.

Circle Oil signs Egypt farm-in deal

Circle Oil has signed a farm-in agreement with Vegas Oil and Gas SA for the
exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons in Egypt.

The agreement, which covers the NW Gemsa block 300km (186 miles) south of Cairo,
is subject to ratification by the Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation.

Under the agreement, Vegas will be the operator of the project with a 50 per
cent interest, while Circle Oil and Premier Oil will hold 40 per cent and 10 per
cent respectively. No value was put on the deal.

African Diamonds project financed

African Diamonds says it has finance in place to develop its AK6 prospect in
Botswana. The AIM- and Botswana-listed company's annual general meeting was told
that production would commence at the mine at the end of 2009 and that the
company's joint exploration venture with De Beers was ongoing.

Decisions are expected on two prospects in the next six months. The meeting was
also told the company had cash reserves of £3 million (EUR 4.04 million).

Ebay to target fraudulent sellers

Ebay has unveiled some of the most stringent measures in its 12-year history to
target unreliable and fraudulent sellers, marking what executives of the world's
biggest e-commerce company have conceded will be a controversial bid to revive
its flagging growth.

The changes are part of a broader overhaul by John Donahoe, who takes over as
chief executive at the end of March, to move beyond the "flea market" culture on
which the company was founded, but which has started to hold it back as internet
commerce has become mainstream. - (Financial Times service)

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2012

FSA offers new options for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 453  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) is working harder than ever to assist new
farmers and ranchers. FSA State Executive Director Craig Schauna-man recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Schaunaman. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through
this challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit,
minimal credit history, and less collateral make it difficult for new and
smaller farmers in South Dakota to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The program offers two options, one that guarantees up to
three annual installment payments on the contract and one that guarantees 90
percent of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used in the
purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"South Dakota farmers represent all walks of life, as well as a wide variety of
backgrounds and ages," notes Schaunaman. "This program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in South Dakota, and we encourage producers to
visit with us to determine if FSA can assist with their individual needs," he
said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Schaunaman
also recommends that people considering a farming career visit the new USDA
website www.start2farm. gov to learn more about loan programs available for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

For additional information about FSA programs, contact your local FSA office or
visit us online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office
of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W.,
Stop 9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992
(English) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or
(800) 845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay).

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2012 The New Era


                              623 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2010 The Financial Post Company
                        Financial Post Corporate Survey

                          Village Farms Income Fund
                                  Ticker: VFF

                                  4700 80 St
                            Delta, BC,    V4K 3N3
                      (604) 940-6012    FAX:(604) 940-6312


CUSIP:        92707W
SIC CODES:    0182
EXCHANGE:     TSX
TYPE:         Industrial
INCORPORATED: British Columbia, November 10, 2003
EMPLOYEES:    1200 as at Dec. 2008

COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Produces and markets greenhouse-grown produce in North America,
primarily beefsteak tomatoes, on-the-vine and cherry tomatoes at its
facilities in Canada and the United States. Also purchases and
distributes tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers in the United States
and Canada, that are produced by other greenhouse growers located in the
United States, Canada and Mexico.
Operations are carried out through wholly owned Village Farms Canada
Limited Partnership which owns and operates seven greenhouse facilities
in British Columbia and Texas, from where it produces, markets and sells
premium-quality tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers. The greenhouses
are constructed of glass, aluminum and steel, and have a total growing
area of 916,158 m(2 ) or 232 acres.
Products marketed under the Village Farms, Home Choice, Baby Beef,
From Our House To Your House, Hydroperfect, Red Splendor, Where
Freshness is Always in Season, Mini Sensations, Sinfully Sweet
Campari(TM) and Hydrobites(TM), trademarks, are sold primarily to retail
supermarket chains and dedicated fresh food distribution companies in
Canada and the United States. Owned or leased distribution centres are
located in New York, Texas, Pennsylvania, Washington and British
Columbia.
In February 2009, the fund executed a contract for the sale of its
greenhouse facility in Ringgold, Pa., and entered into a marketing
agreement with the purchaser. A gain of US$150,000 will be recorded on
the sale.
Recent Merger and Acquisition Activity
Name changed from Hot House Growers Income Fund, Nov. 1, 2006.

FISCAL YEAR END: 31

TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE: S&P/TSE COMPOSITE INDICATOR: No
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE CODE:    30202010
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE GROUP:   Agricultural Products

FINANCIAL POST RANKINGS: SALES RANK:       785
ASSET RANK:       613
INCOME RANK: 427
INDUSTRY GROUP:  FP 500
YEAR RATED:      2009
FP 500:          Yes

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES:  Wholly Owned Subsidiaries - Village Farms Canada Inc.
Delta, B.C.
holds 100.0% interest in Village Farms Canada GP Inc. Delta, B.C.;
Village Farms Operating Trust Delta, B.C. holds 100.0% interest in
Village Farms Canada Limited Partnership Delta, B.C. holds 100.0%
interest in VF Operations Canada Inc. Delta, B.C. holds 100.0% interest
in VF U.S. Holdings Inc. Del. holds 100.0% interest in Agro Power
Development, Inc. N.J.

EXECUTIVES: John R. McLernon
chr. & Trustee, Vancouver, B.C.
Michael A. DeGiglio
CEO & Trustee, Fort Davis, Tex.
Gregory J. D. McKinstry
Trustee, Vancouver, B.C.
Christopher C. Kip Woodward
Trustee, Vancouver, B.C.
Albert W. Vanzeyst
pres. & COO
Douglas King
sr. v-p, chief sales & mktg. officer
Stephen C. Ruffini
sr. v-p & CFO
Michael Bledsoe
v-p, scientific & regulatory affairs
Michael Minerva
v-p, grower rel. supply devel.
Tim Robinson
v-p, production
Paul Selina
v-p, applied research
Bret Wiley
v-p, sales
Andrew Gigante
contr.

STOCK DATA:                           Authorized (shs.) Outstanding (shs.)
Par
Trust Unit                        unlimited            13440345      ...
Special Vtg. Unit                 unlimited                 nil      ...
Exchangeable Class C                   n.a.                 nil      ...
 At Dec. 31, 2008
Trust Unit - Each unit represents an equal an undivided beneficial
interest in the assets of the fund. Each trust unit is transferable and
entitles the holder thereof to participate equally in distributions of
the fund and to one vote.
Special Voting Unit - Issued to holders of Village Farms Canada Inc.'s
exchangeable class C units. Each special voting unit entitles the holder
to a number of votes at unitholder meetings equal to the number of trust
units into which the class C shares are exchangeable. The number of
special voting units outstanding will be equal to the number of
exchangeable class C shares outstanding.
Exchangeable Class C - Issued by wholly owned Village Farms Canada Inc.
Holders of class C shares, through their ownership of special voting
units of the fund, are entitled to exchange one class C share for one
trust unit. Such exchange will not be permitted until certain conditions
regarding the EBITDA of the fund have been met. Classified as minority
interest.

DIVIDENDS: VFF.UN   unit  omitted(1)
(1). Monthly distribution normally payable in July/09 has been omitted.

OWNERSHIP: McElvaine Investment Management Ltd. held 18.3% interest, Canagro
Century Holdings Inc. held 13.9% interest at Dec. 31, 2008.

TRANSFER AGENT: Computershare Trust Company of Canada, Vancouver, B.C.

LONG TERM DEBT: Outstanding at Dec. 31, 2008:
Cdn$ capital loan(1 )..............................       US$43,709,000
US$ capital loan(2 )...............................          14,250,000
Capital lease oblig.(3 )...........................             699,000
..................................................          58,658,000
Less: Current portion..............................           3,454,000
..................................................          55,204,000
(1 ) Due Oct. 31, 2011; non-revolving variable rate loan, repayable in
48 monthly instalments of principal and interest bearing interest (2.48%
at Dec. 31, 2008).
(2 ) Due June 20, 2016; consists of fixed portion of US$14,000,000, with
interest payable at the 7-day LIBOR rate plus applicable margin, or the
one, two, three or six-month LIBOR rate plus applicable margin, or a
quoted fixed rate (quoted fixed rate and 7-day LIBOR plus applicable
margin at Dec. 31, 2008); and unfixed portion of US$250,000, bearing
interest at LIBOR plus 2.50% (2.95% at Dec. 31, 2008).
(3 ) Includes US$80,000 on interest; bears interest at rates ranging
from 6% to 8.5% and due through 2022.

EARNINGS AND FINANCES: Periods ended: .....................12M 2008-12-31
12M 2007-12-31
....................................       US$000              US$000
Operating revenue...................       133099              113755
Pre-tax income......................         6934                3200
Income taxes........................         2393                 793
Net inc. bef. disc. opers...........         4541                2407
Net inc. bef. ext. items............         4541                2407
Net income..........................         4541                2407
Net income for com. shldrs..........         4541                2407
Common dividends declared...........         8168                4079
Pref. & com. divds. declared....         8168                4079
Current assets.....................        26351               25719
Fixed assets, net...................        70489               71701
Intangibles, net....................         1508                2687
Total assets........................        99169              100992
Current liabilities.................        13159               17814
Long-term debt, net.................        55204               58828
Shareholders' equity...........        23124               18012
Cash flow...........................        17086                7819
Funds from oper. activs.............        17941                4166
Net cash position...................         4101                1620
Audit fees..........................          267                  33
Other auditor fees..................          146                 137
....................................          US$                 US$
Earns. per sh. bef. disc. opers....     0.120000            0.070000
Earns. per sh. bef. ext. items.....     0.120000            0.070000
Earnings per share.................     0.120000            0.070000
Cash flow per share.................     0.469800            0.731000
Funds from oper. activ. per sh......     0.493300            0.389000
Return of capital per unit..........     0.120000            0.120000
Total dividend per share............     0.120000            0.120000
....................................          shs                 shs
No. of shs. o/s.....................     13440345            10697304
Avg. no. of shs. o/s................     36368633            10697304
....................................            %                   %
Net profit margin...................     3.411746            2.115951
Return on equity....................    22.077985           12.536674
Return on assets....................     4.537347            2.213238
Foreign sales percent...............    76.000000           77.000000
Number of employees.................         1200                1200
 Trust unit
HISTORICAL SUMMARY
Year End               Oper. Rev.      Net Inc. Bef. Disc.       EPS
                           US$000                   US$000        US$
2008                       133099                     4541       0.12
2007                       113755                     2407       0.07
2006                        95937                     1208       0.04
2005                        62566                     5368       0.76
2004                        52002                   -21498      -3.05
 Trust unit

PRICING: Price Range - VFF.UN
Year                             High            Low          Close
2008...                         $2.92          $0.85          $1.05
2007...                         $3.62          $2.20          $2.66
2006...                         $6.25          $2.11          $2.76
2005...                         $7.85          $5.37          $5.95
2004...                        $12.00          $5.03          $5.80
2003...                        $11.04         $10.29         $11.01

CAPITAL CHANGES: During 2008, wholly owned Village Farms Canada Inc. exchanged
its issued
and outstanding 2,358,040 class C shares for a like number of ordinary
units of the fund and 385,000 units were issued on exchange of 3,850
participating preferred shares.

AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LENGTH: 396 words

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010


                              624 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

The business year in review 2015: Part II

LENGTH: 645 words


The second half of 2015 saw facelifts, expansions and new accolades for central
Aroostook County businesses and organizations.


July


Healthy Aroostook announced that Ray's Hometown Variety was recognized for their
efforts to curb marketing of tobacco to youth.


Katahdin Valley Health Center's Ashland branch celebrated its newly renovated
space with a ribbon cutting, held July 2.


Hidden Meadow Farm, a family-owned business, opened an old-fashioned country
store in downtown Bridgewater.


Pancsofar's Bridal Boutique of Presque Isle made its successful growth by
expanding to Bangor's historic downtown area.


Carquest with four locations in Aroostook County received a facelift and a new
name. Customers familiar with Carquest in Presque Isle, Caribou, became
accustomed to Advance Auto Parts adorning the businesses.


August


The County Federal Credit Union planned to expand its reach in Presque Isle with
the opening of a new operations center in the fall.


Aroostook Savings & Loan awarded two Aroostook County students scholarships
towards their college education. Recipients of $4,000 scholarships were Kristin
Macek and Ryan Lavway.


Local television news anchor/reporter Shawn Cunningham of WAGM-TV was named Ms.
New England Community Service America 2016.


S.W. Collins Co. was named as one of the 50 All Stars in the 2015 Hardware +
Building Supply Dealer All Star Project.


September


Lowe's of Presque Isle "adopted" some shelter animals for the day and offered
not only labor, but a large donation of supplies. As part of its annual Heroes
Project, donated $1,750 worth of pet food and other supplies to the Central
Aroostook Humane Society.


Machias Savings Bank of Presque Isle invested in a new branch building to
compete in Aroostook County's lending and savings business.


Maibec Lumber USA in Ashland earned the Safety and Health Achievement
Recognition Program Award (SHARP) in recognition of its rigorous safety
achievement program.


The National Association of Professional Insurance Agents (PIA) named MMG
Insurance of Presque Isle as the recipient of its prestigious 2015 Company Award
of Excellence. The presentation was made on Sept. 18 at a gala ceremony held in
conjunction with PIA's board of directors meeting in New Orleans.


October


Daigle Oil Company (DOC) announced that it is now 100 percent employee owned.
DOC transitioned from a privately held company to an employee-owned company
through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) that allows vested employees to
acquire ownership of the company and share in the company's growth and success.


Card$mart of Presque Isle had its first month in its new location, now at 631
Main Street at the corner of Park and Main, and business has been brisk, say the
owners.


Smith's Farm of Presque Isle, a sixth-generation agricultural producer,
completed a large solar project at their cooling/packing facility in Westfield.


November


The Presque Isle Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) held their annual
harvest supper and auction Oct. 22 at the Presque Isle High School cafeteria,
raising in excess of $2,000 for their annual convention.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, a growing hops business in Westfield was among four
companies in Maine to receive grant funding from USDA Rural Development.


Fresh off a multimillion-dollar expansion, Pineland Farms Potato Company of Mars
Hill entered a pretty big retail market. Pineland Farms Potato Company's mashed
potatoes became available at 28 Sam's Club stores in the Northeast.


December


Clukey's Auto Supply, one of Aroostook County's longtime independent auto parts
retailers became a part of NAPA Auto Parts.


The Northern Maine Community College Alumni and Friends Organization presented
its Torchbearer Award for 2015. Michael Thibodeau, who graduated from the
college in 1977, was chosen unanimously by the group for his outstanding
leadership of the organization and ongoing support of NMCC.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              625 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

The business year in review 2015: Part II

LENGTH: 645 words


The second half of 2015 saw facelifts, expansions and new accolades for central
Aroostook County businesses and organizations.


July


Healthy Aroostook announced that Ray's Hometown Variety was recognized for their
efforts to curb marketing of tobacco to youth.


Katahdin Valley Health Center's Ashland branch celebrated its newly renovated
space with a ribbon cutting, held July 2.


Hidden Meadow Farm, a family-owned business, opened an old-fashioned country
store in downtown Bridgewater.


Pancsofar's Bridal Boutique of Presque Isle made its successful growth by
expanding to Bangor's historic downtown area.


Carquest with four locations in Aroostook County received a facelift and a new
name. Customers familiar with Carquest in Presque Isle, Caribou, became
accustomed to Advance Auto Parts adorning the businesses.


August


The County Federal Credit Union planned to expand its reach in Presque Isle with
the opening of a new operations center in the fall.


Aroostook Savings & Loan awarded two Aroostook County students scholarships
towards their college education. Recipients of $4,000 scholarships were Kristin
Macek and Ryan Lavway.


Local television news anchor/reporter Shawn Cunningham of WAGM-TV was named Ms.
New England Community Service America 2016.


S.W. Collins Co. was named as one of the 50 All Stars in the 2015 Hardware +
Building Supply Dealer All Star Project.


September


Lowe's of Presque Isle "adopted" some shelter animals for the day and offered
not only labor, but a large donation of supplies. As part of its annual Heroes
Project, donated $1,750 worth of pet food and other supplies to the Central
Aroostook Humane Society.


Machias Savings Bank of Presque Isle invested in a new branch building to
compete in Aroostook County's lending and savings business.


Maibec Lumber USA in Ashland earned the Safety and Health Achievement
Recognition Program Award (SHARP) in recognition of its rigorous safety
achievement program.


The National Association of Professional Insurance Agents (PIA) named MMG
Insurance of Presque Isle as the recipient of its prestigious 2015 Company Award
of Excellence. The presentation was made on Sept. 18 at a gala ceremony held in
conjunction with PIA's board of directors meeting in New Orleans.


October


Daigle Oil Company (DOC) announced that it is now 100 percent employee owned.
DOC transitioned from a privately held company to an employee-owned company
through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) that allows vested employees to
acquire ownership of the company and share in the company's growth and success.


Card$mart of Presque Isle had its first month in its new location, now at 631
Main Street at the corner of Park and Main, and business has been brisk, say the
owners.


Smith's Farm of Presque Isle, a sixth-generation agricultural producer,
completed a large solar project at their cooling/packing facility in Westfield.


November


The Presque Isle Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) held their annual
harvest supper and auction Oct. 22 at the Presque Isle High School cafeteria,
raising in excess of $2,000 for their annual convention.


Aroostook Hops, LLC, a growing hops business in Westfield was among four
companies in Maine to receive grant funding from USDA Rural Development.


Fresh off a multimillion-dollar expansion, Pineland Farms Potato Company of Mars
Hill entered a pretty big retail market. Pineland Farms Potato Company's mashed
potatoes became available at 28 Sam's Club stores in the Northeast.


December


Clukey's Auto Supply, one of Aroostook County's longtime independent auto parts
retailers became a part of NAPA Auto Parts.


The Northern Maine Community College Alumni and Friends Organization presented
its Torchbearer Award for 2015. Michael Thibodeau, who graduated from the
college in 1977, was chosen unanimously by the group for his outstanding
leadership of the organization and ongoing support of NMCC.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              626 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            January 13, 2017 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Battle to recover R3.5m â[#x20ac]¨VAT refundâ[#x20ac][#x2039];
Empowerment fund criticised for not helping community projectsâ[#x20ac][#x2039]

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 622 words


The National Em-â[#x20ac]¨powerment Fund (NEF) is fighting to recoup just over
R3.5 million paid backâ[#x20ac]¨as a VAT refund to one of its beneficiaries, and
was expected to take the matter to court today.

The Orange Farm Community Trust received funding to the amount of R50m from the
NEF towards the acquisition of a 10 percent stake in a shopping mall in the
area, valued at R500m in 2014.

Four other stakeholders own the rest of the shares.

Set up in 2011, the trust had as its objective the desire to see to the
socio-economic needs of the beneficiaries, the community of Orange Farm, a
township in the Vaal area south of Joburg.

At the heart of the matter is the allegation by the trustees that the NEF had
never disbursed any funds to themâ[#x20ac]¨to assist with setting up community
projects in Orange Farm.

One of the trustees, Suzan Nteboheleng Mosia, deposed an affidavit last year,
stating that "the loan agreement does nothing more than causing immense harm to
the inter-â[#x20ac]¨ests of the Orange Farm community".

The trustees allege that any money that should accrue to the trust from their
shares of the local Eyethu Mall should not go to anyone but the trust.

Members of the community come to the trust each time they need help towards any
of their needs, but to their dismay, they invariably find that the trust is in
no position to help them.

In her affidavit, Mosia says: "The trust has no money at all. The trust has no
money to rent and pay for offices; no money to organise community meetings to
inform them about the status of the loan agreement through radio and print
announcements, among others. Simply put, the trust is dysfunctional."

She adds: "This is mainly because the applicant is in full control of the
financial administration of the loan agreement, much to the unlawful exclusion
of the other party to the loan agreement, the trust."

When rental collection agency Broll Property gets the monthly revenue from the
tenants and distributes it to the shareholders, not a cent comes into the
coffers of the trust, the trustees say.

They allege the money goes to the NEF, who do nothing for the community. This,
the trustees say, "flies in the face of the objectives upon which the National
Empowerment Fund was founded".

NEF spokesperson Moemise Motsepe says: "Driven by the NEF's mandate of growing
black economic participation in South Africa, the investment rationale was for
the purpose of supporting local economic development, promoting
entrepreneurship, property development and ownership, enabling skills transfer
and employment creation, and facilitating sustainable commercial value for the
community."

He is unable to say which specific projects, if any, the NEF's help has
established in Orange Farm.

Motsepe says of the matter: "The business has grown appreciably over the past
four years, and the NEF has relied on its vast experience and expertise as a
leading development financier to help maximise benefits for the community, an
objective to which we are steadfastly committed."

The trustees believe none of this is true. They claim their attempts to settle
their loan agreement with the NEF have been ignored.

Says Motsepe: "As a publicly funded development finance institution, the NEF has
the moral and legal obligation to ensure that the resources entrusted to its
care are used judiciously and diligently."

But it would appear that the money intended to benefit the community of Orange
Farm is excluded from this fiduciary role that the NEF champions.

Instead, all they seem intent on doing is to decide on the composition of the
trust's board, which is hardly their province.

The disputed windfall has been frozen and sits in a Nedbank account.

The bank is also cited as a respondent in the NEF summons to recover the funds.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Texas Land Bank

                              13525 Sandalwood Dr
                                Waco,  TX 76702
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (254) 772-6905
FAX: (254) 772-0401
URL: www.texaslandbank.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Texas Land Bank is a locally owned and operated Farm Credit rural financing
cooperative that was established in 1917. We are headquartered in Waco, Texas,
and have six lending offices, which serve the greater Central Texas area. Texas
Land Bank specializes in loans on farms, ranches, timberland, recreational
property, agribusinesses, rural homes, livestock, equipment and agricultural
operating needs.  2. What does it mean that Texas Land Bank is cooperatively
owned?  Everyone who obtains a loan through Texas Land Bank becomes an owner of
the association through the purchase of stock equal to two percent of their loan
amount with a maximum stock amount of $1,000 . Funds for the stock can be
included in the loan. Ownership of this stock provides you the right to
participate in the business affairs of the association, including election of
the board of directors. Traditionally, borrowers are paid patronage and/or
dividends, which further reduces the cost of borrowing for our customers.  3.
What is a Patronage?  It is a distribution of part of Texas Land Bank's net
earnings to its members. Each member's share of the patronage is based on his or
her pro rata contribution to the Land Bank's profitability. The Board of
Directors determines annually if the Land Bank will pay a patronage and what the
total amount will be.  4. Who operates Texas Land Bank?  Texas Land Bank is
supervised by a board of directors elected by the borrowers of the association.
The directors employ profession

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              628 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday

MISSION IMPOSSIBLE LEGAL BUT EXPLOSIVE PROPOSAL

BYLINE: By Marit Stinus-Remonde

LENGTH: 789 words


Thirty years ago Dodong was a young man who helped his parents in the family
coconut farm. For every 100 kg of copra that he sold he paid P15 to the
government. This coconut levy was imposed by the government in 1973.

Violations of the law were punished with fines ranging from P2,500 to P20,000.
The collected funds went to the Coconut Consumers' Stabilization Fund and the
Coconut Industry Fund. The former was used to acquire First United Bank (owned
by the father of former President Corazon Aquino), which then became the United
Coconut Producers' Bank, and several coconut oil mills, among others.

Dodong received a UCPB stock ownership certificate.

From 1979 and onward he received an annual cash dividend. However, after the
1986 EDSA uprising this stopped when corporations and assets acquired with the
use of the coconut-levy funds and ill-gotten wealth were sequestered by the
government.

On December 14, 2001, the Supreme Court, in Republic of the Philippines v.
Cocofed, ruled that the coconut-levy funds are "prima facie public in
character." This allowed the government, through the Presidential Commission on
Good Government, to replace a number of directors on the UCPB board identified
with Eduardo Cojuangco Jr. with its own people. However, before the new board
was in place by early 2002, the old board had granted loans to five coconut oil
mills identified with Mr. Cojuangco, the so-called privately owned oil mills.
The total amount lent by the UCPB to these five entities on October 30, December
13 and 14, 2001, (the same day the Supreme Court decision was promulgated) was
P3.475 billion. Common to all five mills was that the loans would be used to
refinance existing loan obligations with UCPB.

On February 15, 2002, or a week before the new board took over, the bank lent
P750 million to Asturias Chemical Industries Inc., another company identified
with Mr. Cojuangco. Lucky Star Holdings has a P1.4-billion loan with UCPB and
some other corporations belonging to the same group of companies entered into
some real-property transactions with the bank. The total amount of these
agreements and the above mentioned loans is P6.180 billion.

The UCPB is experiencing financial trouble. Mr. Cojuangco has proposed a way to
settle the P6.180-billion obligation of the five oil mills and the other
companies. He proposed that UCPB should sell shares owned by San Miguel Corp.
and apply the proceeds to the obligations of the above mentioned companies. The
market value of the shares is P6.27 billion. The SMC shares were pledged by the
five oil mills as collateral in the 2001 loan agreements.

Some of the directors think that since the ownership of the SMC shares is the
subject of a legal battle between Mr. Cojuangco and the Philippine government,
represented by the PCGG, the shares cannot be sold. Selling the shares and
applying the proceeds to loans taken by companies owned by the very same
person-Mr. Cojuangco-who the government accuses of having illegally acquired the
very same SMC shares, is illegal and immoral-if not completely absurd-if we
follow this line of thinking.

The bank sought the legal opinion of a respectable law firm, which said that the
proposal is legal. Should the courts eventually decide in favor of the
government on the issue of ownership of the SMC shares, it will be the new
owners, not the UCPB, from whom the government will recover the shares.

Mr. Cojuangco's proposal to settle the P6-billion obligations of his companies
with the UCPB has reportedly already claimed its casualties. UCBP directors who
opposed the proposal have allegedly been stripped of their directorships.
Organizations known for their support to a compromise agreement with Mr.
Cojuangco have been invited by the PCGG to replace them.

The PCGG is supporting the proposal in what is a total turnabout from the days
that it was headed by Haydee Yorac. The government has gained much ground in its
battle to recover assets acquired with the use of the coconut-levy funds and
ill-gotten wealth. Why surrender if you are about to win the war?

The proposal might be legal but it is politically explosive. The wisest thing
for the government would be to wait until the appropriate court rules with
finality on who is the rightful owner of the remaining contested SMC shares.
After all, if acquired with the use of the coconut-levy funds, the shares belong
to the government. "Coconut-levy funds," the Supreme Court said in Republic of
the Philippines v. Cocofed, "are raised with the use of the police and taxing
powers of the State." Thus, coconut-levy funds are public funds, being "taxes,
customs duties and moneys raised by operation of law for the support of the
government or for the discharge of its obligations."

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Analysis; Regulation/Government Policy; Corporate
Crime/Legal/Judicial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              629 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Suzlon to net 500cr from deal for US wind park

BYLINE: Piyush Pandey TNN

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 292 words


Mumbai: The Tulsi Tanti-led Suzlon Group has acquired the 240MW Big Sky Wind
Park located in Illinois,US,in a "no-cash" deal.It subsequently plans to sell
this wind farm to EverPower Wind Holdings.Once the deal is closed,the Pune-based
Suzlon stands to pocket Rs 500 crore.This is because Edison Mission Energy,the
current owners of Big Sky Wind Park,owed money to Suzlon but since it went into
bankruptcy,it could not pay back the Indian wind energy major.Instead,it is
transferring its 240MW wind farm to Suzlon,which the company is selling off to
EverPower,which is backed by British private equity financier Guy Hands.The
whole transaction is expected to close by mid-May.Under the terms of the
deal,Suzlon will waive off an outstanding loan of $228 million it gave to the
Californiabased Edison Mission Energy to finance wind turbines it sold to the US
company in 2009.In return,it would get the ownership of Big Sky Wind Park,and
further sell this asset to EverPower.Currently,the 240MW wind farm is valued at
over $380 million,since it costs about $1.6 million to set up one mega watt of
wind energy in the US.On Wednesday,Suzlon said its fully-owned US based
subsidiary SWECO has taken control of the Big Sky Wind Park.Before selling the
asset to EdisonPower,Suzlon will also have to settle all legal issues relating
to Big Sky Wind Park.This is part of Suzlon's recent initiatives to sell noncore
assets to cut debt.Other than this deal,Suzlon has identified 15 other non-core
assets for sale in India and overseas and expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore this
fiscal to reduce its debt,which is currently at about Rs 13,000 crore.Suzlon
shares continued to rally for the third day in a row on the BSE to close at Rs
11 in a firm market on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 June 22, 2005

Come and see the real world of farming

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 560 words


"COSSETED, feather-bedded bunch."

Really? Excuse me? An apology is due from Ms McAlpine. I couldn't believe I was
reading all this in The Herald last Thursday. I have been a farmer's wife for 39
years now. We have run a business and of course are selfemployed. No
copper-bottomed, index-linked pensions or "golden handshakes" here. Everything
we have has been earned and worked for.

Would Ms McAlpine like to be roused from her slumbers at midnight when "on a
dark and stormy night" a fence is broken, yet again, by a car crashing into it?
And goodness me, cattle may be escaping! I could go on and on with such examples
of life on a busy farm if I had the time and I am sure there is a virtual army
of farmers and their wives with similar tales to tell.

Stand up and be counted and tell Ms McAlpine to join us in the real world.

My late father-in-law (also a farmer) used to say that "one should never
criticise farmers with one's mouth full".

Food for thought.

Thank you to all our fellow supporters in Saturday's letters page giving a
truer, fairer picture. It was, indeed, a relief to read them.

Sandra J F Thomson, Yonderhaugh Farm, Bothkennar, Falkirk.

JOHN Kinnaird, the president of the Scottish farmers' union, states anent CAP
subsidies that "to remove the support system overnight . . . would be
devastating" (Letters, June 20). By far the biggest impact of such a move would
probably be to reduce inf lated land values.

Reducing the amount of capital required by new entrants to farming could
invigorate what ought to be a vital sector of the rural economy.

Agriculture is in rapid decline, despite (or because of? ) farm subsidies.

Perhaps more widespread ownership, orat least occupation, of land is one of the
remedies.

The outstanding feature of crofting tenure is that traditionally it does not
involve actual ownership. This, combined with a limited supervisory authority
and various occupier's rights, almost certainly enhances the social stability of
crofting communities.

Property speculation is also curtailed.

Crofts were never intended to provide full-time employment, but to keep people
on the land. Outwith the crofting counties that seems to be the role of many
tenanted farms now. They have little incentive to sell out, and, on smaller
units at least, external earnings are a likely requirement to maintain financial
equilibrium.

Despite Mr Kinnaird's claim of subsidy removal "putting our rural communities at
risk", the foot-andmouth fiasco proved just how unimportant farming seems to be
to the modern rural (or national) economy.

The compensation poured into farmers' pockets then didn't seem to boost the
countryside much either.

Agriculture is now a relatively minor provider of employment, even in rural
areas. Much of the outgoings, be they machinery purchase, chemicals, feedstuffs
or loan-interest, hardly touch the local communities. Given the average age of
farmers, it does not appear that current subsidies are being productively
invested for future rural benefit.

Successful economies are efficient ones, and that means utilising scarce public
resources to generate the greatest communal benefit possible.

The average owner-occupier farmer has net worth of at least pounds-500,000.

Remove all direct subsidies tomorrow and neither farmers, nor the rest of the
country, are going to starve.

Bryan H Stuart, Pitmachie, Insch, Aberdeenshire.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2005 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              631 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              July 22, 2011 Friday

Feds, Ont. to sell remaining Chrysler stake

BYLINE: postmedia news u

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 298  words


TORONTO - The federal and Ontario governments announced yesterday they will sell
their remaining interest in Chrysler Group LLC for $140 million US to Fiat SpA,
leaving Canadian taxpayers on the hook for roughly a third of the original $2.9
billion lent the Detroit automaker to keep it afloat in the depths of the
recession.

The Canadian governments said they will receive $125 million US for their
remaining ownership stake in Chrysler. They will also receive an additional $15
million US stemming from the proceeds of Fiat agreeing to buy the purchase
rights held by the U.S. Treasury on some of the shares held by the United Auto
Workers retirees' trust.

One-third of the total proceeds will go to Ontario, the rest to Ottawa. The
selling price is in line with the $500 million Chrysler agreed to pay last month
to the U.S. Treasury for its six per cent ownership stake in the automaker.

In June 2009, Chrysler emerged from bankruptcy protection with the aid of loans
from the U.S. Treasury, the two Canadian governments, and the UAW. As part of
that deal, Ottawa and Ontario lent Chrysler a total of $1.7 billion, which was
repaid in May, while also taking an equity stake in the company as collateral.

The loan, however, was in addition the $1.2 billion had already lent the "Old
Chrysler" before it filed for bankruptcy protection. Federal Finance Minister
Jim Flaherty has said none of those original loans will be recouped.

With the sale, the Canadian governments will exit their investment in Chrysler a
little more than two years after the bailout. Ottawa and Ontario have received
$2.09 billion, including $250 million interest, of the original $2.9 billion
lent to both the old and new Chrysler. That leaves taxpayers on the hook for
about $810 million for the automaker's bailouts.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Nomination deadline nears for Farm Service Agency county committees

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:


U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator
Juan Garcia reminds farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers that Aug.
1, 2014, is the deadline for local FSA county committee nominations. County
committees are an important link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to local committees
share their opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.


"There's still time for eligible farmers and ranchers to get involved in this
year's county committee elections," said Garcia. "Nominate yourself or a
candidate of your choice to serve on the local county committee. I especially
encourage the nomination of beginning farmers and ranchers, as well as women and
minorities. This is your opportunity to have a say in how federal programs are
delivered in your county."
While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they work closely with county executive directors and make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.
To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.
To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available atwww.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due
back to the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county
committee members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Nomination deadline nears for Farm Service Agency county committees

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:


U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator
Juan Garcia reminds farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers that Aug.
1, 2014, is the deadline for local FSA county committee nominations. County
committees are an important link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Farmers and ranchers elected to local committees
share their opinions and ideas on federal farm programs.


"There's still time for eligible farmers and ranchers to get involved in this
year's county committee elections," said Garcia. "Nominate yourself or a
candidate of your choice to serve on the local county committee. I especially
encourage the nomination of beginning farmers and ranchers, as well as women and
minorities. This is your opportunity to have a say in how federal programs are
delivered in your county."
While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they work closely with county executive directors and make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.
To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.
To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available atwww.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 3 and are due
back to the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. 1. The newly elected county
committee members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

State offers loan relief to black farmers;
zz Move brings new hope to Land Bank

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 482 words


The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Department is pledging to take over
operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under distress".

About 30 of the 283 farmers facing financial troubles, as identified by the Land
Bank, are to benefit from the double-pronged move, which is also intended to
salvage the Land Bank from certain collapse.

These farmers owe a total of R232m to the Land Bank, which falls under the
National Treasury. The department's spokesman, Steve Galani, said the
operational loans amounted to about R23m to cover the costs of about 30 farmers.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said at the results presentation of
the Land Bank yesterday that the new Rural Development and Land Reform
Department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of what was owed.
This was more than R200m.

The bailout of the bank was welcomed by John Purchase, the chief executive of
the Agricultural Business Chamber, and AgriSA president Johannes Moller, who
noted that the bailouts would reduce pressure on the Land Bank.

Purchase also welcomed the minister's announcement that the government would
look at merging and co-ordinating the work of the various development finance
institutions.

Purchase noted that the problem was compounded by the various institutions
targeting the same farmers in need. The co-ordination of their work would remove
unnecessary duplication.

Moller said the bailout could, in fact, rescue the land bank from going under.
But it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets to take over
the land and operational loans to the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Pettersson had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering re-establishing the agricultural credit agency that previously
existed.

This would mean that farmers could borrow money at a lower rate to pay back more
expensive loans, including from the Land Bank.

Ben Marais, the president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union, which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations on to the Rural Development and Land
Reform Department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land, and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. Marais was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Pettersson said it was of critical importance that the government would
not "just be throwing money into the problem and walking away".

The government would not allow the distortion of the normal flow of business
processes to rescue individuals who were not willing to put their shoulders
"behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, Joemat-Pettersson
noted that where farms were bought back from the Land Bank, ownership would
remain with the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

State offers loan relief to black farmers;
zz Move brings new hope to Land Bank

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 482 words


The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Department is pledging to take over
operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under distress".

About 30 of the 283 farmers facing financial troubles, as identified by the Land
Bank, are to benefit from the double-pronged move, which is also intended to
salvage the Land Bank from certain collapse.

These farmers owe a total of R232m to the Land Bank, which falls under the
National Treasury. The department's spokesman, Steve Galani, said the
operational loans amounted to about R23m to cover the costs of about 30 farmers.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said at the results presentation of
the Land Bank yesterday that the new Rural Development and Land Reform
Department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of what was owed.
This was more than R200m.

The bailout of the bank was welcomed by John Purchase, the chief executive of
the Agricultural Business Chamber, and AgriSA president Johannes Moller, who
noted that the bailouts would reduce pressure on the Land Bank.

Purchase also welcomed the minister's announcement that the government would
look at merging and co-ordinating the work of the various development finance
institutions.

Purchase noted that the problem was compounded by the various institutions
targeting the same farmers in need. The co-ordination of their work would remove
unnecessary duplication.

Moller said the bailout could, in fact, rescue the land bank from going under.
But it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets to take over
the land and operational loans to the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Pettersson had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering re-establishing the agricultural credit agency that previously
existed.

This would mean that farmers could borrow money at a lower rate to pay back more
expensive loans, including from the Land Bank.

Ben Marais, the president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union, which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations on to the Rural Development and Land
Reform Department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land, and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. Marais was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Pettersson said it was of critical importance that the government would
not "just be throwing money into the problem and walking away".

The government would not allow the distortion of the normal flow of business
processes to rescue individuals who were not willing to put their shoulders
"behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, Joemat-Pettersson
noted that where farms were bought back from the Land Bank, ownership would
remain with the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                              June 27, 1993 Sunday

Cash bonus offer

LENGTH: 371 words


HOME ownership is being pushed into the reach of more people with Hickinbotham
Homes' latest cash bonus on house and land packages at Andrews Farm and Vine
Grove, Burton.
This limited offer involves the company's Save-As-You-Build finance plan, which
has helped many first time buyers escape the rent rut.
Hickinbotham Homes' sales manager, Mr Karl Katchmar, said an increasing number
of second and third time buyers also were using the scheme.
Under the scheme, buyers save a deposit while their house is built, using a
HomeStart loan to pay the balance and settlement fees.
They also can move in within nine months or earlier if they achieve their
savings schedule.
Mr Katchmar said the price of the house and land was fixed when the contract was
signed.
"We provide a further service with our own finance company and if there is a
shortfall in the deposit, it could cover the difference," he said.
Buyers could purchase a three-bedroom Balmara house and land package at Andrews
Farm for a total of $73,390 including carport, Colorbond fencing and front
garden landscaping (based on lot 510).
They only need $1000 to start.
Under the Save-As-You-Build plan, buyers have up to nine months to save the
HomeStart deposit of $5137 (seven per cent of the HomeStart loan) which requires
a saving of $114 a week supplemented by the bonus.
With a HomeStart loan of $63,253, the buyer would only pay $122 a week after
moving in - lower than many rents.
The same house could be built at Vine Grove for $73,750 including carport (lot
69).
After $1000 was paid up front, the HomeStart deposit of $5163 could be saved in
nine months while the house is being built.
This would be $114 a week supplemented by the cash bonus from the builder.
After moving in, the buyer would pay off the HomeStart loan of $68,557 at $122 a
week.
This finance plan can be tailored to suit any of Hickinbothams' 50 designs.
The Balmara is one of six designs on display at the company's Andrews Farm
village in Hughes St.
It is open weekends 11am to 5.30pm and Monday to Thursday 1 to 5.30pm.
More details from Hickinbotham Homes on 362 6341 or ah Tony Christopher on
018-844 436.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: balmara display house; The Balmara house and land package is
available at AndrewsFarm for $73,390

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              637 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                              June 27, 1993 Sunday

Cash bonus offer

LENGTH: 371 words


HOME ownership is being pushed into the reach of more people with Hickinbotham
Homes' latest cash bonus on house and land packages at Andrews Farm and Vine
Grove, Burton.
This limited offer involves the company's Save-As-You-Build finance plan, which
has helped many first time buyers escape the rent rut.
Hickinbotham Homes' sales manager, Mr Karl Katchmar, said an increasing number
of second and third time buyers also were using the scheme.
Under the scheme, buyers save a deposit while their house is built, using a
HomeStart loan to pay the balance and settlement fees.
They also can move in within nine months or earlier if they achieve their
savings schedule.
Mr Katchmar said the price of the house and land was fixed when the contract was
signed.
"We provide a further service with our own finance company and if there is a
shortfall in the deposit, it could cover the difference," he said.
Buyers could purchase a three-bedroom Balmara house and land package at Andrews
Farm for a total of $73,390 including carport, Colorbond fencing and front
garden landscaping (based on lot 510).
They only need $1000 to start.
Under the Save-As-You-Build plan, buyers have up to nine months to save the
HomeStart deposit of $5137 (seven per cent of the HomeStart loan) which requires
a saving of $114 a week supplemented by the bonus.
With a HomeStart loan of $63,253, the buyer would only pay $122 a week after
moving in - lower than many rents.
The same house could be built at Vine Grove for $73,750 including carport (lot
69).
After $1000 was paid up front, the HomeStart deposit of $5163 could be saved in
nine months while the house is being built.
This would be $114 a week supplemented by the cash bonus from the builder.
After moving in, the buyer would pay off the HomeStart loan of $68,557 at $122 a
week.
This finance plan can be tailored to suit any of Hickinbothams' 50 designs.
The Balmara is one of six designs on display at the company's Andrews Farm
village in Hughes St.
It is open weekends 11am to 5.30pm and Monday to Thursday 1 to 5.30pm.
More details from Hickinbotham Homes on 362 6341 or ah Tony Christopher on
018-844 436.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: balmara display house; The Balmara house and land package is
available at AndrewsFarm for $73,390

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              638 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               Carmarthen Journal

                               September 28, 2005

Fears over garden's new developments

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 267 words


Bosses at the National Botanic Garden of Wales are poring over a long list of
potential developments to help secure the attraction's long term future. The £44
million garden at Llanarthne hopes to agree a change in lease with
Carmarthenshire Council so they can buy four farms on the edge of the site and
owned by the authority.

The garden will use these properties as collateral for a loan to help pay off a
£1.7 million debt.

Garden bosses deny the farms cold be sold to private developers.

But general manager Rhodri Griffiths said they were looking at a "long list" of
possible developments.

The garden is in talks with Cardiff-based Mansford Holdings which specialise in
retirement villages but Dr Griffiths would not confirm whether a retirement
village was set for the garden.

Other rumoured schemes are an adventure park and hotel complex.

Dr Griffiths said: "We have no intention of selling the farms. They will be used
as extra security to secure a loan to pay debts." However, Llanarthne Community
Council plans to object to the lease agreement on the farms.

Chair Gethin James is worried that, if the garden suffers further financial
problems like it did last year and was unable to pay debts, selling the farms
could become an option.

He is concerned that the bank would take ownership of the farms and sell them
off to developers.

He said: "If that happened, no one at the garden would have a say on what sort
of developments could happen on our doorsteps, we could end up with anything,
the community is very worried about that outcome."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2005 Carmarthen Journal


                              639 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 8, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

LOW INTEREST TO FARMERS RAISING PRICES

BYLINE: By ANN CRITTENDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 1, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 2702 words


While much of the nation's economy has been chilled by record interest rates,
one group has been well insulated from the rise in the cost of money: farmers.

The beneficiaries of a host of Depression-era policies, farmers enjoy billions
of dollars of relatively easy credit. Through a variety of programs, they can
qualify for loans at interest rates that have recently run at least two
percentage points below rates on comparable loans to other borrowers.

Borrowed funds are considered a major factor in the creation of the United
States' highly industrialized and productive system of agriculture. But at the
same time, many agricultural experts now contend, Federal credit policies may
have had unintended side effects far removed from their original purpose of
helping small, poverty-stricken farmers.

A two-year study undertaken by Bob Bergland, President Carter's Secretary of
Agriculture, reported that loans made by the nation's Farm Credit System ''might
have contributed to inefficient resource allocation, inflation in land values
and further concentration of production and landownership.'' In some instances,
such lending has been criticized for going to finance condominiums, nonfarm
businesses and wealthy ''weekend'' farmers.

David A. Stockman, the Reagan Administration's new budget chief, has said that
he will propose restrictions on loans by the Farmers Home Administration, which
he called ''one of the great sleeping giants of the whole budget.'' But it is
unlikely that his targets will include the farm lending portion of the agency's
$45 billion portfolio, which has included financing of office buildings,
fastfood stores, condominiums and such corporations as Perdue Farms.

The Bergland study rested in good part on work by Michael Boehlje of Iowa State
University and Stephen Gabriel and John E. Lee Jr. of the Agriculture Depart-
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

By ANN CRITTENDEN

While much of the nation's economy has been chilled by record interest rates,
one group has been well insulated from the dramatic rise in the cost of money:
farmers.

The beneficiaries of a host of Depression-era policies, farmers continue to
enjoy billions of dollars of relatively easy credit.  Through a variety of
programs, farmers can qualify for bargain loans at interest rates that recently
have run at least two percentage points below rates on comparable loans to other
borrowers.

''Borrowed funds have become the lifeblood of modern agriculture,'' three
prominent agricultural economists recently concluded in an influential study.

The relative abundance of money for farmers is considered a major factor in the
creation of the United States' highly industrialized and productive system of
agriculture. But at the same time, many agricultural experts now contend,
Federal credit policies may have had unintended side effects far removed from
their original purpose of helping small, poverty-stricken farmers.

A sweeping two-year study of American agricultural policies - undertaken by Bob
Bergland, the previous Secretary of Agriculture, and released last month - found
that loans made by the nation's Farm Credit System ''might have contributed to
inefficient resource allocation, inflation in land values and further
concentration of production and landownership.'' In some instances, such lending
has been criticized for going to finance condominiums, nonfarm businesses and
wealthy ''weekend'' farmers.

David A. Stockman, the Reagan Administration's new budget chief, has said that
he would propose restrictions on loans by the Farmers Home Administration, which
he called ''one of the great sleeping giants of the whole budget.'' But it is
unlikely that Mr. Stockman's targets will include the farm lending portion of
the agency's $45 billion portfolio, which has included financing of office
buildings, fast-food stores, condominiums and such corporations as Perdue Farms.

The Bergland study rested in good part on work by Michael Boehlje of Iowa State
University and Stephen Gabriel and John E. Lee Jr. of the Agriculture
Department. The three agricultural economists questioned ''whether agriculture
needs special credit considerations today,'' particularly, they said, since the
farm sector is now one of ''large, capital-intensive businesses earning
competitive returns.''

Not surprisingly, many farm lenders disagree with the Bergland analysis.
''There is no evidence that credit is a villain responsible for these trends,''
said George D. Irwin, director of the economic analysis division of the Farm
Credit Administration, the Federal agency that regulates the Farm Credit System,
in a recent interview.  ''Farm credit has simply facilitated changes which exist
in the underlying economic forces.''

Nor have the findings had any impact politically. When the Federal Reserve Board
acted to restrain credit last spring, it specifically exempted farm lending from
its credit controls. Farm credit enjoys solid support in Congress, which has
acted several times in recent years to expand, rather than restrict, the kinds
of credit available to agriculture.

The new Secretary of Agriculture, John R. Block, is a good example of successful
farmers today, who typically have borrowed heavily to build up substantial
holdings. Mr. Block's holdings include a 3,000-acre hog, soybean and corn farm,
but he also listed $5.1 million to $6.7 million in liabilities when, as a
Cabinet member, he was required to disclose his financial status.

For the most part, cheap farm credit comes at no direct cost to taxpayers. The
agencies involved are largely nongovernmental and support themselves through the
interest they charge - though they benefit from informal Federal guarantees in
raising money to re-lend.

The cost of farm credit is that those eligible for cheap loans have an advantage
over other borrowers and thus a greater command over the economy's resources.
This artificially drives up land prices and, because most farm credit goes to
large farming enterprises, encourages concentration in land ownership.

The main lender to agriculture is the Farm Credit System, which is a network of
cooperative banks set up by the Government, supervised by the Farm Credit
Administration (an independent Federal agency) and owned by its borrowers. The
Farm Credit System includes 12 Federal Land Banks, 12 Federal Intermediate
Credit Banks, hundreds of Production Credit Associations and 13 Banks for
Cooperatives. The system accounted for 31 percent of all farm debt in 1980,
compared with 21 1/2 percent 10 years earlier.

Other major lenders are banks, with 25 percent of the total farm debt;
individuals and others, primarily farmers financing their own sales, 23 percent;
life insurance companies, 8 percent; the Farmers Home Administration, 10
percent; the Commodity Credit Corporation, 3 percent, and the Small Business
Administration, 2 percent.

Taxpayers do pay for the activities of the Farmers Home Administration, the
Commodity Credit Corporation, and the Small Business Administration. Of these
three, by far the most important - and most controversial - is the rapidly
growing Farmers Home Administration, which has $19 billion in farm loans
outstanding, compared with only $1.3 billion 20 years ago. Part of the
Agriculture Department, the agency is also part of the Farm Credit System.

The Bergland report found that farm-sector debt, which increased from $12
billion in 1950 to about $158 billion in 1980, could reach $600 billion by 1990.

The ratio of debt to assets has remained fairly constant, but farm income has
not kept pace with the debt. In the late 1970's, debt outstanding was four to
five times higher than income, compared with ratios of 2 to 1 or 3 to 1 in the
1960's and early 1970's. By 1980, interest expenses represented 12 percent of
farmers' total production expenses.

One question raised by these trends is to what extent public policy has become a
captive of the debt, locked into guaranteeing high farm incomes so that it can
be carried. The issue is particularly sensitive because the largest farmers are
clearly the major users of cheap farm credit.

In 1978, the latest year for which figures are available, farm operators with
sales of $100,000 or more owed nearly 40 percent of all farm debt outstanding,
and farms with sales of $40,000 or more accounted for more than 70 percent of
all debt, according to the paper by Mr. Boehlje, Mr. Gabriel and Mr. Lee.

Dependency on Farm Income

The largest 20 percent of farms produce more than 80 percent of the value of all
farm products, incur about the same proportion of all production expenses, owe
more than 70 percent of all outstanding farm debt and ''must depend almost
entirely on farm income to service that debt,'' the paper found.

Small and moderate-sized farmers, the Bergland study made clear, make ends meet
not with debt but with large and growing amounts of income from nonfarm jobs.

The Farm Credit System's share of agricultural lending has expanded rapidly
during the 1970's, primarily at the expense of commmercial lenders. The banks in
the system finance their loans by issuing bonds, which are exempt from state
taxation and which sell at rates only slightly above those paid by the Federal
Treasury.  (Although the bonds do not carry an explicit Government guarantee,
the Treasury has set up a revolving loan fund to purchase stock in the system in
case of a serious financial crisis.)

The system's banks price their loans according to the average cost of these
funds, which means that during periods of rising interest rates, its interest
charges are lower than those of commercial lenders. Since late 1979, for
example, the spread between the interest rates charged on non-real estate loans
by commercial banks and those charged by the production credit associations of
the Farm Credit System has averaged more than two percentage points.

Commercial banks have been agitated over what they perceive as the unfair
advantages of the Farm Credit System, principally the taxexempt status. Taken
together with other banking trends, such as more intense competition among banks
generally, this ''could threaten the ability of agricultural banks to lend to
farming,'' says Derl I.  Derr of the American Bankers Association.

Other analysts agree that small country banks face many of the same threats as
the family farm. Growing competition (not only from the Farm Credit System but
also from savings and loan associations and larger banks) and the growing size
of farm loans, now often beyond the capacity of many country banks, all endanger
the role of the 7,000 small agricultural banks in the country.

Congress Allows Expansion

Legislation passed late last year will permit the Farm Credit System to expand
even more, into the financing of exports by cooperatives and into lending to
processors of farm products, among other things.

Some critics see this expansion of the system as a movement even further from
its original mandate to help new and struggling farmers survive. In 1977, for
example, Federal Land Bank borrowers had an average net farm income of $32,386,
total net income of more than $54,000 and an average net worth of $405,783.

''It does not appear that the F.C.S. as a whole is taking much risk in pursuit
of economic opportunity for the have-nots in American agriculture,'' said
Charles Henry Hassebrook of the Center for Rural Affairs of Walthill, Neb., in
testimony before Congress last spring.

The system has also come under attack for its occasional lending to nonfarm
investors. Under current farm system rules, anyone who owns agricultural land or
engages in producing agricultural products is a farmer, a definition so broad
that almost anyone could borrow from the system, some critics say.

A recent critical report by the General Accounting Office, for example, found
that fewer than 30 percent of the Federal Land Banks' borrowers earned most of
their income from farming, and more than half of them earned 90 percent or more
of their living from nonfarm activities. The G.A.O., which is the investigative
agency of Congress, found one loan to a ''farmer'' who lived more than 1,000
miles from his farm.

Hard to Tell 'A Real Farmer'

''If we had a nice, clean, black-and-white world of farmers and nonfarmers, it
would be easier,'' Mr. Irwin commented, ''but we don't. The closer you get to
the urban areas the harder it is to distinguish who's a real farmer and who
isn't. But loans to nonfarmers are relatively few.''

Probably the most criticized segment of farm credit is the rapidly growing
Farmers Home Administration, the primary rural credit agency of the Federal
Government and a giant institution that ''perhaps has been absorbing programs
and mandates (many unrequested) faster than it can maintain a clear sense of
purpose and direction,'' according to John E. Lee Jr., an Agriculture Department
economist.

This year the Farmers Home portfolio is nearly 50 times its size in 1960, with
more than $14 billion in grant and loan obligations extended in 1979 alone.

The big growth in Farmers Home lending has been in the economic emergency and
disaster lending programs, $12 billion in credit that some have dubbed a ''free
insurance program.'' A ''disaster'' loan can cover any misfortune from bad
weather to currency devaluations and it carries interest rates appreciably lower
than normal market rates.

Economists have criticized these programs for subsidizing farming in marginal
areas and, in many cases, for aiding farmers that least need help. According to
Agriculture Department studies, for example, more than one-third of the $3.1
billion lent under the economic emergency program in 1979 went to farmers with
more than $500,000 in assets.

Granting of Disaster Loans

In 1979 the average emergency loan size was $45,600, and 200 loans in the
previous year were for more than $1 million. Large farming operations have
obtained disaster loans of up to $16 million at the standard 3 to 5 percent
interest rate.

Moreover, despite the fact that the Farmers Home Administration is supposed to
be a lender of last resort, 29 percent of its disaster loans went to those who
could have qualified for commercial credit, according to a 1979 G.A.O. study. In
one instance, several individuals in the same Texas corporation received
disaster loans, which one used to purchase a Cadillac and to repair his boat,
according to testimony by the inspector general of the Agriculture Department.

Legislation was passed last June to tighten the ''no credit available
elsewhere'' test for borrowers, and an expanded crop insurance program approved
by the last Congress could eventually replace all or part of the emergency
lending program.

Meanwhile, however, an estimated $5 billion in additional Farmers Home loans
were authorized in the wake of last summer's drought, all reflected in the
budget for the fiscal year 1981.

''Farmers should be building up liquidity in good years to tide them through the
lean years instead of buying more assets in good years and then screaming for
help in the bad years,'' said Emanuel Melichar, a senior economist with the
Federal Reserve Board and an authority on farm credit.

''This would call for Congress to turn a deaf ear to the pleas of dire income
deficiency. You can't justify taking poorer people's money to support wealthier
people.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              640 of 996 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                        ICD Research - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 27, 2013

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

                         1133 Twenty-First Street, N.W.
                                Washington 20036
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


COMPANY OVERVIEW

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation serves as a secondary market in
agricultural loans such as mortgages for agricultural real estate and rural
housing. Its secondary market offers liquidity and lending capacity to lenders;
offers mortgage loans, rural housing mortgage loans, rural utilities loans and
the guaranteed portions of agricultural and rural development loans. It
purchases loans from agricultural lenders, and sells instruments backed by those
loans. The company also purchases portfolios of newly originated and seasoned
loans, mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate, and
fixed- and adjustable rate loans. The company is headquartered in Washington,
the US.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

   The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a
stockholder-owned and publicly-traded company in the US. Farmer Mac was
established to create secondary market with an aim to provide agricultural real
estate, rural housing mortgage loans and to increase the accessibility of
long-term credit at stable interest rates. It principally serves America's
farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners, businesses and communities. Farmer Mac
employs 53 employees.

   Farmer Mac carries out its secondary market business activities through three
programs namely, Farmer Mac I, Farmer Mac II, and Rural Utilities Loans.

   Under the Farmer Mac I program, the company is principally engaged in buying
agricultural mortgage loans or securities backed by eligible agricultural
mortgage loans. The program serves agricultural and rural residential lenders,
including commercial banks, Farm Credit System institutions, credit unions,
insurance companies and mortgage bankers. Farmer Mac will purchase qualified
loans directly from that lender through the Cash Window, where the sellers
obtain loan credit approvals, lock-in interest rates and deliver the loans
within the rate lock period. To be eligible for the Farmer Mac I program, loans
must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting, collateral valuation, documentation
and other specified standards. It offers Farmer Mac Farm and Ranch loans on
monthly, semi-annual or annual payments and with the choices including variable,
adjustable, and fixed rates up to 20 years. The Farmer Mac I Farm and Ranch
products include, Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARMs) , Variable Rate Mortgages
(VRMs), Fixed Rate Mortgages and Real Estate Revolving Line-of-Credit.

   Through the Farmer Mac II program, Farmer Mac purchases the portions of loans
guaranteed by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities
backed by those USDA-guaranteed portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities).
Under this program interested lenders sell the guaranteed portions of USDA loans
directly to Farmer Mac. Its various eligible loans include, Farm Service
Agency's Farm Ownership, Farm Operating guaranteed loans and the Rural
Development's Business & Industry and Community Facility guaranteed loans. It
offers loan products on annual, semi-annual, quarterly and monthly basis with
the choices including variable, adjustable and fixed rates. In addition, the
company offers Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities to lenders in swap
transactions or to other investors for cash. The loans eligible for the Farmer
Mac secondary market include: mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate and rural housing; certain agricultural and rural loans
guaranteed by the USDA and loans to finance electrification and
telecommunications systems in rural areas.

   Under the Rural Utilities program, Farmer Mac is engaged in purchasing
qualified rural utilities loans, or guarantees the timely payment of interest
and principal of securities representing interests in or obligations backed by
pools of such loans.

   The company undertakes ABA/Farmer Mac Alliance program through this program
ABA members have a streamlined approval process for becoming a Farmer Mac
"Seller" and preferred pricing for selected Farmer Mac products. This includes
programs such as Whole Loan Purchase Program, USDA Guarantee Purchase Program.

   Farmer Mac Farm and Ranch ICBA Rates is also one of the programs undertaken
by the Farmer Mac under which they provide farm and ranch loan products.

   The company also provides loan documentation services.

   Recently, Farmer Mac entered into an agreement with Morgan Keegan & Company
under which Morgan Keegan will begin marketing Farmer Mac programs designed
specifically for Morgan Keegan's commercial banking clients that hold
agricultural mortgage loans in their portfolios.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013


                              641 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Washington: ABA Advocates for Changes to 2018 Farm Bill

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Bankers Association has issued the following news release:




 At a Senate Agriculture Committee field hearing in Kansas today, ABA
highlighted the critical role that the nation's banks play providing credit to
farmers and ranchers, and advocated for changes to the upcoming 2018 Farm Bill
that would take into account the rising costs of agriculture.





 Testifying on behalf of the American Bankers Association, Shan Hanes, president
and CEO of First National Bank in Elkhart, Kan., and a member of ABA's
Agricultural and Rural Bankers Committee, urged lawmakers to reform the USDA
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program, calling for an increase to the lending limit cap
on guaranteed ownership and guaranteed operating loans, as well as other reforms
that would help modernize the programs. He also encouraged lawmakers to make
changes to agriculture risk coverage and price loss coverage programs in
response to volatility in commodity prices that farmers have experienced in the
last few years.



 Hanes also raised concerns over the increasing size and complexity of the
taxpayer-backed Farm Credit System, which, if it were a bank, would be the ninth
largest in the U.S. "Congress created the FCS as a public option for farm
finance 100 years ago when farmers were having trouble getting the credit they
needed," Hanes said. "These conditions no longer exist, and yet we continue to
have a government assisted, tax-advantaged farm lender providing credit to
customers who would be able to easily borrow from taxpaying institutions like
mine."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 23, 1989, Friday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE:  HOUSTON


STATE FARM SLAPPED

WITH $ 100 MILLION SUIT

Seven Texas women filed a $ 100 million lawsuit Thursday against State Farm
Insurance Co., one of the nation's largest insurance firms, alleging its hiring
practices for years have discriminated against women and minorities.

Their class-action lawsuit accuses State Farm of reserving for white men the
jobs of sales agents, claims adjusters and underwriters.

"This is a very valuable job and is a job that historically was passed on by
nepotism and cronyism in what generally is described as a good old boys
network," said Guy Saperstein, an Oakland, Calif., attorney who won a similar
lawsuit against State Farm in that state last year.

He alleged women were told they would need a large investment to become an
agent, that night work could be dangerous and that the long hours could disrupt
their family life.

AGENCY OWNER GETS

JAIL TERM FOR THEFT

HARRISBURG, Pa. - A former Westmoreland County insurance agency owner admitted
stealing more than $ 125,000 from clients and was sentenced to two to seven
years in state prison, Attorney General Ernie Preate Jr. said.

Donald J. Scandinaro, who formerly operated Insurance Concepts U.S.A., pleaded
guilty before Westmoreland County Common Pleas Court Judge Joseph Hudock to
multiple counts of theft, forgery, deceptive business practices and violations
of the state Insurance Act.

Judge Hudock's sentence requires Mr. Scandinaro to serve three years' probation
following the prison term.

Mr. Scandinaro was charged last October with stealing $ 116,723 from clients
between 1983 and 1987 by collecting premiums and fees from them but failing to
make the requested purchases on their behalf. He also was charged with issuing
fraudulent insurance documents.

TRAVELERS ESTABLISHES

EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN

HARTFORD, Conn., - Travelers Corp. said Wednesday it has established an Employee
Stock Ownership Plan that will buy $ 200 million of a new series of convertible
preferred stock.

The purchase will be financed by a loan guaranteed by Travelers. The proceeds
will be used in Travelers' insurance operations. The stock was issued for $
53.25 a share. The shares are convertible into common stock on a one-to- one
basis.

BASS OFFERS TO BAIL OUT

INTEGRATED RESOURCES

NEW YORK - Investor Robert M. Bass has proposed to Integrated Resources Inc.
that a Bass-led group pump new capital into - and assume control of - the
troubled real estate and insurance concern, according to a published report.

The Wall Street Journal said the Fort Worth, Texas, investor approached
Integrated earlier this week and is prepared to invest a sizable sum, perhaps to
the order of $ 100 million to $ 200 million, according to real estate industry
sources.

The Journal story said that last week, Integrated, once a high- flying real
estate partnership syndicator, defaulted on its huge short-term debt after
lenders balked at advancing new funds.

Bass's proposal would be conditioned on a restructuring of Integrated's debt and
common stock.

S. KOREA INSURERS SEEN

LOWERING LOAN RATES

SEOUL, South Korea - South Korean life insurance firms are likely to lower their
lending rates in an effort to compete with banks and other financial
institutions, insurance industry sources said Thursday.

Dong Bang Life Insurance cut its rates by 0.1 percent to 0.25 percent and other
insurers are expected to follow suit, the company said.

At present, banks' loan rates range from 11 percent to 13 percent.

Dong Bang reduced its rates following complaints from customers, a company
official said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              643 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Whitaker Cheryl

SECTION: 3,C; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 902 words


Adult field day set

LELAND   Leland Parks and Recreation will hold an Adult Field Day at 4 p.m. Aug.
1 at Leland Municipal Park, 102 Town Hall Drive. At this adults-only (21 and up)
event you and your friends will have the opportunity to go back to the best day
of school growing up ... field day. Participants will enjoy grown-up versions of
games like water balloon toss, three-legged race and more. There will also be
food and beverages for purchase. An awards ceremony will follow. Registration:
$25 per team (teams of five). Registration is available online at
www.townofleland.com/recreation. For more information, Leland Parks &
Recreation, 910-332-4823 or printern@townofleland.com

ESL tutor training

WILMINGTON   The English as a Second Language Tutor Training will be 6:30-9:30
p.m. Aug. 11-13 at the Cape Fear Literacy Council, 1012 S. 17th St.

To become a certified ESL tutor a volunteer must attend nine hours of training
and observe two classes to gain the basic skills needed. The ESL Tutor Training
includes techniques and content for working with adult speakers of other
languages. The focus is on strategies for developing listening, speaking,
reading, writing and vocabulary skills to help students navigate everyday life
and to achieve academic goals. Tutors do not need to speak another language to
tutor an ESL student.

Workshop material fees are $30 if you will be volunteering at CFLC, Interfaith
Refugee Ministry or Winter Park Baptist Church, or $50 if you are getting
certified for another organization. To reserve a spot or for more information,
call 910-251-0911.

Disaster loss protections farm bill

U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency State Executive Director, Bob
Etheridge, announced that producers who apply for FSA farm loans also will be
offered the opportunity to enroll in new disaster loss protections created by
the 2014 Farm Bill. The new coverage, available from the Noninsured Crop
Disaster Assistance Program, is available to FSA loan applicants who grow
non-insurable crops.

The basic disaster coverage protects at 55 percent of the market price for crop
losses that exceed 50 percent of production. Covered crops include  specialty
crops, vegetables, fruits, mushrooms, floriculture, ornamental nursery,
aquaculture, turf grass, ginseng, honey, syrup, hay, forage, grazing and energy
crops. FSA allows beginning, underserved or limited income producers to obtain
NAP coverage up to 90 days after the normal application closing date when they
also apply for FSA credit.

In addition to free basic coverage, beginning, under-served or limited income
producers are eligible for a 50 percent discount on premiums for the higher
levels of coverage that protect up to 65 percent of expected production at 100
percent of the average market price. Producers also may work with FSA to protect
value-added production, such as organic or direct market crops, at their fair
market value in those markets. Targeted underserved groups eligible for free or
discounted coverage are American Indians or Alaskan Natives, Asians, Blacks or
African Americans, Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders, Hispanics, and
women.

FSA offers a variety of loan products, including farm ownership loans, operating
loans and microloans that have a streamlined application process.

Growers need not apply for an FSA loan, nor be a beginning, limited resource, or
underserved farmer, to be eligible for Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program assistance.

For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/nap or www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans,
or contact your local FSA office at https://offices.usda.gov.

Amateur golf tournament begins

WILMINGTON   The 2015 Men's City Amateur Golf Tournament will be held Aug. 22-23
at the Wilmington Municipal Golf Course, 311 S. Wallace Ave., Wilmington.

The entry fee is $100 per player which includes green fees each day, lunch each
day, prizes/awards and a tee gift. Carts are not included. The cart fee is $12
per person per day.

The field will be limited to 132 players. The first 120 entrants will be in the
field. The last 12 entries accepted will be based on the players
ability/handicap.

Reserve your practice round tee times up to one week in advance. Regular green
fees apply.

The field will be pre-flighted by handicap. There will be approximately 6
flights. A junior champion will also be awarded. Include payment by check or
cash (check made out to WGC). Entry form must be complete. Verifiable handicap
indexes must be provided with entry form. The tournament committee will set
pairings. No requests.

Tournament committee: David Donovan, head PGA professional, and Hunter Galloway.

Applications can be mailed or paid for at the Golf Shop. Applications will be
processed as received.

All applicants must maintain a verifiable USGA index of 11.0 or less. No
exceptions.

For more information, call 910-791-0558.

Win a golf cart

OCEAN ISLE BEACH    The Ocean Isle Museum Foundation Inc. is raffling off a
road ready  golf cart. The golf cart on exhibit in the museum s lobby happens to
be blue, but the winner gets to select his/her own color preference. Proceeds
from this raffle benefit the Museum of Coastal Carolina in Ocean Isle Beach and
Ingram Planetarium in Sunset Beach.

Raffle tickets are $100 each and are on sale now. You do not have to be present
to win. To purchase tickets, call 910-579-1016 or stop by the museum at 21 E.
Second St.

Cheryl Whitaker

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 26, 2011 Tuesday

New local-Fannie Mae partnership aims to help struggling homeowners

BYLINE: By Gita Sitaramiah gsitaramiah@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Business

LENGTH: 617 words


For a year, Lisa Leuthold worried about whether she would be able to keep her
Shoreview townhome.

Unable to cover her bills, she applied for a mortgage modification in February
2010. Her bank rejected her application twice and gave her temporary lower
payments -- before it folded.

The bank that took over the mortgage continued the lowered payments until
telling her that missing paperwork meant she'd have to apply again.

Leuthold did some research and finally learned of a partnership between mortgage
lender Fannie Mae and the nonprofit Minnesota Home Ownership Center that might
help. Seven days after submitting a 64-page application, she was approved in
March for a modified monthly payment of $506, down from $869.

"Words cannot describe how I felt when I heard this great news," she said.

Wednesday, the two organizations said the pilot program will become permanent.
Officials hope to dramatically improve response times for struggling homeowners
seeking loan modifications.

The partnership, the first of its kind nationally, aims to avoid the many
stories of bureaucratic obfuscation and interminable delays in the modification
business.

Fannie Mae will have staff in Minnesota working directly with the Home Ownership
Center's statewide network of counselors to try to reduce modification
application periods to less than 30 days for Fannie Mae-backed mortgages
whenever possible. Fannie Mae owns one in four mortgages nationally.

There were 25,673 foreclosures in the state last year. To reduce foreclosures,
the federal government is providing mortgage loan servicers with financial
incentives to modify many existing mortgages.

As many as 2,000 households in Minnesota could be helped by the new partnership
during the next year, said Ed Nelson, a spokesman for the Minnesota Home
Ownership Center.

"We know of people who, working with their servicer, are in this process for
one, two years," Nelson said.

Fannie Mae chose this state because it holds a lot of mortgages here and because
the Minnesota Home Ownership Center has an extensive network that can reach out
to struggling homeowners, said Jeff Hayward, a Fannie Mae senior vice president.
Fannie Mae also has opened eight offices in other states to help homeowners but
has never worked with an extensive network of counselors.

Jane Bowman, an attorney with the Housing Preservation Project in St. Paul, said
she's happy to see such efforts to help struggling homeowners, though she
wonders why servicers don't do more to improve the modification process. "We
know the mortgage modification system is a disaster," she said.

Leuthold bought her townhome around the peak of the housing market in 2006 for
$155,000 and planned to stay forever.

She makes less than $25,000 a year at Fleet Farm, about half of what she used to
make, in her former career in computers, when she bought the townhome. She
started using a home equity line of credit to pay bills. When the credit came to
an end, so did her ability to cover her expenses. Still, she never missed a
mortgage payment.

In her neighborhood, one property recently was sold in a short sale for less
than $100,000 and another owner has walked away. Leuthold believes the
neighborhood is better off because she avoided foreclosure.

"Not only does it help me," she said. "It helps keep everyone else's values in
sync."

Gita Sitaramiah can be reached at 651-228-5472.

ABOUT THE PROGRAM

Loan modification assistance to homeowners with Fannie Mae-backed mortgages is
free of charge. Homeowners interested in scheduling an appointment should call
the Minnesota Home Ownership Center at 659-9336 or 866-462-6466. Homeowners can
determine if Fannie Mae owns their loan by visiting fanniemae.com/loanlookup .

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shoreview homeowner Lisa Leuthold tells her story about an innovative
pilot plan for struggling homeowners that helped her keep her home--at a meeting
of Fannie Mae officials and the Minnesota Home Ownership Center at the Center's
St Paul office Tuesday morning April 27, 2011. (Pioneer Press: John Doman)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

SJ - Bank debt alternatives needed for ag says Farm Institute

BYLINE: Andrew Marshall

SECTION: NONE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 473 words


Relying on bank debt as the main source of funding for farming businesses will
likely limit the sector's future growth, according to the Australian Farm
Institute.

Unlike farm businesses internationally, Australian farmers still rely almost
solely on bank debt to pay for expansion and productivity improvements and cover
seasonal running costs.

A newly-released AFI report has explored trends in funding and business
structures within Australian farming, including alternatives to bank lending
packages, which are expected to be required to pay for the sector's future
expansion.

Farm bank debt has jumped from about $10 billion to $60b in the past 25 years.

While the proportion of gross farm income needed to service that debt has
remained relatively constant since 1990 - at about seven cents for each dollar
of income - inflation has eroded the real spending power of a dollar since then.

"Future growth opportunities for Australian farm businesses will require access
to increased funding, and alternatives will be required to present models," AFI
research general manager Richard Heath said.

"While alternative farm funding models have emerged internationally, this is not
the case in Australia."

Mr Heath said bank debt may have sustainably paid for productivity growth in
recent decades, but the capital required to fund further growth and increasing
family succession demands would be be many times what had been borrowed in the
past 25 years.

"There is a feeling of urgency in the agricultural community to find alternative
funding models," he said.

Alternative models used overseas included separating the ownership of farm
assets from farm business operations, such as farmland leasing and rental
models.

Other options included offtake agreements which provided crop and livestock
loans for short-term operational funding, and equity-sharing arrangements such
as share-farming and share-milking which enabled multiple parties to have an
equity share in the farm business.

Mr Heath said the high risk levels experienced by Australian farms were probably
a major factor limiting the growth in alternative funding options.

A healthy balance sheet with plenty of additional borrowing capacity was the
best defence Australian farmers had to manage risk.

That contrasted with various risk management options available to overseas
farmers, including crop and income insurance schemes that operate in North
America, which made it easier for new entrants.

The AFI report - titled A Review of Farm Funding Models and Business Structures
in Australia - has also examined why differences exist in overseas agricultural
funding markets and what could be helpful to Australian markets.

It has also made six recommendations to government and the agricultural industry
aimed at improving industry and government policies which impact on capital
funding models.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 10, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

MUTUAL FUNDS REPORT: FUNDS WATCH;
Fidelity Wants S.& L. Unit

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section 3; Part 2; Page 38; Column 4; Money and Business/Financial Desk



LENGTH: 141 words


If Fidelity Investments has its way, it will open a Federal savings and loan
association aimed at providing trust services to its 14.4 million mutual fund
clients nationwide.

The FMR Corporation, Fidelity's parent, becomes the latest in a long list of
nonbanks and other commercial companies seeking to own such a federally
chartered unit. Nordstrom Inc. and the State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance
Company, for example, are moving to open Federal savings and loan associations,
which have broad powers to engage in securities, insurance and other activities.
The trend has led to proposals in Congress to restrict such commercial
ownership.

In applying to create the Fidelity Personal Trust Company, to be based in
Boston, FMR said the unit would be limited to the exercise of "trust and related
powers" and would not make loans.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              647 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                  May 17, 2015

Women Empowerment Key

BYLINE: Margaret Mangani

LENGTH: 918 words


EMPOWERMENT women economically boosts both gender equality and wealth of
nations.

This entails enabling the women to have the capacity to control income and other
key economic resources such as land and animals.

In traditional Africa women were involved in the economy since they were defacto
managers of income generating activities on farms as husbands were involved in
non- farm business activities.

Then came the colonial economy which created title deeds making the men sole
owners of land, thereby rendering women economically weak.

Other reasons why women in Africa are not empowered are poverty levels and
negative cultural practices. For instance for a married woman to own land or
simply have access to a loan facility she needs to have the consent of the
spouse.

The most hard hit are rural women due to illiteracy levels compared to their
counter- parts in urban set ups.

While the women may so much desire to own land or property or even access a loan
facility for the betterment of themselves ,the requirement that there should be
a spouse involved hinders their progress.

One wonders if with the changing trends would still demand that a woman engages
the involvement of a man all the time for her to develop.

Can't a woman decide on her own on what is best for her future without the man
being there for her all the time?

Being dependent on the man for important decisions to be made in the African
cultural set up is what has relegated most women to second class citizens.

Therefore, this has rendered them to remain poor and not being able to own
investments to secure their future.

So in case of the spouse dying there arises cases of property grabbing more
especially if the title deeds were in the man's name.

After an out-cry, especially among the women-folk over the stringent conditions
attached to the Citizens' Economic Empowerment Fund, (CEEC) the Government a few
years ago transferred the women's fund to the Ministry of Community Development
and Social Welfare.

The move had cheered many women, particularly those in rural areas.T

he CEEC is a loan scheme aimed at empowering people in a bid to reduce poverty
and enhance national development.

More than K90 billion had been released out of the K150 billion fund. Projects
worth K52 billion had been approved out of a total 160 applications.

However, the main problem has been that people have not been able to access the
funds due to poor project proposals.

This is because the larger population in rural areas is illiterate and, as such,
unable to draw up bankable proposals, and much less compete with applicants in
urban areas.

The other problem is the usual requirement of collateral or security, which not
many can afford especially women.

Subsequently, there were calls from civil society organisations and the public
at large for a revision of the conditions.

As a way of addressing this issue, the Government in line with its gender policy
of empowering women, has decided to transfer the money meant for women
empowerment from the CEEC to the Ministry of Community Development and Social
Services.

About K5 billion was approved to the ministry.

The funds were now administered under the office of the district commissioner.

To access the funds, the women had to form clubs and engage in income-generating
activities or self-help community projects.

District women associations have been tasked to identify eligible women clubs in
all the 72 districts of Zambia.

But most recently the First Lady Esther Lungu urged the Government to ensure
that finance and investment policies are designed in a way that will empower
women.

Ms Lungu was concerned that there were still laws, policies customs, traditions
as well as practices that restrict women from accessing credit and loans thereby
preventing them from inheriting land, property and housing in Zambia.

Ms Lungu urged the Government to ensure that finance and investment policies are
designed in a way that would promote equality in terms of ownership of land, the
right to own property and adequate housing.

She made these remarks when she launched the Women's build event sponsored by
Standard chartered Bank in collaboration with Habit for Humanity in Lusaka's
Kamanga Township.

Standard Chartered Bank and Habitat for Humanity through their projects to
empower vulnerable women are constructing two houses for Elizabeth Tembo and
Hilda Tolomayo of Kamanga Township.

Ms Lungu said there was need to include women in Land resettlement schemes and
in ownership of housing at local government level.

"Government should take additional measures to increase other productive
resources to undermine women's capacity to acquire and retain these resources,"
she said.

She also urged stakeholders to support Government's efforts to do away with
customs and traditional that discriminate against women and deny them security
of tenure and equal ownership, access to land as well as right to own property.

Ms Lungu commended Standard chartered Bank on the importance it attached towards
alleviating poverty and bridging the housing gap, especially for women who were
most affected.

Since inception, Habitat for Humanity Zambia has built over 2,995 houses for the
vulnerable people.

At the same function Habitat for Humanity chairperson Douglas Katembo appealed
to the government to finalise the Land policy which had remained in a draft form
for a long time.

Mr Katembo said the Land policy would enhance security tenure for women once
implemented.Once this is done then women will have something to smile about.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                             March 25, 2001, Sunday

Battlers' tale hits home for  Greta

BYLINE: KATHY MCCABE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 229 words


ACTOR Greta Scacchi -- along with most Australians -- harbours a deep suspicion
of banks.

But her feelings turned even darker after she filmed the ABC mini-series The
Farm, with Colin Friels.

The three-part drama, which continues tonight, is based on the struggles of
rural communities to stay on the land in the mid-1980s, when the dollar dived
and they were unable to repay crippling foreign loans.

Liz (Scacchi) and Tom Cooper (Friels) decide to fight back and, against the
advice of everyone, sue their bank for failing to disclose the risks of the
dodgy loan.

"I remember reading the headlines when people were being thrown off their farms
and it was all about these bank loans and interest rates, and seemed very hard
to understand," Scacchi says.

"Then I read the script, and what had happened came to life. It's so shocking,
and you feel terrible for not having paid attention to what these people were
going through.

"At least 50 per cent of the characters of rural Australia are gone now.
Homesteads that were in families for generations are now under foreign
ownership.

"Your whole view of banks being a service on the high street turns very, very
ugly."

The Farm reunited Scacchi with director Kate Woods, with whom she worked on the
award-winning Looking For Alibrandi, the acclaimed actor's first Australian
movie for several years.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              649 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      June 22, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Russia moves toward private farm holdings: Foreigners would not be able to buy
farmland but could lease it for up to 49 years

SOURCE: Los Angeles Times

BYLINE: John Daniszewski

SECTION: News; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW

MOSCOW -- A compromise on the issue of sales to foreigners smoothed the way on
Friday for a sweeping bill that would allow Russian farmland to be bought and
sold for the first time since the Bolsheviks came to power more than 80 years
ago.

Giving its preliminary approval on the second of three required readings to the
bill backed by President Vladimir V. Putin, the lower house of parliament said
foreigners would not be allowed to buy farmland but could lease it for up to 49
years at a time.

"Common sense has prevailed," said Agriculture Minister Alexei V. Gordeyev. "In
my opinion, both farmers and the state will benefit from this law."

Private land sales have been a goal among supporters of economic reform in
Russia almost since the collapse of the Soviet Union a decade ago, but it has
taken successive governments this long to overcome entrenched opposition from
Communist Party stalwarts and agricultural interests linked to the old
collective farm system.

Lawmakers backed the bill that would permit land sales, 245-150. Earlier,
however, they amended the draft, by 366-6 with two abstentions, to say that
foreigners and foreign-owned organizations could only lease farmland.

In a bow to populist fears of the re-emergence of giant land magnates, such as
existed in Russia in past centuries, the deputies also voted to limit to 10 per
cent the proportion of farmland a buyer could acquire in a single rural
district.

Final approval of the bill on the third reading is expected to be a mere
formality as early as next week. After passage by the Duma, or lower house, the
bill must then be approved by the Federation Council -- the upper house, which
is made up of regional leaders -- and signed by Putin to become law. Both are
expected to give their approval.

Communist and Agrarian Party deputies had long balked at private ownership of
farmland, arguing in part that Russians would in effect lose control over the
motherland if wealthy foreigners were allowed to buy up former collective farms
-- most of which are now technically bankrupt -- on the cheap.

Private ownership of farmland would stand as one of Putin's main economic
reforms, completing a package that began last year when the Duma approved the
sale and ownership of nonagricultural land.

From the perspective of reformers, if farmland was privately held, with clear
title, owners would have an incentive to invest in it. It also could be used as
collateral for loans to rebuild the country's shattered agricultural
infrastructure and taxed to help support government services in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    December 30, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

ISSUES AIRED IN TV SHOWS

BYLINE: SID SMITH, CHICAGO TRIBUNE

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 525 words


A FATHER FOR CHARLIE, airs Sunday at 10 p.m. on Ch. 12. A DANGEROUS AFFAIR, airs
Sunday at 10 p.m. on Ch. 8

The primal urge for parenting transcends racial barriers in A Father for
Charlie, a television movie set in the Depression-era Ozarks.

The film melodramatically indicts race hatred by means of its setting in the
past -- Ku Klux Klan raids, burning crosses and injustice abound.

Walter Osgood (Lou Gossett Jr.) is the only black resident left in the Ozark
town of New Lonesome. The rest were driven away in a pogrom, and Walter, a
modestly successful family farmer, endures insults and torments while futilely
awaiting the return of his missing son. (His son, like his beloved wife, was
killed in a KKK attack on the farm; Walter survived and believes his son did,
too.)

Walter also manages the farm of a sharecropper named Reuben, an alcoholic who
lives in squalor and abuses his two young children. In the events that set up
the narrative, Reuben -- a Snidely Whiplash if ever there was one -- sets
Walter's crop on fire, halting Walter's mortgage payment and endangering his
farm ownership. Reuben then flees with his daughter, leaving his 10-year-old son
Charlie (Joseph Mazzello) to choose between an orphanage and Walter for succor.

Raised in bigotry, Charlie is at first as foul-mouthed in his treatment of
Walter as was his missing father. The point, of course, is the pair's quickly
developing empathy -- Charlie becoming the son Walter misses and Walter serving
as a kindlier, loving parent. The moral is a bit preachy and the portrait of
white bigotry a little obvious.

But Charlie is ultimately irresistible, turning on an ambling, complex network
of minor plotting, from Walter's financial woes to a chilly sheriff at first an
enemy to Walter but gradually a convert (played with icy conviction by William
Fichtner). The gentle evocation of Depression America and the irrefutable
message -- kindness and decency are among the virtues that erase all barriers --
make for a touching movie.

A much more transparent and exploitative yarn is to be found in A Dangerous
Affair. Blatantly inspired by the O.J. Simpson case, the movie, starring Connie
Sellecca and Gregory Harrison, purports to examine the horrors of stalking, but
provides a sleazy thriller.

Sellecca plays some sort of L.A. city official (in an office whose furnishings
would do credit to Wall Street) bereft of a beau. Through a friend, she meets a
handsome, seemingly rich real estage agent (Harrison) and enjoys a few dates and
one night of sex (with plenty of peekaboo shots of tan flesh). She then learns
all is not as it should be.

When she drops him, he turns psychotic, following her with relentless invention
and hot temper -- nothing she does can convince police to jail him. He even
breaks into her house and, in one unnecessary, egregious scene, is glimpsed
luridly sniffing her panties.

Dangerous Affair brings up legitimate issues confronting women mired in this
kind of harassment. But the plotting is on par with a drugstore novel, and the
events that weave a tightening noose around Sellecca's neck are not credible.


LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFLY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 632 words


Citigroup finds buyer for Student Loan Corp.

BOSTON -- Citigroup Inc. said Friday it is selling its student loan business and
about $32 billion in related assets to Discover Financial Services and the
student lender Sallie Mae, Citi's latest move to focus on its core consumer
banking business.

The big banking company has been looking for a buyer for its 80 percent stake in
the Student Loan Corp. for some time as it refocuses it operations. Citi was one
of the hardest hit banks by the recession and credit crisis.

Citigroup Inc. said Friday it will take a loss of about $500 million on the deal
in this year's third quarter.

Discover has agreed to pay $600 million for the Citi stake in the Student Loan
Corp. and will also acquire $4.2 billion of private student loans.

Sallie Mae will get $28 billion of assets, adding another 1.3 million new
customers.

-----

House investigates J&J

TRENTON, N.J. (AP) -- Congress is investigating whether Johnson & Johnson
carried out a second secret recall of faulty pain relievers last year, as a
major probe of a dozen J&J recalls escalates.

In the first such recall, packets of possibly defective Motrin were quietly
bought from stores across the U.S. in spring 2009.

E-mails released by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform show
a contractor hired for that job wrote to colleagues that his company was
considering a "similar but potentially larger recall for July involving
Children's Tylenol" for J&J. It's still unknown whether that happened.

A source close to the investigation said the panel has learned a former J&J
employee falsely claimed federal regulators approved the first secret recall.

-----

Pepperidge Farm to cut salt

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Pepperidge Farm Inc. says it will cut the sodium levels
in the majority its breads, rolls and bagels by 2011, making it the latest of
many food makers to respond to demands for healthier products.

The company, owned by Campbell Soup Co., said the reductions will ultimately
result in sodium levels 10 percent to 33 percent lower in 69 of its U.S. bakery
products.

Health experts say Americans eat too much salt and the vast majority is from
processed food. That excess is dangerous because sodium can contribute to high
blood pressure, which can lead to stroke, kidney disease, heart disease or heart
failure.

The issue has become so pressing that the Institute of Medicine issued a report
in April that urged the federal government to limit salt allowed in food.

-----

Chinese Web site closes big

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Shares of SouFun Holdings Ltd. leaped more than 70 percent
in their market debut Friday, well ahead of the price the Chinese real estate
Web site operator set for its initial public offering.

The Beijing-based company's American Depositary shares closed at $75.50. They
had been priced a day earlier at $42.50 each. Shares slipped 55 cents to $72.95
in aftermarket trading.

China has been forced to put a clamp on construction to cool down a real estate
market that has seen prices soar, giving listing sites like SouFun a lot of
potential.

The Web site got nearly 10 million unique visitors per week last year, when the
company had net income of $52.7 million and revenue of $127 million.

-----

Inflation remains flat

WASHINGTON (AP) -- Consumer prices posted a small rise in August, but outside of
a big jump in volatile gasoline prices, inflation was essentially flat.

Consumer prices edged up 0.3 percent in August, matching the July increase, the
Labor Department said Friday. Core inflation, which excludes food and energy,
showed no increase in August.

The 2007-09 recession and the weak recovery since have banished inflation as an
immediate threat. Sluggish demand is preventing most businesses from raising
prices and high unemployment is keeping a lid on wage pressures.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Reform, water top farmers' talks

BYLINE: Riaan Marais Maraisr@timesmedia.co.za

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 684 words


Safety also among leading topics discussed at annual Agri EC congress
 LAND reform and social cohesion in South Africa should be led by the
agricultural community and farmers, and the government and politicians should
not be left to address these issues alone.


 This is the view Agri SA president Johannes Moller expressed when speaking at
the annual Agri Eastern Cape congress held in Port Alfred last week.
 Moller said he was surprised at how little attention had been paid to land
reform in the lead-up to last week's local government elections.
 "There was much less talk about the burning issue of land reform than I
expected," he said.
 "Race, on the other hand, received much more attention than I thought I would
see. It became really messy."
  He said it was clear that racial issues should not be left to politicians, but
that society at large should take the lead.
 "This election has proven that white people can vote for black leaders, and
[vice versa]," he said.
 "And it was good to see how little support extreme political parties received."

 The congress, held on Thursday and Friday, involved two days of discussions on
issues like water affairs, land reform and farm safety.
 Moller said that on a national level the drought had taught organised
agriculture a valuable lesson.
 He suggested the drought relief fund be developed and converted to a disaster
fund for any future assistance farmers might need.
 Agri EC vice-president Wayman Kritzinger said there was growing pressure on
South Africa's water supply as the population, industry and agriculture fought
for a bigger slice of a shrinking pie.
 "Agriculture uses 62% of the water," he said.
 "This leads to unhappiness from other industries, but we will not apologise for
this. We are necessary for food security."
 Kritzinger raised concerns about the declining quality of the water supply and
the need for more reservoirs.
 He said land reform went hand in hand with water sharing and could hold threats
for food security.
 On the issue of land reform, Agri SA transformation committee chairman Ernest
Pringle said the government was revolting against itself.
 He said while banks were anxious to assist the process of land reform,
government structures and processes were the biggest challenges.
 Land reform has been centralised, with a R2-billion budget nationally.
 Once divided between the provinces, each district in the Eastern Cape has only
R80-million, which is once again divided up between agri-park projects, 50-50
land ownership projects and land-claim processes.
 Agri EC president Doug Stern said discussions on land reform were productive
and insightful suggestions had been made on how to manage the process.
 "We feel the key to successful land reform is land ownership," Stern said.
 "Currently, the government owns land and has beneficiaries working on it, but
we feel the people who work and manage the land should be given the title to
it."
 He said land ownership went a long way towards farmers taking pride in their
work and doing as much as they could to make a success of an enterprise they
owned.
 "It will also improve their chances for loans and expansion of their farms.
  "At present, they do not have the option of obtaining more land and that
limits their potential development," Stern said.
 Meanwhile, Agri EC chairman for safety Danie Litsenborgh condemned all cases of
farm violence and urged farmers to become involved with the South African Police
Service's rural safety strategy.
 According to statistics presented by Litsenborgh, farm attackers were targeting
fewer smallholdings close to urban areas and shifting their focus to remote
farms.
 They struck in groups of between two and eight, with their average age between
20 and 35.
 Most of the victims were 50 or older and the majority of the attacks happened
at weekends, particularly on Sundays.
 Stern said this year's congress had had a good turnout and raised a number of
interesting discussions.
 "I feel we offered good information to our farmers and are sending them away
with a number of very positive messages," he said.
 JOHANNES MOLLER

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

Public sector banks need to be more cautious: D K Mittal

BYLINE: Dheeraj Tiwari & Vinay Pandey

SECTION: INTERVIEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Financial services secretary D K Mittal says efforts to manage NPAs have yielded
good results. He says his goal is to get state-run banks to work closely.
Excerpts from an interview with ET.

Non-performing loans have become the biggest challenge to the public sector
banks. How are you handling that challenge?

I will not say that bad loans are the biggest and only concern. Of course, we
aim to bring it (NPAs) down. Already, a separate committee on non-performing
loans has been set up which is looking at the issue. Now, we have put a system.
There are quarterly meetings at general manger level. There is better
co-ordination with debt recovery tribunals.

We have achieved recoveries of around Rs 5,000 crore, the highest ever. The
first six months, when there was no such system, it was only about Rs 1,500
crore.

What about big corporate loans. Some of those loans have turned bad and
state-run banks are the largest lenders to some of these firms?

In the last two years this has thrown up a lot of challenges and lessons have
been learnt. State-run banks need to be more cautious, that is there. From our
side we have initiated a few steps like no unsecured lending and then the joint
lending arrangement. This will not only benefit the banks but corporates as
well.

They will not have to run to five banks for getting loan for the same project.
There will be a single appraisal and it will be frozen. No single bank will be
able to raise questions after that.

Corporates can get their loan sanctioned within two months against almost six
months earlier. Of course, banks will benefit as this single appraisal process
will lower the risk.

There is a spike in bad loans in farm sector. Are farmers not repaying in the
hope of waiver?

If there is no corruption in agriculture lending then there is no reason that
why it should go bad. If proper follow up is done, banks will be able to recover
fully because the poor man has no choice. Here he is getting loans at 3%, while
the other choice is a money lender who will charge 24%.



What about lending to the power distribution companies? That is a big source of
worry now...

Lending by banks has to be principle based; not on the basis of ownership. So,
if it's a state-run company then the state should fund the company from its
balance sheet. It has very negative impact on the whole economy if prudential
norms are not followed in such lending.

For example, if banks had not lent to discoms, we would not have this power
shortage. Because discoms would have then increased the tariffs and done the
required reforms. This lending based on ownership can derail the whole economy.

Some of your guidelines are being seen as anti-competition. For example,
insurance companies should not compete among themselves for business?

Insurance companies are losing over Rs 5,000 crore annually. We are not asking
them to rig prices for new customers. We are just saying that be prudent and do
not chase each others customers, and in the name of competition kill yourself.
Because, that way, it is a loss to the public exchequer and if this is being
anti-competitive then we are ok with it. We cannot be silent spectators.

Besides these guidelines not much has happened in the insurance sector...

There are 26 banks so more action is visible but we have taken a lot of steps in
this sector. Insurers have been told to bring profitability, adopt e-payments,
reduce transaction cost and move to tier-III and IV cities. We aim to reduce the
insurance cost and cover a large section of our population.

Why should we under cut each other, why take a policy at all with a loss, what
is a purpose of a balance sheet of Rs 10,000 crore when you are making loss of
Rs 2000 crore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday

Public sector banks need to be more cautious: D K Mittal

BYLINE: Dheeraj Tiwari & Vinay Pandey

SECTION: INTERVIEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Financial services secretary D K Mittal says efforts to manage NPAs have yielded
good results. He says his goal is to get state-run banks to work closely.
Excerpts from an interview with ET.

Non-performing loans have become the biggest challenge to the public sector
banks. How are you handling that challenge?

I will not say that bad loans are the biggest and only concern. Of course, we
aim to bring it (NPAs) down. Already, a separate committee on non-performing
loans has been set up which is looking at the issue. Now, we have put a system.
There are quarterly meetings at general manger level. There is better
co-ordination with debt recovery tribunals.

We have achieved recoveries of around Rs 5,000 crore, the highest ever. The
first six months, when there was no such system, it was only about Rs 1,500
crore.

What about big corporate loans. Some of those loans have turned bad and
state-run banks are the largest lenders to some of these firms?

In the last two years this has thrown up a lot of challenges and lessons have
been learnt. State-run banks need to be more cautious, that is there. From our
side we have initiated a few steps like no unsecured lending and then the joint
lending arrangement. This will not only benefit the banks but corporates as
well.

They will not have to run to five banks for getting loan for the same project.
There will be a single appraisal and it will be frozen. No single bank will be
able to raise questions after that.

Corporates can get their loan sanctioned within two months against almost six
months earlier. Of course, banks will benefit as this single appraisal process
will lower the risk.

There is a spike in bad loans in farm sector. Are farmers not repaying in the
hope of waiver?

If there is no corruption in agriculture lending then there is no reason that
why it should go bad. If proper follow up is done, banks will be able to recover
fully because the poor man has no choice. Here he is getting loans at 3%, while
the other choice is a money lender who will charge 24%.



What about lending to the power distribution companies? That is a big source of
worry now...

Lending by banks has to be principle based; not on the basis of ownership. So,
if it's a state-run company then the state should fund the company from its
balance sheet. It has very negative impact on the whole economy if prudential
norms are not followed in such lending.

For example, if banks had not lent to discoms, we would not have this power
shortage. Because discoms would have then increased the tariffs and done the
required reforms. This lending based on ownership can derail the whole economy.

Some of your guidelines are being seen as anti-competition. For example,
insurance companies should not compete among themselves for business?

Insurance companies are losing over Rs 5,000 crore annually. We are not asking
them to rig prices for new customers. We are just saying that be prudent and do
not chase each others customers, and in the name of competition kill yourself.
Because, that way, it is a loss to the public exchequer and if this is being
anti-competitive then we are ok with it. We cannot be silent spectators.

Besides these guidelines not much has happened in the insurance sector...

There are 26 banks so more action is visible but we have taken a lot of steps in
this sector. Insurers have been told to bring profitability, adopt e-payments,
reduce transaction cost and move to tier-III and IV cities. We aim to reduce the
insurance cost and cover a large section of our population.

Why should we under cut each other, why take a policy at all with a loss, what
is a purpose of a balance sheet of Rs 10,000 crore when you are making loss of
Rs 2000 crore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

PEs create financial burden of Rs 724.38m on government

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 507  words


KATHMANDU: Troubled state-owned enterprises continue to create financial burden
on the government, as they have taken away Rs 724.38 million of taxpayers' money
so far this fiscal year to meet various expenses.

Of this amount, the biggest chunk, or Rs 500 million, went to Janak Education
Materials Centre, a financially troubled state-owned printing company, shows the
latest report of the Ministry of Finance (MoF), which extends money to public
enterprises in the form of loans.

The company had walked away with a loan of Rs 200 million in September to
purchase papers and other raw materials to publish books and settle outstanding
payment related to purchase of machinery parts. It has again asked for a loan of
Rs 300 million for the same purpose.

"The loan amount has already been approved. But the company is yet to collect
the money," a senior MoF official said.

Another public enterprise that borrowed money from the government this fiscal
was Janakpur Cigarette Factory. Although the company has already been shut down
by the government due to its failure to introduce reforms and compete with
private companies, it still took away Rs 173.02 million this fiscal to pay due
tax amounts and settle debt.

MoF report shows that the company had borrowed Rs 29.28 million from the
government to clear its dues at Janakpur Municipality, Rs 111.54 to clear due
tax amount at Inland Revenue Office of Janakpur and Rs 32.20 to settle its debt
at Everest Bank.

Another firm which has continued to exhaust state resources is Nepal Railway
Company. The loss-making company, which uses a beat-up train on 29-km
Janakpur-Jaynagar section, walked away with Rs 17.04 million to settle
liabilities of retired staff members.

Also, Nepal Drugs Limited borrowed Rs 12.80 million from the government to
settle liabilities of retired staff members. Nepal Drugs, which has outstanding
liabilities of around Rs 600 million, still has 243 staff members in its payroll
despite remaining shut for the last four years. As a result, the government has
been forced to fork out over Rs four million per month to cover salary expenses
of the staff at the company.

Similarly, the government extended Rs four million to Nepal Orind Magnetise so
far this fiscal, of which Rs 3.15 million went to pay salaries of staff and the
rest to cover the cost involved in fighting a legal case. "An Indian company,
which was appointed to build a ropeway to ferry stones from the mine to
production site, had filed a court case against Orind Magnetise after it
scrapped construction process midway," said the MoF official.

Among others, Rs 10.57 million went to National Construction Company Nepal to
settle liabilities of staff members who were laid off following closure of the
company, Rs 5.40 million was extended to National Productivity and Economic
Development Centre to clear dues of retired staff and cover remuneration
expenses, and Rs 1.55 million was given to Nepal Metal Company to settle
liabilities of retired staff, cover administrative costs and host annual general
meeting.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Funding and Fiscal Affairs; Farmer Mac
Liquidity Management; Correction

LENGTH: 1503  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Final Rule; Correcting Amendment.
Summary

The Farm Credit Administration (FCA) published a final rule in the Federal
Register on November 1, 2013 to strengthen liquidity risk management at the
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, improve the quality of assets in its
liquidity reserves, and bolster its ability to fund its obligations and continue
operations during times of economic, financial, or market adversity. This
document corrects and clarifies the section amended by final rule.
Unified Agenda
Farmer Mac--Liquidity Management

3 actions from May 8th, 2013 to November 2013

May 8th, 2013
        Proposed Rule; Reopening of Comment Period
        78 FR 26711
    June 7th, 2013
        Reopening Comment Period End
    November 2013
        Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 652
    PART 652--FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION FUNDING AND FISCAL
AFFAIRS

DATES: Back to Top

Effective April 30, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joseph T. Connor, Associate Director for Policy and Analysis, Office of
Secondary Market Oversight, Farm Credit Administration, McLean, VA 22102-5090,
(703) 883-4280, TTY (703) 883-4056; orRichard A. Katz, Senior Counsel, Office of
General Counsel, Farm Credit Administration, McLean, VA 22102-5090, (703)
883-4020, TTY (703) 883-4056.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

The FCA published a final rule in the Federal Register on November 1, 2013, (78
FR 65541) amending part 652. This final rule was corrected on May 20, 2014 (79
FR 28810) to accurately reflect the addition of new definitions. The final rule
became effective on April 30, 2014. See 79 FR 29074, May 21, 2014. Due to a
technical error in the language used in both the correction document and
effective date notice, a portion of 12 CFR 652.5 was inadvertently removed. This
correcting amendment reinstates the section as was intended by both the November
1, 2013, rule and its May 20, 2014, correction.
List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 652 Back to Top

Agriculture
    Banks
    Banking
    Capital
    Investments
    Rural areas

For reasons stated in the preamble, the FCA amends 12 CFR part 652 with the
following correcting amendment:
begin regulatory text
PART 652--FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION FUNDING AND FISCAL AFFAIRS
Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 652 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Secs. 4.12, 5.9, 5.17, 8.11, 8.31, 8.32, 8.33, 8.34, 8.35, 8.36, 8.37, 8.41 of
the Farm Credit Act (12 U.S.C. 2183, 2243, 2252, 2279aa-11, 2279bb, 2279bb-1,
2279bb-2, 2279bb-3, 2279bb-4, 2279bb-5, 2279bb-6, 2279cc); sec. 514 of 102, 106
Stat. 4102; sec. 118 of Pub. L. 104-105, 110 Stat. 168; sec. 939A of 11, 124
Stat. 1326, 1887 (15 U.S.C. 78o-7 note) (July 21, 2010).

2.Revise § 652.5 to read as follows:
§ 652.5 Definitions.

For purposes of this subpart, the following definitions will apply:

Affiliate means any entity established under authority granted to the
Corporation under section 8.3(c)(14) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended.

Asset-backed securities (ABS) mean investment securities that provide for
ownership of a fractional undivided interest or collateral interests in specific
assets of a trust that are sold and traded in the capital markets. For the
purposes of this subpart, ABS exclude mortgage securities that are defined
below.

Cash means cash balances held at Federal Reserve Banks, proceeds from
traded-but-not-yet-settled debt, and deposit accounts at Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation-insured banks.

Contingency Funding Plan (CFP) is described in § 652.35(d)(2).

Eurodollar time deposit means a non-negotiable deposit denominated in United
States dollars and issued by an overseas branch of a United States bank or by a
foreign bank outside the United States.

Farmer Mac, Corporation, you, and your means the Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation and its affiliates.

FCA, our, us, or we means the Farm Credit Administration.

Final maturity means the last date on which the remaining principal amount of a
security is due and payable (matures) to the registered owner. It does not mean
the call date, the expected average life, the duration, or the weighted average
maturity.

General obligations of a state or political subdivision means:

(1) The full faith and credit obligations of a state, the District of Columbia,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, a territory or possession of the United States,
or a political subdivision thereof that possesses general powers of taxation,
including property taxation; or

(2) An obligation that is unconditionally guaranteed by an obligor possessing
general powers of taxation, including property taxation.

Government agency means the United States or an agency, instrumentality, or
corporation of the United States Government whose obligations are fully and
explicitly insured or guaranteed as to the timely repayment of principal and
interest by the full faith and credit of the United States Government.

Government-sponsored agency means an agency, instrumentality, or corporation
chartered or established to serve public purposes specified by the United States
Congress but whose obligations are not fully and explicitly insured or
guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government,
including but not limited to any Government-sponsored enterprise.

Liability Maturity Management Plan (LMMP) is described in § 652.35(d)(2)(iv).

Liquid investments are assets that can be promptly converted into cash without
significant loss to the investor. A security is liquid if the spread between its
bid price and ask price is narrow and a reasonable amount can be sold at those
prices promptly.

Liquidity reserve is described in § 652.40.

Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitment (LTSPC) is a commitment by Farmer Mac to
purchase specified eligible loans on one or more undetermined future dates. In
consideration for Farmer Mac's assumption of the credit risk on the specified
loans underlying an LTSPC, Farmer Mac receives an annual commitment fee on the
outstanding balance of those loans in monthly installments based on the
outstanding balance of those loans.

Market risk means the risk to your financial condition because the value of your
holdings may decline if interest rates or market prices change. Exposure to
market risk is measured by assessing the effect of changing rates and prices on
either the earnings or economic value of an individual instrument, a portfolio,
or the entire Corporation.

Maturing obligations means maturing debt and other obligations that may be
expected, such as buyouts of long-term standby purchase commitments or
repurchases of agricultural mortgage securities.

Mortgage securities means securities that are either:

(1) Pass-through securities or participation certificates that represent
ownership of a fractional undivided interest in a specified pool of residential
(excluding home equity loans), multifamily or commercial mortgages, or

(2) A multiclass security (including collateralized mortgage obligations and
real estate mortgage investment conduits) that is backed by a pool of
residential, multifamily or commercial real estate mortgages, pass-through
mortgage securities, or other multiclass mortgage securities.

(3) This definition does not include agricultural mortgage-backed securities
guaranteed by Farmer Mac itself.

Nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) means a rating
organization that the Securities and Exchange Commission recognizes as an NRSRO.

Non-program investments means investments other than those in:

(1) "Qualified loans" as defined in section 8.0(9) of the Farm Credit Act of
1971, as amended; or

(2) Securities collateralized by "qualified loans."

OSMO means FCA's Office of Secondary Market Oversight.

Program assets means on-balance sheet "qualified loans" as defined in section
8.0(9) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended.

Program obligations means off-balance sheet "qualified loans" as defined in
section 8.0(9) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended.

Regulatory capital means your core capital plus an allowance for losses and
guarantee claims, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Revenue bond means an obligation of a municipal government that finances a
specific project or enterprise, but it is not a full faith and credit
obligation. The obligor pays a portion of the revenue generated by the project
or enterprise to the bondholders.

Weighted average life (WAL) means the average time until the investor receives
the principal on a security, weighted by the size of each principal payment and
calculated under specified prepayment assumptions.Show citation box
end regulatory text

Dated: September 3, 2014.

Dale L. Aultman,

Secretary, Farm Credit Administration Board.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 6, 1990, Sunday

SA ready to adjust the lie of the land; Ross Dunn in Johannesburg on proposals
for a farming out of land in a new republic

BYLINE: From ROSS DUNN in Johannesburg

SECTION: BUSINESS ON SUNDAY WORLD PAGE; Page 14

LENGTH: 745 words


SOUTH AFRICAN agriculture is set to be transformed as the country's black
majority prepares to regain the right to ownership of land, swept from their
hands at the onset of colonialism.

Even before their peace talks last week, the African National Congress and the
ruling National Party had been investigating ways to provide equal access to
land ownership for both blacks and whites.

Any changes would radically transform South Africa's agriculture and
dramatically boost its productivity. Large but inefficient white-owned farms,
propped up by government subsidies, may give way to bigger numbers of black
farmers on smaller but more productive plots of land.

The key will be abolition of the avowedly racist Land Acts, which predate
apartheid. Passed in 1913, the acts restrict blacks to owning land in specific
areas, which amount to just 13 per cent of the country's land mass. Fragmented
and mostly of poor quality, these areas form the basis of the black homelands,
which for more than 40 years stood at the centre of the apartheid system. The
land acts forbid blacks from owning the huge and bountiful farms of Cape
Province and Orange Free State which bear the country's fruit, maize and wheat.

Both the ANC and the government had already recognised that the removal of the
Land Acts - as well as the Group Areas Act, which racially segregates
residential areas - will be part of negotiations to create a new political order
in which blacks are represented for the first time.

But simple repeal of the acts to allow all South Africans to own and occupy land
wherever they choose will not solve the issues of lack of access to capital,
skills and infrastructure for black farmers. White thinking on these issues is
more developed than that of the ANC, which still has no specific land policy,
beyond calling for radical redistribution of ownership.

One institution that might play a key role is the government-owned Development
Bank of Southern Africa, set up in 1983 to finance infrastructure projects in
the homelands. Simon Brand, chairman and chief executive of the bank, says he
can provide loans to black farmers.

The problem remains that nearly all South Africa's farms would be too large for
blacks, even if they did have access to finance - a function again of South
Africa's myriad economic regulations, in this case the Subdivision of Land Act,
which prevents farms being split up without government permission. This law too
may have to go or be modified.

Mr Brand is a believer in the view that bigger may not be better. An
agricultural economist, he believes that the developing world has shown that
small farming can be more efficient. ''We have to get away from the fictitious
argument that smaller farms would mean less efficient production,'' he said.
''Small landholders could in fact be more effective in the use of resources than
larger-scale agricultural enterprises.'' His bank found that, for example, small
sugar farmers in Natal and Eastern Transvaal were producing higher yields than
large- scale farmers.

At an agricultural conference recently, Mr Brand noted the tendency of South
African farms to grow ever larger. But he said that the advantages of large
farms were likely to decline if the government was to allow them greater
exposure to market forces. Yet, even with subsidisation, only a small proportion
of white commercial farmers have proved successful. For example, in 1983, only
27.5 per cent of them accounted for 72.8 per cent of gross farm income.

Mr Brand stressed that he is not interested in mere subdivision of these large
farms into smaller ones, which could in fact reduce productivity. ''But if we
also make sure the support services which white farmers have are available to
the small black farmers, there is evidence to suggest that they could be even
more effective in agricultural production,'' he said.

Even before the constitutional negotiations are completed, the government may
take the first steps to building up a black commercial farming sector. There was
speculation last week that it may soon sell or lease to black farmers about 14
million hectares of land originally earmarked for incorporation into the black
homelands.

One suggestion being considered was to transfer the land to successful black
farmers without charge after a specified period. Illustrating how history can
repeat itself, this is a privilege once conferred on white farmers in parts of
colonial Africa.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Independent Print Ltd


                              658 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Fran O"Sullivan: Chinese get message: We"re open for business

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 949 words


Bill English has sent a clear message to China that New Zealand is open for
business.

New Zealand needs direct foreign investment and China should be at the table was
the upshot of the Finance Minister"s speech to the Victoria University-Peking
University Conference on Contemporary China in Wellington this week.

Not only does the Government need to sell its bonds (and China is a substantial
investor at a time when there is strong pressure in the international debt
markets) but New Zealand also needs to attract long-term co-investors from
overseas to invest in major infrastructures such as the Christchurch rebuild and
potentially Auckland"s transport projects.

Substantial licks of capital will be required in coming years.

There are not too many nations with significant foreign reserves at their
disposal for this purpose.

Kiwi firms such as Fonterra, Rakon and Richina already have significant
investments in China. But the overall footprint is small.

Although China is rapidly becoming New Zealand"s major trading partner, the
investment relationship is much smaller than the trading links.

China is New Zealand"s 11th largest source of foreign direct investment. China
is also the 13th biggest investment destination for NZ firms investing overseas.

English"s speech was carefully crafted to try to defuse domestic concerns over
foreign direct investment - particularly from China.

He noted that firms built up under foreign ownership could move or return to NZ
ownership, citing the Shell petrol stations which were recently acquired by New
Zealand-owned Z Energy.

He also stressed that large-scale local and foreign corporate farm owners soon
realised they had to "live it and love it" in order to make any money out of
farming.

But while English clearly wants to defuse hostile sentiment over Shanghai
Pengxin"s acquisition of the 16 Crafar dairy farms, he may have stretched the
point when talking to journalists. English was reported as saying he would not
be surprised if the farms reverted to New Zealand ownership sometime in the
future.

But Shanghai Pengxin had bought them with goodwill and stuck it out through two
testing years to get their operation: first buying the farms then setting up a
dairy exporting business to China.

The reality is that Shanghai Pengxin is not going to be leaving New Zealand any
time soon.

Shanghai Pengxin chairman Jiang Zhaobai outlined a very ambitious investment
agenda during a trip to New Zealand a fortnight ago when he said he intended to
explore investments in other areas such as vineyards, mineral water, aquaculture
and processing in New Zealand.

"By combining the various agro-activities in South America, New Zealand and
China, Pengxin aspires to create a modern agro-industrial integration and
produce safer, healthier and better food for people in China," a Pengxin
memorandum disclosed.

"From the world"s field to China"s dining table - that"s our vision and Pengxin
will achieve everything there is to achieve."

It is still possible that two iwi might seek leave from the Court of Appeal to
challenge the court"s judgment in the Supreme Court.

But assuming there are no further legal delays, Shanghai Pengxin is expected to
move swiftly to settle the Crafar farms acquisition.

There are also elements to be finalised with Landcorp, which has entered into a
deal to manage the farms.

Pengxin has to confirm its lines of credit in China (all private companies
seeking to buy assets overseas as part of China"s Go Global thrust must do
this).

It also needs to finalise approval from the Shanghai Foreign Exchange
Commission.

Pengxin"s holding costs will be significant.

The appreciation of the NZ dollar since the Chinese firm announced its bid in
late 2010 will also affect the underlying financials.

These factors - plus the significant goodwill in the bid price (which English
noted) - will clearly put pressure on its NZ subsidiary Milk New Zealand to
perform.

But it does not seem likely that Pengxin will be bowing out of its New Zealand
dairy farms investment in the short to medium term. The group plans to invest a
further $100 million to renovate and expand the existing farms to increase
capacity, and make further improvements to milk sheds, equipment, grass and soil
conditions and research and development.

In material circulated to prospective co-investors, Pengxin hinted it might make
low interest loans available to "low-order sharemilkers" - aka young farmers -
to help them become 50-50 sharemilkers.

The Pengxin document outlines plans to set up a proper management company in New
Zealand which would engage experienced Kiwi professionals and hire Kiwi
sharemilkers.

Other planned initiatives will be to introduce advanced bio-fertiliser
technology to the farms.

During its visit, Pengxin outlined a tentative development plan.

The company would sell milk to Fonterra in the initial stage, then look for
local dairy companies to co-operate on manufacturing and packaging UHT fresh
milk which would be exported to the Chinese market.

It would also seek to invest $50 million into dairy manufacturing and R&D
facilities in New Zealand (this is in line with plans disclosed in its Overseas
Investment Office application).

During his New Zealand visit, Jiang met a number of Maori business leaders
including Ngai Tahu chairman Mark Solomon plus Richard Wyeth who is chief
executive of Miraka.

Last week, Jiang finally got the OIO"s approval for a proposed investment in his
private capacity to purchase a Gulf Harbour project which has been in
receivership.

Jiang has 45 per cent, his co-investors include Shanghai Zendai (45 per cent)
and Terry Lee (10 per cent).

Shanghai Pengxin is at the beginning of its investment cycle here - not the end.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 28, 2008 Sunday

Grant awarded for home relief

BYLINE: REAL ESTATE NOTEBOOK TIM TRESSLAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 400 words


A Cincinnati financial institution on Sept. 25 awarded a $200,000 grant to help
several Dayton housing advocates and lenders fight foreclosures.

The Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati's grant - one of seven the organization
awarded in Ohio - will fund mortgage counseling and foreclosure mitigation
services, a press release states.

Wright-Patt Credit Union, St. Mary Development Corp. and the Homeownership
Center of Greater Dayton are among the institutions able to tap into the bank's
"Preserving the American Dream Grant."

Other participants include Day Air Credit Union Inc., Fifth Third Bank, Liberty
Savings Bank FSB, National City Bank, River Valley Credit Union Inc. and
Universal 1 Credit Union Inc.

The program makes available up to $3,500 to homeowners for foreclosure
prevention counseling or for other foreclosure mitigation steps, a press release
states.

"Our members and housing partners told us of the difficulties they had coping
with foreclosures in their communities," David Hehman, president of the Federal
Home Loan Bank, said in a prepared statement. "In many cases, the homeowners
needed just a few thousand dollars to become current on their mortgages and stay
in their homes."

Design Homes and Development to open Soraya Farms office

Design Homes and Development will open a sales office at Soraya Farms, a
171-acre development in Clearcreek Twp., on Monday, Sept. 29, as work on the
neighborhood's first phase continues.

Plans call for the development to include retail, condos and single-family
homes, said Angela Ernst-Clark, vice president of sales and marketing.

A dozen condos are under construction, with the first expected to be finished
within a week, Ernst-Clark said. The company also has installed a clubhouse,
tennis courts and other amenities, she said.

Prices for the condos will range from $227,000 to $330,000, she said. The units
will range in size from 1,700 to 2,900 square feet.

Plans call for the development to include up to 148 condos and 231 single-family
homes, Ernst-Clark said.

Six acres of the project will be devoted to retail, such as coffee shops, ice
cream parlors or dry cleaners, said Cindy Pozsgai, a sales consultant with
Design Homes.

Staff writer Tim Tresslar covers commercial and residential real estate for
Dayton Daily News. His Real Estate Notebook appears every Sunday. He can be
reached at (937) 225-7317 or via e-mail at ttresslar@coxohio.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              660 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 8, 2014 Friday
                              Business Day Edition

Ownership no longer the key to empowering farm workers

BYLINE: Doreen Atkinson

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 1306  words


Land reform

Ownership no longer the key to empowering farm workers

IT IS evident that Rural Development and Land Reform Minister Gugile Nkwinti has
the best of intentions in designing a new policy to empower farm workers.
Unfortunately, these proposals are based on assumptions that are about a century
out of date.

The proposal is that 50% of privately owned farm land be purchased by the state
and made available to farm workers, to farm in collaboration with the previous
owner. (Will it be only white farms, or land belonging to black private farmers?
Will this policy be racialised from inception?)

The fatal flaw in Nkwinti's reasoning is that land is the most critical
productive asset. In some sense, of course, agriculture does require land, but
it does not require land to be owned. Access to land is not the same as land
ownership. Rental land is often less risky, as it requires less start-up
capital, fewer loans, and renters can decide to terminate leases if and when
they want to cease operations, or move elsewhere. A healthy rental land market,
particularly for small and start-up farmers, is a very useful institution.
Concrete steps can be taken to promote such a land market by encouraging farmers
to rent their land at market-related rentals, and by helping would-be renters
with accurate information, and practical guidance in drafting rental contracts.
In fact, much of agriculture does not require much land at all. Modern
capital-intensive agriculture requires a small area for tunnel crops, chicken
farms, high-value fruit, or even multiple cropping systems.

But the issue goes much deeper than this. Land is only one factor of production
in a large set of requirements, including access to capital, technology, markets
and commercial networks. As the land redistribution and restitution policies
have shown repeatedly, giving someone land without a sustainable supply of the
other factors is a recipe for failure, poverty and demoralisation.

So what can be done about farm workers? I offer some suggestions, tested
recently on a group of senior agricultural extension officers in the Western
Cape.

The category of & farm workers& needs to be interrogated. Firstly, farm workers
range from manual labourers to skilled users of technology, and from temporary
workers to supervisors and managers. Secondly, not all farm workers are black
people - as we go up the skills and salary scale, more white people are
agricultural employees.

It makes more sense to start talking of agricultural employees, rather than farm
workers. The latter term conjures up penniless, black or coloured, unskilled,
deprived workers, with no other option than to sell their services at low pay.
Of course there are such workers, but they are certainly not the only part of
the spectrum of agricultural employees. So there cannot be a one-size-fits-all
policy for all these categories.

Agricultural employees range in age, from young (16) to retirement age and
beyond. Their needs are likely to be very different. Where to live (on-farm or
off-farm), whether to own or rent a house, cultivate crops or keep livestock as
a sideline income, leave agriculture altogether, or return - these decisions are
determined fundamentally by the age of a farm worker.

This leads us to consider the future of agricultural employees in terms of a
career trajectory. For a young, unskilled worker, the basic minimum wage is
acceptable, as long as he or she acquires skills, networks and a useful CV. This
is similar to young people in the cities, who may start their careers flipping
burgers or being a teller before graduating upwards, or studying part-time, or
leaving for a better-paid job in another field. The crucial need, for a young
person in agriculture, is certainly not land ownership.

For a middle-aged person, a basic minimum wage is often not acceptable to raise
a family and secure a reliable income for retirement. For a part-time,
retirement-age worker, a different salary structure may need to apply. Once
again, there is no single solution. For such employees, access to land may be a
useful component of a livelihood basket - or it may not. More important may be
home ownership, good schools for their children, good jobs for their spouses,
good pension schemes and good medical aid.

So what to do? To truly empower agricultural employees involves looking at each
person's age, income and skills level, and assisting that person to develop his
or her career prospects. Firstly, and most critically, is access to training,
whether it is in-service or formal training, or preferably both. We should take
practical and financial steps to encourage all farmers to invest in their
employees' training. Secondly, we should create effective agricultural labour
markets, so employees can move from one job to another, one sector to another or
one location to another, improving their job prospects as they go. This requires
district-wide agricultural employment desks (probably managed by departments of
agriculture, or even district municipalities) where farmers can post job
advertisements, and employees can find the right job that promotes their
careers.

As skill levels increase, no person should be regarded as trapped in
agriculture. A person with mechanical skills, for example, could find employment
in agriculture, fixing tractors, or at a service station, fixing cars. Employees
should be able to enter and exit the agricultural sector as they prefer, or as
their needs change. Furthermore, low-skilled jobs in agriculture are a good
starting place for young, unskilled workers, but as their skills and choices
improve, they could exit agriculture - and possibly re-enter it later.

Research in the Free State and Northern Cape showed farmers have an urgent need
for more skilled workers. Such skills include literacy, farm management, animal
care and disease management. There was also a dire need for life-skills
training, including family financial management, time management, social skills,
HIV and TB management. Many farmers were keen to build employees' skills but
training colleges and training courses are few. Government-sponsored training
services are bureaucratic and cumbersome.

The current Nkwinti proposal sets commercial agriculture at loggerheads with
farm workers. Just as in the case of the Extension of Security of Tenure Act,
these proposals create a zero-sum game. This is fundamentally misguided, in a
sector battling to hold its own in a faltering economy and faced with stiff
international competition. We need to empower farm workers in ways that will
boost commercial agriculture, not threaten its viability. In sum, we need to
boost agricultural employees' skills and productivity. This will directly, and
simultaneously, improve their job prospects and incomes, and boost production
and profitability.

Nkwinti is trying to use the heavy hammer of expensive and dangerous land-reform
policy to improve the prospects of agricultural employees. In the 19th century,
the struggle over land was indeed the major dimension of empowerment. But we now
live in the 21st century, where hard skills, soft skills, practical experience,
networks, internet connectivity, and access to effective job markets are what
drive the empowerment of individuals. We know this is how it works in the
cities; why not in the countryside? Once a person has skills, he or she can
access capital, and then access land (rental or owned land), in the amounts and
location most suitable to his or her desired investment.

Skills come first. Then economic networks, then career paths, then capital, and
only then, access to land. In that order.

& 8226;Atkinson is senior researcher at the Centre for Development Support,
University of the Free State.

Skills come first. Then economic networks, then career paths, then capital, and
only then, access to land

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

Land distribution scheme: For some peasants, free land brings litigation and
more problems than solutions

BYLINE:  Z Ali

LENGTH: 601  words


Much has been bragged about the government's distribution of free agricultural
land among landless peasants, but an assessment of the project's success has
rarely come in the public eye. A public hearing of the peasants in Umerkot
district revealed a different side of the story to the Sindh government's claim
of having transformed thousands of lives by handing over 16 to 25 acres free
land.

The event, Land Hearing, was organised by Oxfam in Umerkot on Thursday which was
attended by around 150 beneficiaries of the free land.

"Ironically, the free land has so far only increased our plight and made us
redundant," said Khadija Chachar, a resident of village Kadu Chachar in taluka
Samaro.

Chachar claims that she was given only four acres but it was already under the
possession of a landlord. "I sold my goats to hire a lawyer, hoping that I will
win the case because I have the original documents given by the government." But
she regretted that her hopes were dashed and now she finds it hard to continue
spending on the litigation any longer. "It involves travelling from Samaro to
Mirpurkhas to attend the hearings, which also means a day's loss of work."

The beneficiaries like Chachar abound in Umerkot. A majority of the problems
expressed at the hearing pertained to the litigation issues.

Umerkot deputy commissioner Ahmed Ali Shah acknowledged this problem. "The land
that we gave to the peasants was owned by the state in the revenue records." His
statement implied that the physical possession of that land was not reviewed
while handing over the ownership documents to the peasants. "A large part of
Umerkot is made up of the desert and we found it hard to arrange 16 to 25 acres
per peasant." In their campaign, the Sindh government had announced to give 16
acres in the barrage areas and 25 acres in the barren areas to the landless
peasants.

However, a total of 2,016 acres distributed among 433 peasants in Umerkot till
2010 show that an average of less than five acres was actually given to the
peasants.

Financial woes

The peasants also face financial problems in cultivating the land. In the
absence of bank loans, they are left at the mercy of the commission agents and
loan sharks who charge up to 50 per cent interest per anum. Saun Bahi, who lives
in village Nabi Sir, displayed her mangalsutra a piece of jewellery worn by
married Hindu women and said it is her only worthy possession besides the land
she owns.

"We have sold almost everything to cultivate our five acres of land. Our
earnings are wasted over interest payments and on buying expensive farm inputs,"
she claimed. Saun Bai, however, hoped that the government would provide them
free inputs at least for a few initial years.

According to Aamna Pali of village Karo Pali, the big landlords steal from their
water share as their lands are also located closer to the minor and water
courses. The lands given to the poor peasants are mostly either at the tail-end
or not connected with the irrigation network.

However, the free land distribution scheme also has some success stories, as
noted by the organisers and Pakistan Peoples Party's general secretary Taj
Hyder. Hyder while defending the initiative said that the problems mentioned by
the peasants will go away with time.

The development analyst and social activist, Zulfiqar Halepoto, said that the
land distribution scheme will not succeed unless the government addressed these
complaints. He also drew attention towards the 'proxy ownership' issue under
which the male members of a family have the physical ownership of the land,
leaving women only as titular owners.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           November 14, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'The Archers' farm ploughs its own furrow

SECTION: BUSINESS AND PROPERTY REVIEW;BUSINESS; Pg. 10,11

LENGTH: 1212 words


SEBASTIAN Parsons is not your average landowner but then there is nothing
average about the 190 acres his family owns in a corner of Worcestershire.

Just a few miles from the sprawling West Midlands conurbation, the Parsons
family have created a working farm and business park that is not just an
environmental utopia but is also piquing the interest of the ethical investment
community.

The Parsons have a long association with Rush Farm and the current operation
builds on the foundations first laid by Sebastian's grandfather more than 70
years ago when he started one of the UK's first bio-dynamic farms.

Today Rush Farm - fabled to be the farm that inspired the long-running Radio 4
soap The Archers - is an exemplar of biodiversity. The farm's 190 acres are made
up of woodland and rich pasture for its herds of Lleyn sheep and Hereford cattle
with just a fifth of the land used as part of a nine year rotation cycle to grow
cereals for straw bedding for the cattle and to take to market. From nesting
lapwings to resident barn owls, it is a farm very much at peace with its
surroundings.

In an era of intensive farming this is unusual in itself and Rush Farm is able
to focus on maintaining its unique habitat rather than maximum financial return
thanks to the success of its adjoining business park, which is currently home to
19 successful businesses and is run along the same ethos as the neighbouring
farm.

Indeed, the operation and its principles mean so much to the Parsons family -
the farm and business park are run by Sebastian's father Adrian - that they have
launched a highly unusual project to ensure that the farm and business park can
continue its work for generations to come.

Earlier this year Sebastian decided that the best solution to ensure a long-term
sustainable future for both operations was to create a community trust and then
raise the funds so that the trust could acquire the site. The end result would
be that the Parsons family, which also runs ethical skin care business Elysia
from the business park, would become tenants and the business would be owned by
likeminded shareholders. "We've worked our whole life to make something
special," said Sebastian.

"We want to protect something in perpetuity and we believe the solution is a
community trust ownership rather than private ownership."

In keeping with the anything-butaverage approach to business at Rush Farm,
Sebastian has turned to crowdfunding to raise the capital to acquire the farm
and business park with an offer of a five per cent annual return for investors
after two years. With returns up to 10 times what an investor could expect from
your average savings account, unsurprisingly there has been no shortage of
takers although Sebastian is not looking for just any investor.

He said: "Crowd-funding is becoming an increasingly attractive vehicle to raise
capital with the market growing all the time. What made it attractive in this
instance is that it tends to attract investors who want to take an active role
and ultimately we want people to invest who don't just care about the return but
also support the principles that underpin the values of the Stockwood Community
Benefit Society (SCBS).

"These shares can be handed down so that families can continue to support the
objectives we are trying to achieve at the farm and, because the business park
is included, then there is a return of five per cent so it also makes financial
sense," he said.

"The Stockwood Community Benefit Society is trying to protect Rush Farm for the
future and, after six or seven years working intensively, it has been recognised
by Natural England as a fantastic example of a bio-dynamic operation.

"We want members of the public to engage as well as business park tenants to
invest, and neighbours and people that live in the area to join in. It is a
flexible investment ranging from just £100 to £20,000. The £100 share could be a
gift as each share is precious; it represents something good in the world. Even
one share means you have a say in what happens to the farm and the business
park, it means you can walk the land because it is yours. It is a co-operative
with one person one vote and everybody who makes an investment is part of a
team.

"We are looking to fund the full £2.5 million purchase price through layers. We
want to raise what we can through membership but we can also borrow from the
bank if needed. We want this project to be inclusive, not exclusive and people
do not need a big budget to get involved. It is something parents can buy and
hand down to their children because it is about doing something for the long
term. This place is not going anywhere and there is also a financial return with
an upward investment limit of £20k although there is also the opportunity for
members who want to invest more to make a loan."

Dan Ballard, of Worcesterbased chartered surveyors Halls Wilkins Commercial
which manages the business park, said creating the new ownership structure for
the farm and business park was unusual but undoubtedly sat comfortably with the
aims and objectives of the site.

He said: "We have looked after the business park for a decade and during that
time it has been very successful and essentially outperformed the market during
the current economic downturn. There are a real range of businesses at the
business park, from accountants to a classic Mercedes specialist, and there is
no doubt that tenants enjoy the rural environment and surroundings which is
pretty unique for a business park in the region.

"For our part we carry out general property management services for the Parsons
family, from collecting rent and service charge to dealing with lease renewals
and rent reviews, and we are looking forward to working with the new trust to
ensure it gets the most out of this fantastic asset in the years to come."

It is the success of the business park that makes the investment such an
attractive one and why there have been no shortage up to now of those willing to
contribute. The business park currently gives a return of eight per cent and
following its acquisition by the SCBS, five per cent will be returned to
investors while the other three per cent will be used to develop the project.

Sebastian is clear that there is always risk with any investment but is also
confident that the SCBS offers a significant amount of security in what are
generally uncertain times. He said: "This isn't a bank, it is an investment so
if the rent isn't there then the dividend isn't going to be paid.

"However, the business park is fully let, we had just three voids at the height
of the recession and we currently have 19 tenants across 27 units. What is
fantastic is that this is a business park where tenants want to stay and we have
been able to accommodate their growth. There have been new tenants but much of
the growth has been internal.

"Ultimately this is an ethical investment. In some ways we are the same as any
rural business park but we are also different in terms of the way that we are
working the asset so that we divert the income for ethical benefit as well as
having an on-going dialogue with the tenants about sharing our own principles
around issues such as recycling and their general use of the assets and that's
incredibly exciting."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stockwood Business Park and >Rush Farm are situated next door to each
other
Dan Ballard, Sebastian Parsons and Adrian Parsons

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMP


               Copyright 2013 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

ABA Issues Guide To FmHA Lending

                           April 18, 1979, Wednesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


To encourage use of the guaranteed loan programs offered by the Farmers Home
Administration, the American Bankers Association has introduced a publication to
provide bankers "how-to-do-it" information for each of the programs.

Entitled "A Banker's Guide to the Farmers Home Administration Guaranteed Loan
Programs," the publication is the most comprehensive and systematic presentation
available on FmHA guaranteed loan programs, Charles N. Finson, chairman of the
sponsoring ABA agricultural bankers division, said.

FmHA has earmarked $50 million for farm ownership loan guarantees and $25
million for farm operating loan guarantees.  The natural emergency loan
guarantees may run as high as $2.5 billion.  These authorizations will expire if
not used by Sept. 30, the FmHA has advised.

"FmHA guaranteed loan programs make good business sense," Mr. Finson declared.
"They provide a business opportunity for bankers as well as additional sources
of funds for bank customers and the community where a bank is located.

"The guide contains a full description of each program, from making the loans to
closing, and includes information on marketing, servicing and much more."

Mr. Finson is also the president of the $32 million-deposit National Bank of
Monticello, Ill.

He noted three basic objectives for the guide: identify and analyze the
advantages and disadvantages to banks for participating in the loan programs;
provide step-by-step procedures and examples of forms and supportive materials
needed for making loans in each guaranteed loan program and assist banks in
complying with the requirements and conditions of the regulations without
reading through all of their complexities.

Changes in the FmHA guaranteed loan programs that affect the ABA guide will be
printed in the agricultural division's Agricultural Banker newsletter.

The guide is available as No. 049100 from Order Processing, ABA, 1120
Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington 20036.  The price is $25 to ABA members and
$32 to nonmembers.

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 339 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                              664 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 7, 1992, Saturday

THE NATION

BYLINE: By Sallye Salter STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section D; Page 3

LENGTH: 791 words


Airfare hike postponed. A 2 percent increase in domestic leisure- type airfares
has been delayed until March 14. The boost was to have taken effect Friday, but
Continental Airlines pushed it back, forcing other airlines to follow suit.

The boost would affect only non-refundable fares requiring advance purchases and
weekend stayovers.

Freddie Mac to sell stock to the public. Freddie Mac, the congressionally
chartered housing company, said Friday it will sell its stock directly to the
public for the first time.

The board of the company, more formally known as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corp., approved issuance of as much as $ 750 million of preferred stock, to be
traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The company anticipates issuing $ 500
million, although the larger amount was authorized.

Before 1988, the company's shares could only be owned and traded by federally
insured savings institutions. The ownership restrictions were lifted then,
allowing S&Ls to sell the shares to the public, but until now the company had
not issued new stock directly to the public.

The board also approved a 3-for-1 stock split, tripling the company's
outstanding shares to 180 million from 60 million. It also authorized a 14
percent increase in its first-quarter dividend to 57 cents per share from 50
cents. The company's stock jumped $ 7.25 to $ 120 Friday.

Both the stock split and the stock offering are subject to approval by Housing
and Urban Development Secretary Jack F. Kemp, whose department regulates the
company.

2 defendants settle in asbestos case. Owens-Illinois and Fibreboard Corp., two
of 14 defendants in a huge asbestos personal injury case set for trial, have
settled out of court, a judge said Friday.

Owens-Illinois settled with about 90 percent of the plaintiffs, and Fibreboard
settled with all of the plaintiffs, Baltimore City Circuit Judge Marshal Levin
said.

Terms of the settlements were not released.

Monsanto awarded damages from Crum and Forster. After a trial that lasted four
months, a jury has awarded Monsanto Co., a leading chemical company, more than $
13 million in actual damages and $ 50 million in punitive damages from the Crum
and Forster Inc. insurer and several subsidiaries.

Monsanto had asked for $ 315 million for damages in connection with Crum and
Forster's failure to reimburse Monsanto for money the chemical company had lost
in past lawsuits.

Crum and Forster is the property casualty insurance unit of Xerox Financial
Services Inc., part of Xerox Corp., a major producer of business products.

Milken settlement hearing set for Monday. A federal judge Friday gave lawyers
time to renegotiate a settlement of civil lawsuits against jailed financier
Michael Milken that derailed when thrift regulators rejected a $ 1.3 billion
deal.

U.S. District Judge Milton Pollack delayed until Monday a hearing on a
settlement spurned by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., which demanded more
information about Milken's personal wealth.

A pact would resolve all lawsuits against the former Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
junk bond financier and other Drexel executives, about 150 in total, stemming
from Milken's admitted crimes and other unproven allegations.

Lawyers in the case said they were confident they could resolve the FDIC's
concerns. Negotiations resumed Friday.

Dollar seen rising in first half of year. The U.S. dollar is likely to repeat
last year's pattern of rising in the first half and declining later in the year,
currency traders forecast.

The dollar's advance will be fueled by signs of a U.S. economic rebound, while
the fall will be based on dashed hopes as the recovery fades, traders said.

Earl Johnson, chief foreign exchange dealer at Harris Trust and Savings Bank,
Chicago, said the economy is creating jobs and the Federal Reserve is unlikely
to ease monetary policy, which points to a rising dollar.

Many traders, however, said they don't believe in the sustainment of the
economic recovery and that the "double dip" in the economy could turn into a
"triple" downturn.

The best tactic may be to buy the dollar in January and sell it in June, said
Francoise Soares-Kemp, member of senior management in the private banking group
at Credit Suisse.

Savings bond sales down from January. February sales of U.S. savings bonds
totaled $ 1.2 billion, the Treasury says. In January, savings bonds sales
totaled a record $ 1.3 billion.

The value of U.S. savings bonds held by Americans reached an all- time high of $
140.78 billion, compared with $ 128.53 billion a year ago.

The current semiannual market-based interest rate for savings bonds is 6.38
percent, with a guaranteed minimum rate of 6 percent, as long as they're held
for five years or longer.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              665 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

Area man named to state USDA committee

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


Sept. 28--T. Pender Sharp III, chairman of the USDA North Carolina Farm Service
Agency State Committee, announced Doane J. Cottle of Duplin County has been
appointed as a member of the agency's State Committee.

Sharp, a producer from Wilson County, said Cottle's wealth of experience in
produce farming brings a unique benefit to the NC FSA State Committee.

"Doane's family is renowned as organic farmers," said Sharp. "His knowledge will
assist the committee in our responsibility to set yields and prices on
commodities that qualify for loss assistance."

The NC FSA State Committee members oversee the activities of the agency,
including carrying out the state agricultural conservation programs, resolving
appeals from the agriculture community and helping to keep producers informed
about FSA programs.

Other individuals serving on the committee are Thomas O. Gilmore of Julian, John
E. Ashe Jr. of Reidsville, and Nancy Fish of Maggie Valley.

USDA's Farm Service Agency works to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural Americans. Some of the agency's efforts include
facilitating income support, disaster assistance and conservation programs,
providing operating loans for the procurement of farm equipment, seed and
fertilizer, as well as offering ownership loans to help new and veteran
producers purchase a farm. FSA also works to procure various commodities to
benefit low-income families through domestic food assistance programs. The
Wilson County FSA office is located at 1806 Goldsboro St., SW, Wilson.

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130928-ZW-Area-man-named-to-state-USDA-committee-0928-20130928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                              666 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Risky business

BYLINE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 298  words


If there were an award for Bad Idea of the Week, it would go to the folks behind
a new financial program in the U.S. called Affordable Advantage.

Affordable Advantage aims to allow Americans to buy houses with hardly any down
payment. After all, home ownership is an American birthright, isn't it?

Actually, home ownership isn't a right, and one would have thought that the U.S.
had learned that lesson. The economic meltdown in that country, which spread to
the rest of the world, was caused in large measure by mass defaulting on
mortgages and home equity loans that should never been made in the first place.

The New York Times recently profiled a man who earns a tiny salary working as a
producer for a Christian television ministry, yet was able to buy a $115,000
three-bedroom home with only $1,000 cash. He didn't even have to pay any closing
or insurance costs.

So far, housing agencies in only a few states are offering these deals. In
fairness, the loans aren't quite as outrageous as the sort that occurred during
the housing boom. Homebuyers must at least show they have an income, and they
undergo financial counseling on managing debt. (During the crazy days of the
subprime boom, there were reports of Mexican strawberry pickers in California
who didn't speak English yet were approved for $750,000 mortgages.)

One reason Canada hasn't endured the same economic turmoil as the U.S. is that
our lending practices are more conservative. In Canada, consumers are not
allowed to buy houses without a down payment of at least five per cent. Some
Canadian economists think even that's too risky. Until recently the minimum down
payment was 10 per cent.

Canadians sometimes tease ourselves about our conservative temperament,
economically speaking, but it's not such a bad thing to have.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

Slavery exists

BYLINE: Meena Gabeena

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 474

LENGTH: 1136  words


This injustice I face is not my fate Veerji Kolhi (advocate/social activist,
involved in bonded labour for four years.)

Bonded labour is an extensive form of slavery. It is a system of forced labour,
under which a debtor enters or is presumed to have entered into an agreement
with the creditor for doing work in consideration of a said amount, which
sometimes is of a substantial nature. As defined by the International Labour
Organisation (ILO), A bonded labourer refers to a worker who renders service
under conditions of bondage arising from economic considerations, notably
indebtedness through a loan or advance. When debt is the root cause of the
bondage, the implication is that the worker (or dependents or heirs) is tied to
a particular creditor for a specified period until the loan is repaid. Bonded
labour exists in all areas of Pakistan in one way or another. It exists in
agriculture with farmers working in the fields, brick kilns and even in
factories and mines.

Ten years ago, we had drought in our village, Koya Nagarparkar, and we had to
migrate to Umarkot to a feudal lord's farm. The feudal lord offered us work and
good wages, so we started working there. His men followed us while we worked and
made our lives very hard, especially for our young unmarried girls. The men who
married women from other villages were told that the feudal lord would
consummate the first night of marriage because he bore the expenses of the
wedding. Men and women used to work separately and we did not see our men for
six months in the rainy season. Many people were killed and buried in the fields
where they would run over the remains with a tractor at night removing any trace
of the corpse. They also made life very hard for my husband. One day, they
called him to the meeting area and offered him money. For two days nobody knew
where he was and on the third day we received his dead body - Punni (documented
by Mehrgarh, a centre for learning)

Bonded labour is deeply rooted in the exploitative feudal system, which operates
on power hierarchies, absolute control over people's true democratic rule and
elected democracies, and has been further worsened by the recent devastating
economic situation in Pakistan that has pushed countless people below the
poverty line. From taking loans for marriages and medical assistance to simply
surviving and feeding oneself, individuals not only pledge themselves but their
entire families into bonded labour. Illiteracy has played its part in worsening
the situation as people with financial needs are tricked into taking loans that
are impossible to pay off in the given time frame and, therefore, are passed on
down in the family.

High interest rates, low wages and the employers' negligent attitude towards
labourers are just some of the reasons a loan is impossible to pay off. In a
majority of the cases, the employer tampers with loan records and coerces the
labourer to work indefinitely or face the consequences. The debt accumulated is
passed down from generation to generation thereby creating an irreversible cycle
of slavery. Bonded child labour is also a result of the peshgi system where a
family member takes advance payment from an employer and in return pledges the
child to work until the loan is paid off. The landed aristocracy has either
maintained strong ties with elected assemblies or are sometimes even a part of
them. Similarly, as a controlled mechanism, they have kept strong ties with the
law enforcing agencies and have left little room for them to operate on their
own.

The imbalance between the economic and social structure mainly leads people into
bonded labor, as on one hand there is high concentration of ownership, power and
influence while on the other hand there are people with no ownership or means of
production, neither any social standing or security.

We were like slaves that they have purchased. I cannot even tell you how we
suffered. They used to do whatever they felt like doing to us. We were only
given enough food to keep us alive. If we died, they would lose their labourers
and the work would stop. - Wakeelan Rajput from Khanewal (activist/president of
the brick kiln union, Azad Nagar).

There have been anti-slavery laws but when the ILO and Asian Bank conducted a
survey, the results showed that about two million people were involved in bonded
labour. The issue was raised and the Bonded Labour Abolition Act 1992 was
introduced. The law was passed in 1992 and its rules in 1995 so it was not used
for three years. This law states that an individual living in a society cannot
be bound under any circumstance or agreement, and if any loan is granted under
any agreement, after the enactment of this law, it would be considered invalid.
Most importantly, a district vigilance committee was to be made in every
district to monitor its implementation but, unfortunately, from 1995 to 2015, we
cannot be certain that even one such vigilance committee has been made in every
district. There was one set up in Hyderabad but limited initiatives have been
taken under it.

Regrettably, this law has hardly been used for charging violators and, despite
the declaration of bonded labour as a crime under the Pakistan Penal Code, no
violator has been charged with any punishment. The only result of these cases
has been the liberation of slaves from bondage but the crimes reported by the
victims like imprisoning them, putting them in chains, rape of women and murder
of their family members, have gone unacknowledged. Several reasons have been
used to justify non-implementation including the change in the third tier of
governance through local bodies where magistrates cease to exist and an
alternative term comes up. The federal law minister sent out instructions to
cover this change in each law through a notification; a generic notification was
sent to cover any act to change the terminology to match the local body system
but still did not help in its implementation.

After the 18th Amendment, the provinces are expected to take charge of their
portfolios. It is recommended that the Bonded Labour Act 1992 get implemented
first and then the provinces can take their own decisions on its amendments.
Federal and provincial government should ensure the enactment of this law and
make sure that conviction for violators sets a precedent. It is their duty to
take this legislation seriously and properly notify the relevant authorities for
its implementation. It is also recommended that the election commission
disqualify political candidates who are engaged in the practice of bonded labour
on their lands. The government must work in close collaboration with civil
society, which has collected data and information to play a greater role in the
proper allocation and distribution of the funds for their rehabilitation.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 25, 2006 Saturday

Grants providing for four low-income houses in Bayboro: Development center also
uses money to fund home repairs

BYLINE: Charlie Hall, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


Mar. 25--BAYBORO -- Creating more affordable housing is the goal of the Bayboro
Development Center.

With four new houses in the works, the nonprofit got a shot in the arm with two
grants totaling $63,000 that will help with office operations, utilities and
salaries.

The grants include $25,000 from the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation and $38,400
from the Rural Center.

The BDC's goal is to help low- and moderate-income residents gain home ownership
in an appreciating stick-built home.

"We are able to get people into housing for as little as $350 a month, including
insurance and taxes through a USDA program if they qualify," said Joe Himbry,
executive director. "If they come in unqualified, we help them to qualify by
reducing their debt and paying off their creditors. Those are the two biggest
things. We help them clean their credit up."

Three new houses have been built on the 42-lot Maple Leaf subdivision -- former
farm land acquired by BDC for about $40,000.

The center also has helped with about 50 home repairs, under a two-pronged
program that offers loans of up to $7,500, along with $7,500 grants to
homeowners age 63 and older.

Himbry said as many as a dozen new homes could be built this year -- ranging
from 900- to-1,300 square feet -- on half-acre lots.

The BDC was formed in 2001 to spur economic development in the county, and it
incorporated as a nonprofit the next year. The focus changed from trying to
develop a business incubator to home ownership and home repair.

Himbry said it became apparent that many financially challenged residents were
losing the battle by renting or owning depreciating mobile homes. In many cases,
the homes are in flood areas and have been ravaged by hurricanes.

Homes have been constructed to date by qualifying owners for either mortgages or
Community Development Block Grants.

Charlie Hall can be reached at 635-5667 or chall@freedomenc.com.

Bayboro Development Center

Assisting low- and moderate-income residents with home repair loans and home
ownership grants and loans.

209 Neal Creek Road, Bayboro.

Call 745-4868 for information.

Copyright (c) 2006, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060325-NS-0325-Grants-providing-for-four-low-income-houses-in-Bayboro

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                                 Copyright 2006


                              669 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            January 14, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

25,000 cattle 'missing' from seized feedlot

BYLINE: Duncan Thorne, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - About 25,000 feedlot cattle the CIBC thought it had lassoed, in a
financial sense, have allegedly disappeared as if in a cloud of stampede dust.

The bank thought Bonnett Farms owned 32,250 cattle when it agreed to lend the
feedlot millions of dollars, Wim Fassen, CIBC head of special loans, claimed in
a sworn statement before the feedlot went into receivership Jan. 5.

Since the receivership, about 200 cattle have died because of a change in their
feeding. But they are a fraction of the cows that have allegedly vanished from
the books.

The bank realized in early 2003 there were about "20,000 head of cattle less
than had been previously understood by CIBC," Fassen claimed in his affidavit
last Dec. 17.

With just 12,250 head left at the Ponoka-area feedlot, he said CIBC would face
"a significant shortfall" in trying to recover about $36.9 million.

Since then, receiver Deloitte & Touche has cut the cattle estimate to about
7,500 head. And others claim to own about 5,500 of the remaining herd -- leaving
CIBC the unchallenged owner of just 2,000 cattle.

Among the claimants are Edmonton-area farmer Ron McCullough, listed in
receivership papers as allegedly owed $974,450. McCullough and partners claim
2,841 of their cattle went to Bonnett Farms for feeding.

McCullough wouldn't comment Thursday, except to say the whole affair is
"extremely" complicated.

Other farmers may yet step forward to claim cattle, Greg Stevens, senior
vice-president at Deloitte's Calgary office, said in an interview.

Stevens said brands on the cattle aren't enough to confirm ownership, as cows
often change hands. But the brands will be inspected, starting Monday, with
handlers clipping the animals' winter coats as little as possible to find
telltale scarring.

The cattle are the feedlot's most valuable asset, at about $7 million. Second in
value is the land, at $6.8 million.

Here, too, the bank's ownership right is uncertain. The receivership papers
indicate the bank got security on almost 10 square kilometres belonging mainly
to five Bonnett brothers. But Deloitte has found it's possible CIBC lacks
security on another 10 square kilometres that belong solely to Allan Bonnett,
one of the brothers.

Rick Bonnett, family spokesman and minority owner of the feedlot, said the
accumulated debt from Bonnett Farms is clearly large but the story

isn't straightforward. "When you get into the legal stuff, it's muddy waters."

He's been in the news mainly to defend the family from blame in deaths of cattle
since Deloitte took charge.

It turns out the death count isn't straightforward either. Deloitte put the
number Wednesday at 217. Thursday, the Alberta SPCA revised it to 194.

dthorne@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

What's New? Work continues on new Kohls store

BYLINE: By Brook Stockberger Sun-News Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 623 words


LAS CRUCES   Work continues at the Triviz Plaza, next to Lowes, where a new
Kohls department store is scheduled to open next month.

There are also plans for a separate retail location in the plaza.

The Kohls' main office has not yet returned calls about an opening date, but Lee
Ales, who works with the company in development, earlier told the Sun-News that
the company opens new facilities only in the first week of March, the first week
of April and the first week of October each year.

Richard Wagner, the senior area director for the New Mexico Department of
Workforce Solutions in Las Cruces, told me when the store was announced that his
office expects to work with Kohls when the company starts to hire employees.

"When a new employer comes into town, we help with recruitment," he said. "Often
they will use our office to conduct interviews because they don't have a
permanent location here in town yet."

Kohls has more than 800 stores in 45 states. It has a pair of stores in El Paso
and two in Albuquerque. The company's Web site is www.kohls.com.

In 1996, Dr. Michael R. Buszek and Terry L. Mosley established Transitional
Lifestyles Community Inc. in Albuquerque. According to a release, the company
works with people with developmental disabilities.

"The mission of Transitional Lifestyles Community Inc. is to assist individuals
with developmental disabilities in reaching the maximum level of independence
consistent with their needs, abilities, and dreams, in a safe, secure and caring
family environment," the company reports via a release.

"TLC has been providing Family Living/Home Base Services since 1997," the
release states. "Transitional Lifestyles Community, Inc. Supported Living
Services and residential homes are recognized as some of the best in the state.

"Each home is furnished, decorated, equipped and staffed to meet the needs of up
to three individuals."

Now the company has come to Las Cruces. It opened an office in June located at
4131 Camino Coyote, Suite C, and has two homes in the Sonoma Ranch neighborhood.
The phone number for the office is 522-3665.

Las Cruces is home to one of more than 300 Postal Annex stores in 24 states and
the company recently announced that it has acquired another franchise.

San Diego-based Postal Annex, Inc. reports that it has acquired the 68-unit
franchise system of Handle With Care Packaging Store, also known as The
Packaging Store, according to a release.

The Packaging Store, based in Denver, operates a mix of retail stores along with
packing and crating facilities found in commercial centers such as industrial
parks, the release states.

Lorraine Escudero, owner of the Postal Annex store at 1763 East University
Blvd., reported that with the addition of The Packaging Store to the fold,
Postal Annex stores will have more options available.

The Postal Annex store in Las Cruces can be reached at 522-5255.

Do you want to be a farmer but fear you do not have the money to do so? The
United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency announced that it
is offering loans "designed to help farmers purchase and operate family farms,"
the agency announced last week.

According to a release from the USDA, these loans, known as Socially
Disadvantaged Applicant Loans, are part of an effort "to help reverse the
declining number of farmers and ranchers across the United States and to
encourage and assist them in owning and operating their own farms and ranches,"
according to a release.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA and include both farm operating and
farm ownership loans.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through FSA's Las Cruces
office.

Call 522-8775 for information.

Brook Stockberger can be reached at  bstockberger@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                           September 25, 2006 Monday

Slow summer doesn't deter park's owner

BYLINE: Flinn, Brian

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 318  words


A government spending scandal helped ensure a slow summer for Magic Valley, the
owner of the Pictou County amusement park said last week. But Bill MacNeil said
he's confident ongoing improvements will pay off with increased attendance in
the years ahead.

"I can rebuild this. I can make this a viable operation with what we're doing
right now," MacNeil said. "We got a lot done this summer."

Magic Valley received a $350,000 interest-free forgivable loan from the province
in February to help pay for upgrades. That handout was announced the same day
the Office of Economic Development said it was giving $250,000 to S&J Potato
Farms.

S&J Farms leases land from a company owned by former economic development
minister Ernie Fage. Fage resigned from cabinet a few days after The Daily News
reported his business relationship.

Magic Valley got an equal amount of attention as S&J Farms. Former premier John
Hamm is an old friend of MacNeil, and the province had an outstanding loan to
the amusement park worth $234,000. Hamm insisted he did nothing improper to help
MacNeil.

MacNeil said the bad press led some to question if his business is viable. That
made it difficult for him to buy insurance. He opened a couple weeks later than
usual, on July 12.

Plus, the number of tourists was down 12 per cent across the province in July.

After the receipts are counted, attendance will probably be down four or five
per cent, Macneil said. Magic Valley's business plan called for an attendance
increase from 10,000 to 25,000 by 2008. MacNeil said that's still possible. He's
added a parachute-drop ride, and other new rides are coming. He's also making
the park more visible from Highway 104.

MacNeil blames the re-routing of the Trans-Canada Highway from his front gate to
the back of his lot for his attendance decline in recent years. He said he's
also losing guests to government-funded amusement parks.

bflinn@hfxnews.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Coming Together to Make Homes More Affordable

BYLINE: By GREG BEATO

SECTION: Section F; Column 0; SpecialSections; SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 968 words


At the Hog Island Oyster Company in Marshall, Calif., diners eat at picnic
tables overlooking Tomales Bay, where oysters and clams grow just offshore.

But while lunch reaches your plate with virtually no food-miles on it, that is
not true of Hog Island's staff. ''We have 57 employees here at the farm,'' said
Terry Sawyer, the operation's co-founder. ''Maybe a dozen of them live out
here.''

''Out here'' is the westernmost reaches of West Marin, in Marin County about 40
miles north of San Francisco. Federal parkland, Point Reyes National Seashore,
constitutes much of the region. A further 47,000 acres of agricultural land is
protected in perpetuity through conservation easements purchased by Marin
Agricultural Land Trust , a local nonprofit.

Surrounded by stunning coastal landscapes and organic farms, rural outposts like
Marshall and Point Reyes Station have become such popular recreation spots that
many local working people can no longer afford to live here.

Flush urbanites snap up 900-square-foot cabins with appliances dating from the
Carter administration for $800,000. Places that once served as long-term rentals
now compete for tourist dollars on Airbnb.com.

''There is such a spectrum of need here, a lack of options at all different
income levels,'' said Kim Thompson, executive director of Community Land Trust
Association of West Marin, a nonprofit in Point Reyes Station called CLAM for
short.

As rising housing costs increase economic segregation throughout Marin County
and the Bay Area, communities are turning to land trusts, local nonprofits that
acquire properties to create permanently affordable housing.

In 2000, there were around 90 community land trusts in the United States. Now,
there are around 250, according to the National Community Land Trust Network.

Residents created West Marin's community land trust in 2001. ''Because of the
immense cost of housing here, a lot of people were very skeptical of us in the
beginning,'' says Christa Burgoyne, a longtime volunteer and donor.

The group aspired to produce affordable housing in a highly sustainable, almost
artisanal fashion. ''Instead of consolidating permanently affordable housing in
one development,'' said a trust board member, Marshall Livingston, ''we wanted
to sprinkle it throughout the community.''

If the land trust model gives local residents significant control over the way
affordable housing is integrated into their villages, it also obligates them to
provide direct financial support and other hands-on involvement.

''Historically, CLAM has been able to purchase properties before they go on the
market because of the relationships in our community,'' Ms. Thompson said.

Even when a seller is disposed to support the land trust, it still helps to have
enough money to close a deal quickly. In 2014, a supporter made a zero-interest
$300,000 bridge loan so the trust could buy a property outright. Then, it raised
an additional $140,000, mostly from individuals, for renovations. Fourteen years
into its existence, the organization provides permanently affordable housing for
nine households. In most cases, it retains ownership of the property and rents
to tenants at below-market rates.

In its most recent project, it sold the home to the family that occupies it
while maintaining ownership of the land beneath. This shared-equity approach
helps ensure affordability.

In the standard approach to affordable homeownership, the subsidy that makes the
home affordable often takes the form of a zero-interest loan that does not have
to be repaid unless the homeowner sells the property. At that point, the entity
that provided the subsidy recaptures it and reinvests it, subsidizing another
home buyer.

But rising prices in a desirable real estate market can be a problem. ''When
this continues over two generations, it gets too expensive to keep resubsidizing
the house,'' said Dev Goetschius, executive director of the Housing Land Trust
of Sonoma County in California. ''So that unit goes out of the affordable
housing stock. It gets lost to the open market.''

In the community land trust model, permanent affordability is achieved in part
by taking the land out of the equation. The buyer purchases only the house, so
the price is lower. Owners who participate in these programs also agree to sell
at a price pegged to average median income.

''On every one of our resales, people have left with more money than they bought
their house for,'' Ms. Goetschius said. ''It wasn't a windfall, but we were able
to get the next families in without any additional subsidies.''

''That's why a land trust is a good place for a philanthropist,'' said Susan
Scott, a CLAM board member. ''If you want to make an investment in property that
is really going to be permanently affordable, it needs to be owned by the
community.''

Now, the trust has its sights set on a 30-acre site on the outskirts of Point
Reyes Station. For 42 years, it served as residential housing for the Coast
Guard, but its 10 boxy townhomes and a 21-room dormitory now stand empty and
unused. While legislation requires the Coast Guard to sell the complex at fair
market value, the trust is leading efforts to obtain it and convert it into
affordable housing.

Making this deal work will most likely require support from Marin County and
other outside sources. But it will also demand a new level of commitment from
local residents.

For a region that has spent much of the last 50 years promoting ecosystem
diversity, though, a lot is at stake. For many residents, a monocrop of
million-dollar homes is nearly as awful a nightmare as suburban sprawl.

''We know in our bones that we need more affordable housing,'' says Mark
Switzer, a trust fund-raising committee member. ''It's an issue of community
health.''

GREG BEATO




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/08/giving/communities-come-together-to-make-homes
-more-affordable.html

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Kim Thompson, executive director of Community Land Trust
Association of West Marin, a nonprofit in California. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TALIA
HERMAN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              673 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                 June 21, 2016

FMD savings bonuses??take??time to mature

BYLINE: Andrew Marshall

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 778 words


Farmers look set to salt away big amounts of cash in farm management deposits
(FMD) again this month, but benefits flowing from some popular changes to the
scheme could take time to emerge.

Changes to the limit on FMD funds held in the special term deposit scheme will
lift the savings ceiling from $400,000 to $800,000.

Funds put into FMDs in good income years are not taxed until they are withdrawn,
making the scheme a popular nest egg deposit base which can be drawn down in
drought years, or when poor market prices erode taxable earnings.

However, the new conditions will not kick in until next month - after June 30.

Farmers fortunate enough to have extra cash ready to save now and who had hoped
to take advantage of the higher threshold to help their end of financial year
tax planning for 2015-16 will be disappointed.

Many producers will also have to wait until banks re-think their term deposit
arrangements to accommodate another notable change to FMD savings rules.

New federal government legislation will make it possible for FMD savings to be
used to offset interest costs on farm loan borrowings.

However, FMD accounts can only be held in one person's name.

Most farm businesses currently operate bank accounts as partnerships or family
trusts to spread ownership risk and assist intergenerational ownership
transfers.

'We're very supportive of any changes which will help our customers better
manage their savings and cashflow, but at the moment we're still working through
the detail of changes to the offset rule,' said Rabobank's national manager for
country banking, Todd Charteris.

'From what I've noted in the past month, farmers are very interested in
understanding how the new arrangements can work.'

Rural Bank was quick to confirm it would introduce the FMD interest offset
solution for borrowings, but it needed farmers to contact the bank to ensure
they qualified and relevant documentation was completed to enable interest from
existing FMD savings to qualify in the new financial year.

GrainGrowers policy general manager, David McKeon, agreed the FMD rule changes
were welcome, but said relying on individual ownership of farming business was
'an old-style way of doing things'.

'Some would say the relatively attractive flat tax rate paid by companies
(27.5pc) makes it less of an imperative for these farm businesses to make use of
FMDs to manage their income in good years,' he said.

'However, we'd like to think beneficiaries of trust companies should be able to
make use of FMDs.

'Why can't we insure policy instruments around the basic principal of FMDs as a
risk management tool can moves with the times.'

A survey of more than 400 GrainGrowers members early this year found about 58pc
used FMDs, with almost 90pc say the scheme was an important taxation tool to
manage volatile cashflows over several years.

However, more than a fifth of respondents said they were not using FMDs because
their business operated in a trust or company structure.

Managing director of Boyce Chartered Accountants, Phil Alchin, at Moree, said
although seasonal conditions had continued to be tough in many areas, some
croppers and livestock producers were benefiting from strong markets and
seasons.

'I would expect some producers were are hoping to lift their FMD deposits beyond
$400,000, but that sort of activity to fill the new void won't be happening
until the last quarter of next financial year,' he said.

'I don't imagine there a lot of people likely to lift FMD savings to $800,000,
but you never know what seasons or market conditions might bring.'

Rabobank's Mr Charteris said while 2015-16 had delivered tough farm earnings
results in patches, inquiries about FMD deposits had been 'quite strong'.

End of financial year savings activity was likely to be similar to last year.

However he expected to see some 'tactical' cash withdrawals by southern dairy
farmers caught by the recent farmgate price collapse.

After peaking at a record $4.6 billion last July, farm management deposit
accounts in financial institutions Australia-wide held almost $4b for primary
producers in March.

Despite some tough seasonal conditions in eastern Australia in the past four
years, total funds in FMD accounts grew about $1b, largely due to earnings
recorded by southern and western graingrowers and mixed farmers.

Federal government figures show deposits from grain farms made up 47 per cent
$847 million of all FMDs and mixed cropping and livestock operations contributed
$1.01b.

However less than 40,000 of Australia's 110,000 farmers have FMD accounts.

'FMDs are a good risk management tool, but you have to be making money to be
able to use them,' said Graingrowers Mr McKeon.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             August 3, 1987, Monday

US INSURERS BECOME FARMERS RELUCTANTLY

BYLINE: PAULA L. GREEN; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1066 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Some of the nation's top life and health insurers are becoming farmers by
default.

As government officials and the agricultural community move to pin down the
shifting ownership patterns of the nation's farms, the insurance industry's
eluctant role as farmowner is expanding.

Sixteen insurers with the largest investments in farm land held about 4.1
million acres valued at $ 2.3 billion at the end of 1986. About $ 1.3 billion of
this land was acquired through foreclosure while the remainder was acquired
through investments in cropland, forests, vineyards and ranches, according to
statistics supplied by the American Council on Life Insurance.

In 1984, insurers owned land valued at about $ 1.6 billion while in 1979 the
value of insurers' holdings were estimated at $ 241.4 million. Yet the value of
land has fallen by one-third to one-half since its peak in the early 1980s.
Figures supplied by the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, show the value of
non-irrigated land in Nebraska, for example, has plummetted from $ 968 an acre
in 1981 to $ 443 an acre at year-end 1986.

There's a two-fold concern about the increase in the amount of foreclosures,"
said Ron Kroese, executive director of The Land Stewardship Project, based in
Stillwater, Minnesota. "First is the mistreatment of land that results from
absentee ownership in any long-distance relationship. Second is the disruption
of the rural community as the number of farm families drops and they are forced
off their farms."

Insurers say they are working with the local communities to lease the land to
area farmers and make sure tenant farmers follow proper land management
techniques.

The increase in foreclosures has also stirred concern in the Reagan
administration and Congress.

A Senate agriculture subcommittee is scheduled Tuesday to hold hearings on the
shift of farm land from the local community to insurers, banks and the federal
government.

"We want to attack the issue of inventory properties and the damage to the
family farm and the conservation concerns of the farm groups," said an aide to
Sen. Wyche Fowler Jr., D-Georgia. Sen. Fowler, who is chairman of the Senate
Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, is holding the hearings. The
subcommittee is part of the Senate Agriculture Committee.

"We're looking at all the farmland that has been foreclosed or acquired in
bankruptcy proceedings," said Bob Redding, Sen. Fowler's executive assistant.

As of February, the Farm Credit System owned about 2.7 million acres of farmland
while the Farmers Home Administration owned about 1.6 million acres, according
to figures supplied by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The department
estimates the nation's farmland at 1 billion acres, including cropland,
ranchland used for pasture and grazing, and idle woodland. About 469 million
acres of the total is designated cropland.

The issue has prompted the agriculture department to study the breakdown of
ownership among foreclosed farm properties.

"We got tired of reading all the conflicting numbers," said Jerome Stam, leader
of the agriculture finance section of the department's economic research
service.

The report is scheduled for completion in September.

The agricultural community is alarmed that long-distance ownership of farms
often leads to poor land management practices.

"There's the eyes-to-acres ratio that there are only so many acres that one pair
of eyes can watch before you start taking shortcuts," Mr. Kroese said. "Farming
can't be just a short-term, bottom-line business. You have to look at the
long-term, if the resources are to be maintained properly.

A Missouri soil conservation official said insurers typically own such large
tracts of land that they often lack the personnel to manage it properly.

"One guy can't patrol 20,000 acres and know what is going on," said Randall
Railsback, a farmer and a Caldwell County soil supervisor. The county system is
part of the state's soil and water conservation district. "Large companies tend
to rent to large farmers and are concerned with net worth rather than farming
ability."

But insurers say they are conscientious farm owners who do everything possible
to negotiate a settlement with a farmer before foreclosing on his property. If
an insurer must move to foreclose, every effort is made to lease the farm to an
adjoining or area farmer, said Carolyn Bowers, a spokeswoman for the life
insurance association.

Insurers' lease agreements with the tenant farmers require adherence to specific
conservation methods designed to protect the land, Ms. Bowers added.

"We're not happy about this (increase in foreclosures)," Ms. Bowers said.
"Insurers are not anxious to hold onto it, and want someone on the land."

Ms. Bowers said the increased amount of foreclosures would not adversely affect
insurers' financial results because their value is a small percentage of the
industry's overall assets. She estimated that the value of foreclosed property
totaled less than 0.5 percent of the 16 insurers' total admitted assets of $ 424
billion at the end of 1986.

But an insurance official at The Travelers disagrees.

"I don't know how it would specifically affect earnings, but if you take a 10
percent to 11 percent mortgage and convert it to a farm that may return from
zero to 8 percent, that has to have an effect," said John L. Williams, a
director in the real estate investment department at The Travelers Cos.,
Hartford, Conn.

At the end of 1986, the Travelers mortgage loan portfolio totaled $ 1.97 billion
and its real estate holdings acquired through foreclosure were valued at $ 420
million, or 1 million acres, Mr. Williams said.

Farmland acquired for investment purposes had a value of $ 95.4 million, or
202,000 acres, he said.

Prudential Insurance Co., which unlike most insurers bought large farm holdings
as real estate investments in the 1970s, has real estate holdings valued at
about $ 600 million, or 700,000 acres, said Les Horsager, a vice president in
the insurer's agricultural investment group. The land acquired by the Newark,
N.J. insurer as a result of foreclosure or voluntary conveyance totals about
100,000 acres, or $ 100 million worth.

A study being completed by the Minnesota stewardship project ranks Prudential
and Travelers as the largest landowners among 13 insurers owning 4.1 million
acres.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO;;

 BEFORE AND AFTER FORECLOSURE: At top is a working farm. The photo below shows
the same farm after foreclosure. Concern has been expressed about the
mistreatment of farmland that results from absentee ownership in any
long-distance relationship. Insurers report they are cooperating with local
communities to lease the land to area farmers and make ure tenant farmers follow
proper land management techniques.

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              675 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                 March 17, 2016

Banks deliberate pros and cons of $30bn ChemChina loan

BYLINE: Shruti Chaturvedi

SECTION: CHEMCHINA,ACQUISITION,EQUITY,GOVERNMENT,OWNERSHIP,STRATEGIC,LOAN,
ASIA,EUROPE

LENGTH: 754  words



HIGHLIGHT: The Asian syndication of a jumbo loan to back China National Chemical
Corp's (ChemChina) acquisition of Syngenta is seeing interest from many
international lenders in Asia. Banks are weighing the benefits of the borrower's
state ownership against the weakness of its financials on a standalone basis,
writes Shruti Chaturvedi.


State-owned ChemChina is understood to be looking for a $30bn financing package
in Asia to back its $43bn acquisition of Swiss seed maker Syngenta, first
announced in early February.

Of the $30bn, half will be via a loan marketed primarily to banks, while the
remaining will be in the form of equity from ChemChina, which could come from
the government, Chinese private equity partners or funds.

The financing is part of a $50bn package ChemChina is stitching together to see
its transaction through. One aspect of the financing is a $20bn loan that is
already in syndication in Europe, with HSBCas global co-ordinator andCredit
Suisse, Rabobank andUniCreditunderwriting the debt.

ChemChina is adopting a two-pronged approach to its fundraising "" structuring a
$20bn portion that will rely on Syngenta for repayment and $30bn that will sit
on ChemChina's books "" with market observers speculating that Chinese lenders,
benefitting from abundant liquidity and the possibility of security from
ChemChina onshore, will anchor the latter.

Interest from international banks meanwhile will be biased towards the $20bn
European syndication due to ChemChina's financial position on a standalone basis
and the lack of access to security.

Some lenders have already passed up the opportunity to participate in the
European syndication, citing exposure to ChemChina risk.

But international lenders in Asia are being tempted by ChemChina's state-owned
enterprise (SOE) status. Lenders GlobalCapital Asia spoke with said they are
giving careful consideration to the borrower's stature as an SOEand are looking
at the advantages of deepening their relationship with the acquisitive company.

"[ChemChina] has got the relationships [to attract foreign banks] and they have
got the ambition [to make more acquisitions]," said a Hong Kong-based senior
banker at a French lender.

A combination of the strategic importance of the acquisition, ChemChina's state
ownership, its ambition and success in acquiring international assets, such as
Italian tyre maker Pirelli, all play to its advantage, said market participants.

Admittedly, ChemChina has been aggressive with its debt fuelled acquisitions,
but that is unlikely to deter many lenders.

"By that measure, the US is triple-A rated but they have so much debt," said
another senior banker at a European lender who is interested in the recourse to
ChemChina loan. "At the end of the day [the borrower] is an SOE and I am sure
European banks with an Asian presence will be looking at this." A pinch of salt

Although it has been a month and a half since the acquisition was announced,
banks are yet to receive term sheets for the $15bn Asian syndicated loan being
arranged by China Citic Bank International. As is typical with acquisition
financing, the loan will be a short-term bridge.

ChemChina is also inviting investors for its $15bn equity portion, with
discussions on structuring the financing ongoing, said bankers.

A head of loans at another European bank, which is involved in the discussions,
said to treat lenders' initial enthusiasm with a pinch of salt.

"Looking at it is one thing and actually doing it is another," he said. "There
are still a lot of grey areas. This is not an easy credit but the importance of
this acquisition to China and the state support "" that is the story."

Despite incremental earnings from the acquired business, ChemChina's overall
debt increase is likely to be significant, Jiming Zou, a senior analyst at
Moody's, told GlobalCapital Asia. In general, the increase in debt levels to
make acquisitions will further raise financial expenses of ChemChina, he added.

For the first nine months of 2015, ChemChina reported Rmb176bn ($27bn) in sales
and Rmb201m net loss, with about Rmb150bn in reported gross debt.

"Our view is that the increased debt leverage and execution risks associated
with this acquisition will likely outweigh the benefits of government support in
the assessment of the credit profile of ChemChina," he said.

On the positive side, ChemChina's scale as the largest pure chemical company in
China, its relatively easy access to financing and a diversified portfolio
bolsters its credit profile.

If ChemChina is successful in its acquisition, it could create a company with a
strong business profile in the chemicals industry, with solid market positions
in crop protection production and seeds, wrote Standard &amp; Poor's analysts in
a note on February 5. The combined group could have a stronger business risk
profile than that of ChemChina, they added.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 15, 2017 Wednesday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2017 Tuesday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2017 Monday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Missouri: State Treasurer Eric Schmitt Announces Extension of Emergency Loan
Program to Carroll County

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The  State of Treasurer Clint Zweifel, Missouri has issued the
following news release:



 Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt and State Representative Joe Don McGaugh
today announced the extension of an emergency loan program to Carroll County
small businesses and farms impacted by this week's storms.





 The Harmed-area Emergency Loan Priority system, or HELP, authorizes 24-hour
approval of low-interest loans for small businesses and farms. HELP is
administered through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program. Perry County and Oak
Grove were previously identified as active jurisdictions for the system.



 "We stand side-by-side with the farmers and small business owners who were
devastated by this week's storms," said Schmitt. "By extending the HELP system
to cover Carroll County we are laying the groundwork for those impacted to
return to regular operation in less time and at a lower cost than they otherwise
would be able to."



 "Small, family-owned businesses are the bedrock of Carroll County," said
McGaugh."I appreciate the quick work of Treasurer Schmitt to get the HELP system
activated for our community so we can begin the rebuilding process."



 The Missouri Linked Deposit Program is managed by State Treasurer Eric Schmitt.
Missouri-based small businesses with up to 99 employees are eligible to receive
a loan through the Missouri Linked Deposit Program based on lender underwriting
standards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday

BUSINESS DIGEST

BYLINE: MATT KASPER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 611 words


Company to update at industrial conference

MANITOWOC, Wis. - The Manitowoc Co. Inc. recently announced that it will
participate in the

23rd annual Lehman Brothers Industrial Select Conference through Thursday at the
Ritz Carlton

in Miami Beach, Fla.

An update on the company's growth strategies and financial performance is to be
presented at

9:40 a.m. Thursday by Carl Laurino, senior vice president and chief financial
officer at Manitowoc,

and Steven Khail, director of investor relations and corporate communications.

A live Webcast of the presentation will be available through the company's Web
site at

www.manitowoc.com.

To access the Web site, investors should go to the Manitowoc Web site 15 minutes
prior to the

presentation.

An archived presentation will also be available for 90 days.

Manitowoc has a plant in Shady Grove, Pa.

Construction company awarded contract

CHAMBERSBURG - Brechbill & Helman Construction Co.. Inc. has been awarded a

design-build contract of a medical office building for Norland Family Practice
PC.

According to a press release, the new 9,000-square-foot facility will be built
adjacent to Norland's

existing facility north of Chambersburg.

Construction is scheduled to commence in November with a July 2007 completion.

The architect is Bushey Feight Morin Architects Inc. of Hagerstown, Md.

Census bureau to begin data collection

WASHINGTON, D.C. - The U.S. Census Bureau will begin data collection this month
for the

annual social and economic supplement to the monthly current population survey.

Sponsored by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, data collection will occur during
the weeks of Feb.

19, March 19 and April 16.

Nearly 2,000 Census Bureau field representatives will interview about 100,000
households.

"The federal, state and local governments, as well as businesses across our
nation, look to the

(population survey) as their primary source of information regarding our
country's labor force,"

said Fernando Armstrong, director of the Census Bureau's Philadelphia regional
office.

Survey results enable updates for the monthly unemployment rate, median
household income,

official poverty rate and the percentage of people without health insurance
coverage.

Loans available for socially disadvantaged

CHAMBERSBURG - Socially disadvantaged people who want to buy and operate
family-size

ranches and farms are eligible to receive funds for loans.

For the purposes of the program, socially disadvantaged groups include women,

African-Americans, American Indians, Alaskan natives, Hispanics, Asians and
Pacific islanders.

Direct loans are made to applicants by the Farm Service Agency and include both
farm operating

and farm ownership loans.

People who think they are eligible may contact Franklin County Farm Service
Agency, 100

Sunset Blvd., at 264-8074, Ext. 2.

Survey may link stress, ethical lapses at work

NEW YORK - Pressure from management to meet unrealistic business objectives and

deadlines is the leading factor most likely to cause unethical behavior,
according to a new survey

on business ethics by the American Management Association.

The survey, which was conducted by the Human Resource Institute, included 1,121
managers

and human resources experts from around the world.

"Corporate leaders need to communicate ethical values throughout the
organization, but they

must do more than talk the talk in order to establish and sustain an ethical
culture," said Edward

T. Reilly, president and CEO of American Management Association.

According to the survey, the desire to further one's career and protect one's
livelihood are also

leading factors.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2006 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

Slavery exists

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, July 7 -- "This injustice I face is not my fate" - Veerji Kolhi
(advocate/social activist, involved in bonded labour for four years.)

Bonded labour is an extensive form of slavery. It is a system of forced labour,
under which a debtor enters or is presumed to have entered into an agreement
with the creditor for doing work in consideration of a said amount, which
sometimes is of a substantial nature. As defined by the International Labour
Organisation (ILO), "A bonded labourer refers to a worker who renders service
under conditions of bondage arising from economic considerations, notably
indebtedness through a loan or advance. When debt is the root cause of the
bondage, the implication is that the worker (or dependents or heirs) is tied to
a particular creditor for a specified period until the loan is repaid." Bonded
labour exists in all areas of Pakistan in one way or another. It exists in
agriculture with farmers working in the fields, brick kilns and even in
factories and mines.

"Ten years ago, we had drought in our village, Koya Nagarparkar, and we had to
migrate to Umarkot to a feudal lord's farm. The feudal lord offered us work and
good wages, so we started working there. His men followed us while we worked and
made our lives very hard, especially for our young unmarried girls. The men who
married women from other villages were told that the feudal lord would
consummate the first night of marriage because he bore the expenses of the
wedding. Men and women used to work separately and we did not see our men for
six months in the rainy season. Many people were killed and buried in the fields
where they would run over the remains with a tractor at night removing any trace
of the corpse. They also made life very hard for my husband. One day, they
called him to the meeting area and offered him money. For two days nobody knew
where he was and on the third day we received his dead body" - Punni (documented
by Mehrgarh, a centre for learning)

Bonded labour is deeply rooted in the exploitative feudal system, which operates
on power hierarchies, absolute control over people's true democratic rule and
elected democracies, and has been further worsened by the recent devastating
economic situation in Pakistan that has pushed countless people below the
poverty line. From taking loans for marriages and medical assistance to simply
surviving and feeding oneself, individuals not only pledge themselves but their
entire families into bonded labour. Illiteracy has played its part in worsening
the situation as people with financial needs are tricked into taking loans that
are impossible to pay off in the given time frame and, therefore, are passed on
down in the family.

High interest rates, low wages and the employers' negligent attitude towards
labourers are just some of the reasons a loan is impossible to pay off. In a
majority of the cases, the employer tampers with loan records and coerces the
labourer to work indefinitely or face the consequences. The debt accumulated is
passed down from generation to generation thereby creating an irreversible cycle
of slavery. Bonded child labour is also a result of the peshgi system where a
family member takes advance payment from an employer and in return pledges the
child to work until the loan is paid off. The landed aristocracy has either
maintained strong ties with elected assemblies or are sometimes even a part of
them. Similarly, as a controlled mechanism, they have kept strong ties with the
law enforcing agencies and have left little room for them to operate on their
own.

The imbalance between the economic and social structure mainly leads people into
bonded labor, as on one hand there is high concentration of ownership, power and
influence while on the other hand there are people with no ownership or means of
production, neither any social standing or security.

"We were like slaves that they have purchased. I cannot even tell you how we
suffered. They used to do whatever they felt like doing to us. We were only
given enough food to keep us alive. If we died, they would lose their labourers
and the work would stop." - Wakeelan Rajput from Khanewal (activist/president of
the brick kiln union, Azad Nagar).

There have been anti-slavery laws but when the ILO and Asian Bank conducted a
survey, the results showed that about two million people were involved in bonded
labour. The issue was raised and the Bonded Labour Abolition Act 1992 was
introduced. The law was passed in 1992 and its rules in 1995 so it was not used
for three years. This law states that an individual living in a society cannot
be bound under any circumstance or agreement, and if any loan is granted under
any agreement, after the enactment of this law, it would be considered invalid.
Most importantly, a district vigilance committee was to be made in every
district to monitor its implementation but, unfortunately, from 1995 to 2015, we
cannot be certain that even one such vigilance committee has been made in every
district. There was one set up in Hyderabad but limited initiatives have been
taken under it.

Regrettably, this law has hardly been used for charging violators and, despite
the declaration of bonded labour as a crime under the Pakistan Penal Code, no
violator has been charged with any punishment. The only result of these cases
has been the liberation of slaves from bondage but the crimes reported by the
victims like imprisoning them, putting them in chains, rape of women and murder
of their family members, have gone unacknowledged. Several reasons have been
used to justify non-implementation including the change in the third tier of
governance through local bodies where magistrates cease to exist and an
alternative term comes up. The federal law minister sent out instructions to
cover this change in each law through a notification; a generic notification was
sent to cover any act to change the terminology to match the local body system
but still did not help in its implementation.

After the 18th Amendment, the provinces are expected to take charge of their
portfolios. It is recommended that the Bonded Labour Act 1992 get implemented
first and then the provinces can take their own decisions on its amendments.
Federal and provincial government should ensure the enactment of this law and
make sure that conviction for violators sets a precedent. It is their duty to
take this legislation seriously and properly notify the relevant authorities for
its implementation. It is also recommended that the election commission
disqualify political candidates who are engaged in the practice of bonded labour
on their lands. The government must work in close collaboration with civil
society, which has collected data and information to play a greater role in the
proper allocation and distribution of the funds for their rehabilitation.

The writer works in the development sector

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 30, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

News of Record

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 814  words


Courthouse




SUITS: Paula Outzen v. Trustees of the Steven E. Jordan Revocable etc., real
property; Erin E. Dunne v. Trez Flores, auto negligence; Fremont Investment &
Loan v. Ismael Lozano, real property; Bank of New York v. Richard K. Lamb, real
property; Deutsche Bank National Trust Co. v. Diego Centurion, real property;
Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Ricardo G. Ramsden, real property; Everhome Mortgage Co.
v. Channice Forbes, real property; Midfirst Bank v. Mary Washington, real
property; Bank of America NA v. Juan M. Alejandro, real property; Indymac Bank
FSB v. Victor Sanchez, real property; Marie R. Youngken v. State Farm Mutual
Automobile Insurance Co., in excess of $15,000; Francis David Corp. v. Capiz
International Inc., other circuit civil; Paula A. Outzen v. Harold D. Cox, real
property; GMAC Mortgage LLC v. Eunice Findlay, real property; Countrywide Home
Loans Inc. v. Jane Atkinson, real property; Deutsche Bank National Trust Co. v.
Joseph R. Newton Jr., real property; Green Tree Servicing LLC v. Latricia E.
Smith, real property; City of Daytona Beach v. James B. Wright, real property;
City of Daytona Beach v. Mildred Fliehr Inc., real property; Ruth Sandrus v.
Albertsons LLC, other negligence; Uta Yarbrough v. Jo A. Teel, other negligence;
John W. Daniele v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., in excess of
$15,000; Marine Terrace Condominium Association Inc. v. Avatar Travel, timeshare
foreclosure; Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Angelo L. Bonilla, real property; Casa Del
Mar Joint Venture v. Joel E. Wallace, timeshare foreclosure; Robert M. Hetzel
III v. Janey B. Fordham, auto negligence; Wesley Oberhansley v. State Farm
Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., auto negligence; Robert A. Cronk v. Pantry
Inc., other negligence; Lisa U. Thorpe v. Discover Financial Services LLC, in
excess of $15,000; Gilda Paul v. Susan McCoy, auto negligence; Teressa Mapes v.
Robert T. Martin, auto negligence; Shirley Hanlon v. Medtronic Inc.,
professional malpractice; Angeline Hawkins v. Halifax Hospital Medical Center,
extension of time.

MARRIAGE APPLICATIONS: Frankie Burgos and Tina M. Vega, Deltona; Luis R.
Valencia, Deltona, and Rachel L. Babbitt, DeLand; James D. Ball and Dannette C.
Rosado, DeLand; Nicholas J. Ventura, New Smyrna Beach, and Lindsay L. Miller,
Ormond Beach; Keith J. Carlson and Karen E. Fitzgibbon, Daytona Beach; Salman
Ahmed, Ormond Beach, and Cheryl A. LaBosco, South Daytona; Jeremy M. Tedeschi
and Stephanie D. Seng, Edgewater; Sebastian A. Paris and Jenni L. Lott, New
Smyrna Beach; James H. Worcester and Kathleen M. Kirkwood, Edgewater; Timothy M.
Kates and JoEllen Ledbetter, Deltona.

MARRIAGE DISSOLUTIONS STARTED: Ronald G. v. Teresa D. Baucum; Barbara v. Bruce
R. Griffiths; Joyce T. v. Thomas Lacrosse; Makayla O'Keefe av. Scot Rader;
Sandra G. v. Keith E. Stimmell; Patricia M. v. Conrad D. Green; Charles J. v.
Janet K. Beriault; Matthew J. v. Danielle M. Stevens; Gregory A. v. Anita W.
Thomas.

MARRIAGE DISSOLUTIONS GRANTED: Henry J. Vanderleek and Diane B. Anthony;
Guadalupe L. Arroyo and Ramon C. Plana; Margie L. and Daniel R. Futch; Lane E.
and Rosemary E. Trawick; Sarah E. and Chad L. Dillard; Toya and Kelvin Holt;
Lorraine and Scott Romaine; Laura P. and Victor F. Blue.

Births

KRIVAN: Arlisa and Justin Krivan of DeBary are the parents of a daughter
weighing 8 pounds, 12 ounces, born at 3:06 p.m. March 20, 2007, at Halifax
Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

LAWRENCE/WHITE: Wayne Lawrence and Laticia White of DeLand are the parents of a
daughter weighing 7 pounds, 13 ounces, born at 3:25 p.m. March 22, 2007, at
Florida Hospital DeLand.

NEAL/HOLDEN: Phillip Neal and Lashasha Holden of Flagler County are the parents
of a son weighing 8 pounds, 8 ounces, born at 4:16 p.m. March 27, 2007, at
Florida Hospital Ormond Memorial.

PENNINGTON: Leah and Jason Pennington of Port Orange are the parents of a son
weighing 7 pounds, 5 ounces, born at 7:54 a.m. March 27, 2007, at Florida
Hospital Ormond Memorial.

SHEPARD/SLIGH: James Shepard and Chalese Sligh of Holly Hill are the parents of
a son weighing 5 pounds, 9 ounces, born at 1:32 p.m. March 26, 2007, at Florida
Hospital Ormond Memorial.

THOMAS: Chrissy and Timothy Thomas of DeLand are the parents of a daughter
weighing 7 pounds, 2 ounces, born at 7:40 p.m. March 21, 2007, at Florida
Hospital DeLand.

WHARTON/BRATCHER: Mike Wharton and Emmy Bratcher of Edgewater are the parents of
a daughter weighing 7 pounds, 7 ounces, born at 3:36 a.m. March 26, 2007, at
Florida Hospital Ormond Memorial.

WHEALEN/HOHENSTEIN: Terry Whealen and Angela Hohenstein of Holly Hill are the
parents of a daughter weighing 9 pounds, 9 ounces, born at 4:51 p.m. March 19,
2007, at Halifax Medical Center, Daytoan Beach.

WILSON/BERRIOS: Kishawne Wilson and Alysia Berrios of Deltona are the parents of
a son weighing 8 pounds, 5 ounces, born at 5:11 a.m. March 23, 2007, at Florida
Hospital DeLand.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                              683 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Farmland rental rates a tough topic

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 663 words


Jan. 12--DEVILS LAKE, N.D. -- Willie Huot has spent years helping farmers and
landlords develop farmland rental agreements and he's reached this conclusion:
"What you come up with has to benefit both parties. It needs to be a win-win
situation," says Huot, a veteran Grand Forks (N.D.) County extension agent.

Huot and Kyle Nelsen, loan officer with Farm Credit Services in Rugby, N.D.,
talked about farmland rental rates Jan. 7 at the annual Lake Region Extension
Roundup in Devils Lake, N.D. About 700 people attended the two-day event, which
began Jan. 6. This was the 35th year for the Roundup, which offers sessions on a
wide range of agricultural topics. Most of the presenters come from NDSU,
commodity groups or private companies.

Determining farmland agreements has never been easy. Farmers and landlords often
have differing ideas of what's fair, Huot says.

But the task has grown more difficult in recent years. Soaring crop prices
pushed up rental rates; now, with crop prices plunging, rates need to adjust,
though how much and how soon is unclear.

Arriving at a mutually agreeable rate is even more complicated because ownership
of some farmland is passing to the next generation. In many cases, the new
owners live far away and have limited understanding of modern ag, Huot says.

That increases the importance of creating good relationships between tenants and
landlords, he says.

"I can't underscore enough the importance of building relationships," he says.

Historically, farmland rental agreements have been verbal. Now, though, written
agreements are best, Huot says.

'From the trenches'

Nelsen says his perspective as an ag lender comes "from the trenches."

He identifies four main factors driving farmland rental rates.

--The quality of the rented land, including whether land is too wet or has
problems with salinity.

--How close would-be tenants are to the land. When crop prices were high,
farmers in general were willing to travel greater distances to farm rented land.

--The size of the parcel. Bigger parcels, which can be more efficient to farm,
are more attractive.

--Whether the land is cropped or pasture. Rates for cropland are flat, while
rates for pasture are up substantially, a reflection of soaring cattle prices.

Know landlord's profile

Farmers need to "know the profile of your landlord," Nelsen says.

He identifies three basic types:

--A "mom and pop you've been renting from forever."

--Their children, who probably have less understanding of modern ag.

--Their grandchildren, who might want the highest rental rate possible
regardless of a farmer's relationship with his or her grandparents.

As ownership passes to children and grandchildren, "It gets harder to negotiate.
There gets less and less loyalty," he says.

Another change is that farming has become "more of a business and less of a
lifestyle," which increases competition to rent land, Nelsen says.

"Why is my neighbor's pickup in my landlord's driveway?" Quite possibly because
the neighbor is lobbying to rent land you farm now, Nelsen says.

Farmers need to ask themselves, "What kind of tenant am I?" Controlling weeds,
paying rent on time and communicating frequently in "good-quality conversations"
are important, he says.

Paying rent on time is particularly crucial, he says.

He's seen a number of cases where tenants failed to pay on time and subsequently
had their landlord switch to another tenant. Paying even a few days late can
anger landlords.

Helpful websites

Huot recommends two websites that can be useful.

One is www.websoilsurvey.nrcs.usda. gov, which provides soil data and
information from the National Cooperative Soil Survey.

The other is www.cffm.umn.edu/ products/FairRent.aspx. The site, operated by the
University of Minnesota's Center for Farm Financial Management, allows farmers
to evaluate cash rent and share rental arrangements.

___ (c)2015 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150112-AW-Farmland-rental-rates-a-tough-topic-0112-20150112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2015 Agweek


                              684 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Courtland Journal (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 31, 2014

Nomination Deadline Nears for Farm Service Agency County Committees

BYLINE: The Courtland Journal staff

LENGTH: 356  words


WASHINGTON, July 17, 2014 -- U. S. Department of Agricultun (USDA) Farm Service
Agency (FSA) Administrator Juan Garci; reminds farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers that Aug. 1 2014, is the deadline for local FSA county
committee nominations.

County committees are an important link between the farn community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Farmers anc ranchers elected to local committees
share their opinions and ideas or federal farm programs.

"There's still time for eligible farmers and ranchers to get involved ir this
year's county committee elections," said Garcia. "Nominal yourself or a
candidate of your choice to serve on the local count) committee. I especially
encourage the nomination of beginning farmer! and ranchers, as well as women and
minorities. This is youi opportunity to have a say in how federal programs are
delivered in youi county."

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny fanr ownership or operating
loans, they work closely with county executive directors and make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, smergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.

Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7.80C farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees on sist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person musl sarticipate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local idministrative area where the person
is nominated. '

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the tomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about ?SA county committee elections
are available at vww.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Forms for the 2014 election must be
jostmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of justness on
Aug. 1, 2014, Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by ov. 3 and are due
back to the local USDA Service Centers on Dec. l! [lie newly elected county
committee members will take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COJ

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Courtland Journal


                              685 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Namibian Sun

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

1.2 million hectares in foreign hands

LENGTH: 662  words


1.2 million hectares in foreign hands

After 25 years it would seem that Namibia's land reform efforts are a mixed bag
of successes and failures.
In an overview provided of the country's land reform process since 1991 that
highlighted the challenges and achievements it came to light that a total of 1.2
million hectares of Namibia's agricultural land are still under foreign
ownership with the majority being in German and South African hands.


This is despite a decision that was taken at the landmark National Land
Conference of 1991 that non-Namibians must not own farmland.
Yesterday during the launch of Namibia's second land conference, which will be
held at the end of this year or early next year, specific details were provided
on foreign ownership of land in Namibia.
Currently 247 farms are owned by foreigners, with Germans owning 129 farms that
total 630 000 hectares.
South Africans are second on the list owning 81 farms in Namibia totalling 350
000 hectares while seven farms are owned by American nationals totalling 82 000
hectares.
Austrians own 14 farms totalling 49 000 hectares while Swiss nationals own six
that total 43 000 hectares. There is also one 40 000-hectare farm owned by a
Chinese national.
Furthermore 206 000 hectares of land in Namibia are owned by joint ventures
consisting of Namibians and foreigners.

In total 34 farms are owned by these joint ventures with South Africans and
Germans again owning the bulk together with locals.

Namibians and Germans together own 12 farms that total 52 000 hectares of
agricultural land while South Africans and Namibians in joint ventures own 10
farms that total 54 000 hectares.
One farm of 29 000 hectares is owned by a joint venture between Namibian
nationals and Russians.
Land reform minister Utoni Nujoma said the land issue in Namibia is a political,
social and economic issue.
According to the ministry at independence 36.2 million hectares were owned by 4
664 advantaged farmers and 150 000 families occupied 33.5 million hectares of
communal land. The ministry said that only 181 commercial farms were owned by
black farmers.
According to Nujoma the ministry has acquired 502 farms measuring 3.1 million
hectares at a cost of N$1.7 billion.
At least 5 231 families have been resettled.
He said that under the Affirmative Action Loan Scheme programme 3.4 million
hectares have been acquired at a cost of N$762 million.
The ministry has also purchased nine farms totalling 66 000 hectares at a cost
of N$63 million for communal land expansion. These farms are in the Erongo,
Hardap and //Karas regions.

Ten farms of 51 000 hectares, costing N$45 million, were bought by the ministry
for San communities.
The ministry stressed that one of their biggest challenges is limited funds for
purchasing land and the fact that appropriated funds lack when it comes to the
actual cost of the targeted land.
Three farms - 15 000 hectares - were expropriated at a cost of N$5 million in
Omaheke during 2006.
In that year the government served expropriation notices for five farms but
these were successfully challenged in court. Therefore the ministry has now
developed expropriation regulations that will be implemented by 1 September.
The land reform process has not escaped criticism over the years and reports of
favouritism in the allocation of resettlement farms have surfaced.
This year, land reform director Petrus Nangolo landed himself a resettlement
farm in the Kunene Region.
In 2011, former permanent secretary Lidwina Shapwa drew sharp criticism from the
public and opposition parties after she received a farm.
At the time, Shapwa, who is now the deputy justice minister, countered that
there were many other ministry staffers who had been resettled. Several managing
directors too have received resettlement farms.
Other challenges include the productivity of resettled families, with many
living in dire poverty unable to produce food or rear livestock.

ELLANIE SMIT

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1808


                              Copyright 2016 NHM.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          September 10, 2009 Thursday

Could Ag Loans Become The Next Group to Fall?

BYLINE: Anthony Malakian

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 8 Vol. 174 No. 170

LENGTH: 857  words


Agricultural loans are performing better than other credits, but signs of
weakness are all around, and bankers are worried that regulators will overreact.

Already, bankers say their ag loans are coming under greater scrutiny.

"In a few cases we've heard that examiners want to treat ag real estate loans as
if they were commercial real estate loans, which raises concerns from bankers
because the examiners are being very strict on commercial real estate loans,"
said Mark Scanlan, the vice president of agricultural and rural policy at the
Independent Community Bankers of America.

One Midwestern bank chief executive who asked not to be named, said that during
a recent review, the examiner pressed harder into his bank's farm loan portfolio
because of the April 10 failure of New Frontier Bank in Greeley, Colo., which
was one of the nation's largest lenders to dairy farmers.

Regulators even seem to be bracing for more failures of ag-focused banks. John
Blanchfield, senior vice president of the American Bankers Association's Center
for Agriculture and Rural Banking, said that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
is in talks with the trade group to train examiners on farm loan workouts.

The Department of Agriculture projects that netfarm income for 2009 will decline
38% over last year, to $54 billion. Blame falling commodity prices. Dairy
farmers are losing money on every gallon of milk they produce. Cattle and hog
farmers are breaking even, at best. Meanwhile, exuberance over ethanol has
tempered, and export demand is down.

The effect on agricultural banks is that delinquencies and chargeoffs are up,
while returns on equity and assets are declining.

At commercial banks, through the first quarter of the year, the share of total
delinquent farm real estate loans reached 2.76%, up from 1.66% through the same
period a year earlier, according to the Federal Reserve Board.

Seasonally adjusted delinquencies for agricultural production loans rose from
1.06% in the first quarter of 2008 to 1.71% for the same period this year.

Chargeoffs inched up, too, though they are still miniscule. Farm real estate
chargeoffs rose to 0.051% in the first quarter, from 0.008% a year earlier. Net
chargeoffs for non-real estate farm loans went from 0.02% in the first quarter
of 2008 to 0.11% this year.

One concern among farmers and bankers is that, without a broader economic
rebound, demand will continue to weaken, prices will continue to fall and
delinquencies will spike. Already, there are signs that banks are getting
skittish about extending credit. Demand for direct operating loans from the Farm
Service Agency, "the lender of last resort," was up 81% through the first eight
months of fiscal 2009 over the same period in fiscal 2008, according to the
Congressional Oversight Panel, the watchdog for the Troubled Asset Relief
Program. Demand for direct ownership loans from the FSA has increased 132% over
the same period.

"Every day you tune in to the commodity markets and they're lower," said Keith
Carlson, the president of United Farm and Ranch Management, which manages more
than 400 farms in Nebraska and is a subsidiary of the $3.3billion-asset TierOne
Bank in Lincoln. "If we have these lower prices for a year, we're going to have
farmers who are forced to sell what they produced for less than what it costs to
produce. If they don't sell, a banker is going to make them sell it."

Still, bankers said the farm economy is going through a downturn, not a crisis.
Income, though down from a year ago, is still higher than the 10-year average,
interest rates are near historic lows and farmers' debt-to-income levels are
manageable, industry experts said. Most ag banks remain profitable.

Cor Broekhuyse, executive vice president and regional head of Rabobank
International-Americas, said volatility is a fact of life in the farm industry.

"That's how every cycle in agriculture is sorted out: Prices go down, people
kill off dairy cows, they go into meat, so the production of milk will go down
so the demand comes up again," he said. "It's rather deep this time, I must say,
but it will come back. ...

"People always have to eat," Broekhuyse said. "There is a developing, new
middle-class consumer category in countries like China and India, where there is
not a strongly developed domestic industry. So they will still rely a lot on
imports from the Americas. ... So maybe there is a dip now, but that is only
temporary."

From a regulatory standpoint, the industry has seemingly dodged one bullet.

In July, the oversight panel held a hearing in Greeley to find out if the
failure of New Frontier was an isolated event or if it signaled broader problems
in the agricultural economy that might require a Tarp-like rescue of farmers and
ranchers.

After hearing rival bankers label many of New Frontier's borrowers as
"unbankable," the panel concluded that New Frontier fell victim to its own
mismanagement. It decided that forcing a farm loan restructuring mandate for
Tarp-recipient banks was not "the right lever" to pull, as Elizabeth Warren, the
watchdog's chairwoman, put it.

Anthony Malakian is the senior associate editor at U.S. Banker.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday

Trust young farmers to steward family's land, legacy

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 697 words

ABSTRACT

Opinion page planning package

FULL TEXT

Agriculture as we know it is changing and young farmers need help from previous
generations.

How is agriculture changing? The better question is, how is agriculture not
changing?

Even 10 years ago, one was hard pressed to find organic options on the shelf.
Today, Raley's has changed the structure of its store to cater to this market.
You don't have to be an "organicophile" to eat organic anymore.

The change demonstrates that consumers want quality, not quantity. At least this
is the trend. Nevertheless, for the last 50 years farmers produced quantity.
Efficiency was the call, and farmers heeded it magnificently. In the agriculture
of tomorrow, quality is king.

However, I am convinced our young famers will provide solutions that will not
pit quality against quantity. In the ag of tomorrow, the demand will be for
both. We, too, will heed the call. But we need help.

There was a day when our dads and their dads dumped nutrients on soil in huge
amounts. The early days of synthetic nitrogen produced greener, taller, more
abundant crops. This meant more food for the world and more cash in the pockets
of hard-working farmers. It's unfair to fault them for doing this.

From an operational perspective, the drive for quality has given way to a new
kind of input management. Thus, if quality is king, precision input management
is queen.

The departure has begun from dumping high volumes of synthetic fertilizer to
almost spoon-feeding exact amounts of highly specialized material. Such is being
applied not at high volumes, en masse, all at once. It's going on at lower
rates, more precisely, at higher frequency.

From a business perspective, ag is also changing regarding how farms are
structured. The old way yielded closely held family ownership. In the ag of
tomorrow - dare I say the ag of today - the move is to corporate, consolidated
ownership.

For dad and granddad, it was a lifestyle to farm. For those of us who have also
chosen to farm for the next 35 years, it will be a lifestyle, but there will be
much greater attention to detail. Highly specialized business acumen will
separate the good from the great. To say this differently, agribusiness will be
more business than agriculture.

Tomorrow's ag will require data-driven faculties needed for all types of
decision making. For example, almost real-time market projection capability -
that few of our dads knew or used - and our ability to make operational
decisions based on that capability will be the norm.

These are just a few of the challenges facing young farmers. How can the farmers
who have come before us help?

First, realize quality is king, but know we don't have to sacrifice quantity
while striving for quality. Enable us to pursue both by allowing change to come
to the farm. Bring research to your fields and your filing cabinets. Take small,
manageable risks by implementing new technologies, or executing an innovative
approach to nitrogen management, for example.

Of paramount importance is not selling out to large corporations who have no
genuine desire to steward the land. Farming is more than money and so is your
legacy. Make your kids realize this, too.

Start succession planning now with the option of giving young farmers the chance
to farm what you have worked so hard at over the years. Give us the ability to
manage your investment for your kids, if they don't want to farm directly.

One of the largest hurdles young farmers face today is the financial inability
to start from the ground up. Young farmers are usually crippled by student loans
and have little if any assets. If you believe in what you have done for the last
30-40 years, give a young farmer the opportunity to plow that legacy forward.

As a young farmer, there are three gifts I cherish: the ability to do in-field
experimentation; the ability to make small, manageable changes to the business;
and the ability to prove my own family can continue stewarding one's land - and
legacy - for generations to come.

Rory Crowley is a Chico farmer and columnist for North State Voices, which
appears each Thursday. Email him at CaAgVoice@gmail.com Follow him on Twitter
and Instagram, @r_p_c86.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Riverhounds, majority owner propose Chapter 11 plan

BYLINE: by Anders Melin

LENGTH: 727 words


Life is not just nuts and bolts for Connellsville, Pa., businessman Terrance C.
Shallenberger. Soon he could be adding a soccer team and a 3,500-seat arena to
his portfolio.

The president of a local construction company and majority shareholder of the
Pittsburgh Riverhounds minor league soccer franchise on Aug. 15 joined with the
debtors to file separate reorganization plans for the team's owner and the
entity that owns its stadium, which both have been in bankruptcy since March. On
confirmation, Shallenberger Investments LLC would become the sole owner of team
owner Riverhounds Acquisition Group LP and stadium owner Riverhounds Event
Center LP.

Judge Jeffery A. Deller of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of
Pennsylvania in Pittsburgh is set to consider the disclosure statements on Sept.
26.

Under the two plans, allowed administrative expense claims, U.S. trustee fees
and the debtor-in-possession loan extended by Shallenberger Investments would be
paid in full. The initial $358,000 balance, approved in April, was increased by
another $300,000 in July. The debtors estimated the loan, maturing on Sept. 26,
would have a $710,000 balance on the effective date.

Professional compensation claims would be paid once final applications were
received and approved by the court.

The reorganized debtors would assume a loan from First National Bank of
Pennsylvania with a $1.3 million balance, with the debt to be repaid according
to its initial terms.

Secured creditors Modular Space Corp. ($197,000) and Deere & Co. ($7,385) would
be paid in full.

RAG would split the $7.16 million claim of Pittsburgh Urban Initiatives Sub-CDE
3 LP into a $950,000 secured portion, to be paid in full, and the remainder,
which would be treated as a general unsecured claim. The debtor said it would
file an amended disclosure statement once negotiations with CDE were concluded,
which could alter that distribution.

Unsecured creditors of RAG, owed $1.75 million excluding CDE's deficiency claim,
would get to split the proceeds from any avoidance actions and potential legal
actions against Shallenberger Investments, Shallenberger himself or other
parties. RAG and Shallenberger would put $50,000 into the fund on the effective
date to bankroll administrative and legal expenses.

RAG's largest unsecured creditors include Adpro Sports (owed $52,536), Wilke &
Associates LLP ($52,018) and Gimme Marketing Inc. ($36,405)

Stadium owner REC would treat the $500,000 claim of the Urban Redevelopment
Authority of Pittsburgh as unsecured, pending ongoing negotiations with the
agency.

REC's unsecured creditors would receive pro rata shares of proceeds from
avoidance actions or other legal actions. REC is disputing 10 of the claims,
which make up $9.52 million of the $10.2 million in total unsecured claims.

REC's largest unsecured creditors are Shallenberger Investments (owed $2.51
million), David Wilke ($250,000) and RAM Acoustical Corp. ($192,000).

Existing equity holders would lose their ownership stakes to Shallenberger, who
would retain full control of both reorganized companies, up from his current 51%
stakes.

Shallenberger, who also would provide the reorganized debtor with a $1.75
million subordinated revolving exit loan, could not be reached for a comment.
Court papers did not detail the loan.

Founded in 1999 as the minor league affiliate of Major League Soccer's Houston
Dynamo, the Riverhounds play in the 14-team United Soccer Leagues Professional
Division, or USL Pro, usually considered the nation's third-tier professional
league, trailing MLS and the 10-team American Soccer League.

RAG and REC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on March 26, asserting they could
not service the debt accumulated by the construction of Highmark Stadium in 2012
and 2013. Only months before, a number of creditors had threatened to file an
involuntary bankruptcy petition.

The Riverhounds have maintained their regular schedule for the season that
kicked off on March 29, but the club thus far has recorded only seven wins in 24
games, leaving them next-to-last in the 14-team league. The team squares off
against FC Dallas at home on Sunday, Aug. 24.

Debtor counsel John M. Steiner of Leech Tishman Fuscaldo & Lampl LLC and David
W. Ross of Babst Calland Clements and Zomnir PC, representing Shallenberger,
could not be reached for comment.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 27, 2009

Bostwick to chair state FSA panel

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 337  words


ALBUQUERQUE - Salomon Ramirez, State Executive Director of USDA's Farm Service
Agency (FSA) in New Mexico, today announced the individuals who will serve on
the New Mexico Farm Service Agency State Committee. The State Committee members
will oversee the activities of the agency to include carrying out the state
agricultural conservation programs, resolving appeals from the agriculture
community and helping to keep producers informed about FSA programs.

"Rural America and our farming communities face a unique set of challenges, but
these individuals have the experience and passionm necessary to overcome those
challenges and we are fortunate to have them on our team," said Ramirez. "The
State Committee plays a vital role in the administration of farm programs in New
Mexico and the farmers and ranchers in New Mexico will be served well."

The individuals appointed to serve on this committee include:

Chairman James Bostwick - Bostwick currently resides in Clo-vis and is the owner
of Bostwick Farms, which raises wheat, grain sorghum, and runs a cow-calf
operation.

Larry Burnett - Burnett currently resides in Estancia and is the owner of
various ranches where he raises cattle.

Eddie Diaz - Diaz currently resides in Deming and is currently a farmer of green
chiles, beans, onions, corn, and hay.

Molly Manzanares - Manzanares is from Tierra Amarilla and is a partner in
Shepherd's Lamb, a family organic lamb and yarn business.

Jeff Sisneros - Sisne-ros currently resides in Espanola and is a farmer of
alfalfa, corn, and also grazes cattle.

USDA's Farm Services Agency works to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural Americans. Some of the agency's efforts include
facilitating income support, disaster assistance and conservation programs,
providing operating loans for the procurement of farm equipment, seed and
fertilizer, as well as offering ownership loans to help new and veteran
producers purchase a farm.

For more information about FSA and its programs, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/nm.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2009 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              690 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection; Direct Loan Making

LENGTH: 966 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection; Direct
Loan Making AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice; request for
comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995, the Farm Service
Agency (FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and
organizations on a revision and an extension of a currently approved information
collection that supports 7 CFR part 764. The Direct Loan Making regulations
specify the application process and requirements for direct loan assistance.

FSA is adding additional information collection to the existing collection to
reflect the addition of the Direct Farm Ownership Microloan (DFOML). The
collected information is used in eligibility and feasibility determinations on
farm loan applications. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive by
December 7, 2015. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In
your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Russ Clanton, Branch Chief, Direct Loan Making and

 Funds Management, USDA/FSA/FLP, STOP 0523, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-0503.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and

 Budget, Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may

 be requested by contacting Russ Clanton at the above address.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Russ Clanton, (202) 690-0214.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

     Title: Farm Loan Programs, Direct Loan Making.

     OMB Number: 0560-0237.

     Expiration Date: 02/29/2016.

     Type of Request: Revision and Extension.

     Abstract: FSA's Farm Loan Programs provide loans to family farmers

 to purchase real estate and equipment, and to finance agricultural

 production. Direct Loan Making regulations at 7 CFR part 764 provide

 the requirements and process for determining an applicant's eligibility

 for a direct loan.

     Several changes are being made in the estimates for the burden

 hours and the number of respondents in anticipation of the new DFOML,

 which will be implemented through rulemaking. FSA anticipates an

 increase in the use of the forms. Also, the burden hours have changed

 due to the removal of the existing collection, which was previously

 included in error. The specific changes are explained below.

     There will be no new or revised forms for DFOMLs. With the planned

 addition of the DFOML and the new applicants expected to apply for

 these real estate microloans, FSA anticipates the total burden hours

 for Direct Loan Making increasing by 1,725 hours. The anticipated 3,530

 burden hours for DFOML takes into account the number of regular FO

 applications normally received for loan requests of $50,000 or less,

 which have a reduced application process and paperwork burden. The

 hours for the Land Contract Guarantee



 [[Page 60615]]



 Program and Emergency Equine Loss Loan Program, previously merged into

 the Direct Loan Making total burden hours, have been removed from the

 collection as they are already accounted for in other existing

 information collections. Also, the Farm Storage Facility Loan Program

 is exempted from PRA as specified in 2014 Farm Bill; therefore, those

 numbers are no longer included in the collection.

     The annual number of responses decreased by 12,751, while the

 number of respondents increases by 172 in the collection. The annual

 burden hours increase by 1,725 hours in the collection.

     The formula used to calculate the total burden hour is estimated

 average time per response in hours times total annual responses.

     Estimate of Respondent Burden: Public reporting burden for the

 information collection is estimated to average 0.503851 hours per

 response. The average travel time, which is included in the total

 burden, is estimated to be 1 hour.

     Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other for

 profit farms.

     Estimated Annual Number of Respondents: 182,433.

     Estimated Number of Reponses per Respondent: 3.8.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 685,686.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.503851 hours.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 345,484 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for

 the proper performance of the functions of FSA, including whether the

 information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the

 validity of the methodology and assumptions used;

     (3) Enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to

 be collected;

     (4) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those

 who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,

 electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or

 other forms of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the submission for Office

 of Management and Budget approval.



  Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25425 Filed 10-6-15; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Courier, Iowa

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday

Cedar Valley Bank looks back at 100 years

BYLINE: Pat Kinney, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


Jul. 9--Editor's note: This story first appeared in Cedar Valley BizLink in
June.

LA PORTE CITY -- Forty-nine names, all penned in flawless script with fountain
pen. Beside each, a pledge.

Some gave $100. Some gave $1,000.

The year on the ledger was 1906.

The list is of original stockholders in what is now Cedar Valley Bank & Trust.
The institution started as Mount Auburn State Bank in Benton County. In the
1990s, it moved its charter across the county line to La Porte City and became
Cedar Valley Bank.

The bank celebrated its 100th anniversary Friday.

The amount of time probably required to enter those original shareholders'
names, by hand, in the meticulous script is perhaps in itself evidence of a
simpler, less hectic time.

"In those days, basically, you convinced ... however many people to kick in and
start a bank," President David Coulter said.

The ledger, which contains information from early board meetings, holds a lot of
history. Included is correspondence with state banking officials on starting a
liberty bond drive during World War I.

Today, Cedar Valley Bank is one of the few existing banks with its charter in
Black Hawk County that survived the Great Depression and the farm crisis in the
1980s. Today, the institution has more than $30 million in assets.

"There were all kinds of them that didn't make it through the '30s," Coulter
said. "The management of the ones that survived had to have been good talkers to
convince people not to take their money out."

In an era of name mergers and acquisitions, Cedar Valley Bank remains locally
owned. The bank arrived in La Porte City and took its current name in 1991 after
acquiring a former Statesman Bank branch. It's been in the same building 13
years.

Coulter joined what was then Mount Auburn Savings Bank in 1987. The original
bank building in Mount Auburn sold to an American Legion post for $1.

Local ownership has been important in the bank's longevity.

"We are the third family through the chain of ownership of the bank," Coulter
said.

The Al Weiss family was key in the bank's early history; Bob Hadley and his
family took ownership in the 1950s and managed the company for three decades.

Coulter and his father, Dan, who farms near Lincoln and lives in Traer, bought
the bank in 1988. Coulter was in his early 30s at the time. Father and son own
100 percent of the bank.

"I've only got one guy to satisfy. I think that's a lot of why it's survived,"
the younger Coulter said.

David Coulter, who graduated from the University of Northern Iowa, served as a
state bank examiner in his first job out of college.

The bank's holding company and its employees' profit sharing account invested in
Community National Bank in Waterloo-Cedar Falls but never tried to open a branch
there. It's been a good strategy.

"That's our way to participate in the metro area, is to be a stockholder in
Community National, rather than fight for a little sliver," he said.

There is another reason.

"I'm a small-town guy," Coulter said.

He believes the bank prospers because of a local rebound in Waterloo and Cedar
Falls as well.

"It took a long time to be able to say that being close to Waterloo was a good
thing. But it is," Coulter said. "There's a lot of good things going on in
Waterloo."

And big projects, like the Isle of Capri project south of Crossroads Center.

"Another thing that's going to be interesting to see, whether it has an impact
on us, is a casino on this side of town," he said.

Contact Pat Kinney at (319) 291-1484 or pat.kinney@wcfcourier.com

Copyright (c) 2006, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060709-OO-0709-Cedar-Valley-Bank-looks-back-at-100-years

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2006 Waterloo Courier


                              692 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 5, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

FARM CREDIT AGENCY MAY REQUEST FEDERAL AID AS BAD LOANS PILE UP

BYLINE: By PETER T. KILBORN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1114 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 4


The Farm Credit Administration, overseer of the nation's farmer-owned banking
system, is considering asking the Reagan Administration for a rescue from a
pile-up of bad loans, officials of the agency reported today.

The White House, which has been closely watching the deteriorating farm economy
all summer, has opposed such assistance on both ideological and budgetary
grounds. But loan defaults among farm borrowers have become so widespread that
officials may decide to recommend some sort of intervention to President Reagan,
according to a White House economic policy official.

''The feeling is we're going to have to do something,'' said the official, who
asked not to be named.

''We don't have all of the options laid out,'' Agriculture Secretary John R.
Block said today at a news conference. ''But we are monitoring the system on a
daily basis and acquiring more information on which to base a decision.''

The Farm Credit Administration, whose governors gathered today for a special
meeting at their McLean, Va., headquarters to study the loan difficulties,
oversees the Farm Credit System. It is a network of 12 farm-banking districts
with a total of 37 farmer-owned banks.

The banks include three types of lenders, some making short-term planting loans,
some making mortgage loans and some making loans to organizations that provide
services to farmers. The system raises most of the funds it lends by selling
bonds in the financial markets.

Two of the districts, Spokane, Wash., and Omaha, have had to be rescued this
year from insolvency by the other districts. And Tuesday the system said that
for the first time in at least 40 years, the F.C.A. expects to lose more money
from bad loans than it will earn from the interest it collects on loans. News of
the predicted loss and the disclosure in an article in The Wall Street Journal
that a request for Federal support was being considered pushed up interest rates
on the system's debt by as much as a quarter percentage point in trading today.

The issue has been at the top of the President's economic-policy agenda all
summer, along with Mr. Reagan's tax plan and the nation's trade deficit,
according to Administration officials.

There is disagreement within the Administration over a rescue. The idea is
opposed by the Council of Economic Advisers and the Office of Management and
Budget, which fear its impact on the Federal budget, particularly at a time when
Congress is putting together a new four-year farm bill that is likely to exceed
the President's objectives by several billion dollars.

The Agriculture Department might favor assistance if the decline of the farm
economy persists. However, some in the department believe the Farm Credit
Administration has adequate resources to resolve the issue, which may explain
Secretary Block's noncommittal public approach today.

Of numerous approaches to Federal intervention, officials said, the one
mentioned most often would create a federally chartered financial institution to
buy the system's troubled loans, most likely for less than their face value. The
new agency would then assume ownership of the property covered by the loans,
rent it back to the farmers and let them try to purchase it sometime later.

This approach, and others being contemplated, would involve close Government
regulation of the sort that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the
Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve Board now provide for the
nation's commercial banks.

Acceptance of such supervision would mark a significant reversal in the system's
jealously guarded independence from Federal regulation.

However, pressures are mounting. The farm economy has been deteriorating for
four years because of declines in farm exports, in the prices farmers get for
their products and in the value of the farm land that farmers use as collateral
for their loans.

Farm economists suspect that the deterioration may have accelerated this summer
amid projections of bumper harvests that have pushed crop and land prices down
still further. In addition, the F.C.A. reports that loan-payment difficulties
have spread from short-term planting loans to longer-term farm mortgages.

Farmers owe their creditors $213 billion, and the F.C.A. says $77 billion of
that is owed to the Farm Credit System. As of last March, the F.C.A. says,
nonperforming loans - those ranging from default and foreclosure to those on
which the system has extended repayment schedules -amounted to $11.2 billion, up
from $9.1 billion just three months earlier. The F.C.A. says that perhaps half
the nonperforming loans will have to be written off.

The Administration and the F.C.A. appear to disagree over the level of funds
that the agency has available to accommodate such write-offs and avert losses
for the system. The F.C.A. says it has about $1.2 billion in loan loss reserves
for such purposes, but the Agriculture Department says that from all sources the
system could provide $6 billion or $7 billion.

If the Administration were to intervene in the Farm Credit System, Agriculture
Department officials said, it would require that those funds be used to reduce
the system's losses.

Some officials doubt that assistance will be needed.

''We continue to believe that the system has sufficient loan loss reserves to
contain its own problem,'' said Robert L. Thompson, Assistant Secretary of
Agriculture for Economic Affairs.

If intervention is decided upon, the Administration is already exploring several
forms.

Mr. Thompson said the Administration might ask Congress to create what officials
are informally calling ''Aggie Mae'' - an agency that would buy the system's
deteriorated loans and take possession of the farms on which the loans were
made. Such an agency could finance purchase of the loans through the sale of
tax-exempt bonds.Mr. Thompson said.

In the case of farmers who have enough income to keep up with all their other
expenses, the agency would rent the farm back to the farmer and in five years
give him the first option to repurchase it at the fair market value then
prevailing. If he could not do so, the farm would be sold to some other buyer.
The Government would make money or lose it under the arrangement, depending on
whether land values rise or fall.

Under another proposal, the Government would create another institution,
tentatively called the Agriculture Conservation Corporation, that would buy up
farmland. By reducing the supply of land - and, with it, farm production - both
farm prices and land values would be expected to rise or at least stabilize.
Sometime later, when values would be stronger, the institution would resell.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              693 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday

Deep waters for incoming council

BYLINE: LUKE Peter

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION; LUKE'S VIEW; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 700 words


From a massive irrigation proposal in the Canterbury hinterland to a more modest
scheme to build a suburban swimming pool in Christchurch, water will be on the
minds of Christchurch City councillors over coming months.

Christchurch City councillors should be getting plenty of rest over the New Year
break. The new electoral term is less than three months old but already there
are signs of testing times ahead in 2008.

One way or another, water will continue to be a dominant issue for the
Canterbury region and the city council.

Hearings on the controversial Central Plains Water (CPW) scheme, before
commissioners appointed by Environment Canterbury and the Selwyn District
Council, are scheduled to begin in February and they are expected to take
several months.

The length of this process is not surprising as the scheme cuts to issues of
huge sensitivity in the region. These include water rights, water purity, the
impact on affected landowners and the growth in dairying.

The city council had backed the scheme, at least to ensure that it proceeded as
far as the hearings process to enable the environmental and legal arguments to
be resolved by experts.

In July, the council approved a $4.8 million third-party loan for CPW from dairy
firms Clovernook Farm, Dairy Holdings and Willsden Farm, despite complaints from
some councillors about a lack of communication from the CPW Trust.

The decision was far from unanimous, with five of the 14 councillors opposing
the loan approval.

Since then, the local body election has ushered in fresh faces on to the council
and there are signs that the balance among councillors over CPW has changed.

This month, councillors voted by eight votes to five to reject a staff report
that had been called for to address concerns raised by the Malvern Hills
Protection Society about the loan, notably the potential for a private dairy
company financing the scheme to take water from the Rakaia River if CPW was
granted a resource consent.

Significantly, four of the five new councillors were among the majority of eight
-- Mike Wall, Yani Johanson, Ngaire Button and Chrissie Williams. The council
subsequently called for a second legal opinion on the issues raised by the
society.

Johanson said he would be concerned if the loan agreement with the dairy
companies in any way led to the loss of resource consents from public ownership.

Ironically, this is not too dissimilar to an argument raised by supporters of
CPW. They argue that if the scheme does not proceed, the Rakaia River water
being sought by CPW would be allocated to another applicant and this would
probably be a private dairy interest.

Although a new councillor, Johanson is already showing signs that he is not
afraid to stick his head above the parapets.

This month, he was sharply critical of the process through which Mayor Bob
Parker decided to ban boy racers in several northern Christchurch roads.
Johanson complained that councillors had played no part in the decision and had
not been given a formal briefing by the council's legal services unit or the
police.

No doubt Johanson will be making his views known on another issue the council
must resolve early next year, and again water is involved.

After the Edgeware Pool in St Albans was closed and then demolished last year,
its supporters were thrown a lifeline of sorts.

The council had been considering using the pool site for affordable housing, but
in February said no decision about the site would be made until March next year.
This would give backers of a new pool on the site time to develop a proposal for
a replacement and to raise funds to finance it.

A draft plan for a new pool has been produced, but according to the St Albans
pavilion and pool website, just $14,750 has been raised, which is massively
short of the estimated price tag of $2m.

Friends of Edgeware told the Shirley-Papanui Community Board last month that the
lack of long-term land tenure meant that some backers were reluctant to
contribute. The group wants to gain the land tenure and a time extension from
the council.

If the council is not amenable, the city could see a repeat of the same angry
outpouring of emotion as when the pool was demolished just over a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 12, 1989, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Careers;
Saving Jobs Through Use Of ESOP's

BYLINE: By Elizabeth M. Fowler

SECTION: Section D; Page 20, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 714 words


WITH so many jobs in jeopardy these days, Lee Smith, executive director of New
York State's Industrial Cooperation Council, believes one approach to saving
jobs and companies is through employee stock ownership plans, known as ESOP's.

While ESOP's by well-known companies like Avis Inc. and the Weirton Steel
Corporation have attracted notice in recent years, many involve small companies.

Mr. Smith pointed to the ESOP established by Stedman Old Farm Nurseries Inc., of
Newfane, N.Y., about 25 miles from Buffalo. ''We are what you call a production
grower, and we do a commercial and residential business,'' said Richard E.
Rybolt, 53 years old, the president and former owner of the company. The
company, begun in 1920, consists of two garden centers and 150 acres of farmland
where it grows trees, shrubs and flowers, with sales of $1.25 million yearly.

Mr. Rybolt, the owner since 1972, began to think about selling the business in
1985. ''I wanted to cash in the one major investment I had because I thought I
had reached the time in my life for a more diversified financial package,'' he
said. ''In a Buffalo newspaper I read an article about ESOP's which mentioned
the New York Center for Employee Ownership and Participation, and I said to
myself I'll risk a call, although I hate bureaucracies. At the time I thought
ESOP's were mostly for large companies.''

The center, organized in 1986, is part of the Industrial Cooperation Council, a
venture set up by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo to try to increase jobs and businesses in
the state.

''Two staff members came to talk to me,'' Mr. Rybolt said, adding that the tax
advantage of an ESOP, a tax-free rollover of his money into other investments,
appealed to him. He also liked the idea that he ''could do something for my
employees.''

After a feasiblity study by an outside company, Mr. Rybolt arranged a loan of
$700,000 payable over 10 years from the National Cooperative Bank in Washington,
a nonprofit enterprise that offers financing. In return he yielded 64 percent of
his 100 percent ownership to the company ESOP, starting last January.

''I am really gung ho about this program and the help received,'' he said. ''I
have secured my own retirement. Also, the employees have been motivated and
their productivity has increased. Now they own a piece of the pie.''

Since the business is seasonal, its employee numbers change during the year,
anywhere from 120 in the spring and summer to 30 people after the Christmas
holidays.

For their work in 1989, the first full year the plan has been in operation, Mr.
Rybolt said that about 40 employes would be allocated stock after the end of the
year on a pro rata basis based on salaries. If they leave, the company will buy
back shares. The company's board of managers, which Mr. Rybolt organized, also
decided on a 6 percent pay increase.

Calling himself a high school graduate without any special training in
landscaping or horticulture, Mr. Rybolt recalled that as a young man growing up
in Ohio he had worked for some garden centers. Then he worked at the Stedman
firm for 13 years, when he had a chance to buy it.

Over a period of years he had acquired some rental properties and repaired them,
and he raised the $110,000 needed to buy the nursery by taking out a mortgage on
one of the properties. That was back in 1972, when the nursery's revenues were
about $65,000 a year, compared with $1.25 million now.

Someday he expects to sell his remaining 36 percent interest in the company. The
price then will be determined by an outside evaluator, he said, adding ''that
the decision will not be at the mercy of management and that insures that
employees are fairly treated.''

ESOP financing nationwide in 1987 totaled $5.5 billion, about four times the
amount in 1986. In 1988 the amount rose to $6.5 billion, and through November of
this year there has been ''a big explosion of interest,'' increasing the total
to $24 billion through November, Mr. Smith said.

But not all proposed ESOP's succeed, Mr. Smith said, noting that the one at
Hyatt Clark Industries had been unsuccessful because of what he called a lack of
management-worker cooperation.

''Another key to success is that there must be a need for the product the
company makes.'' Mr. Smith said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              695 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                             January 8, 2017 Sunday

PM seeds farm cash transfer plan

BYLINE: Jayanta Roy Chowdhury

LENGTH: 559  words


New Delhi, Jan. 8: The Narendra Modi-government is planning to roll out a
nationwide scheme of direct cash transfer to farmers' Jan Dhan accounts - in
lieu of fertiliser subsidies to companies.

However, the lack of land and tenancy records in many states along with
insufficient banking coverage in rural areas are the major deterrents to the
plan, which has the potential to become the BJP-led government's real vote
catcher.

A limited version of the cash transfer plan is expected to be unveiled in this
year's budget as a preview of what is likely to be rolled out in 2018-19, before
the general elections in 2019. Even a limited version of the scheme can help the
NDA to garner votes in the upcoming elections in four states, including Uttar
Pradesh and Punjab, where farmers' issues and politics are intertwined.

Of the estimated 263 million farmers in the country, around 159 million are
covered by the Jan Dhan savings accounts. The direct cash transfer scheme will
enable the government to send money to individual farmers' accounts, which can
be used to buy farm inputs, including fertilisers.

According to officials, who have been working at a frantic pace to roll out the
scheme, the biggest challenge is to bring in the remainder 35 per cent of the
farmers into the banking system and prepare rolls of tenant farmers who actually
till the land. Patchy ownership of land records in many states also pose a
problem.

"The project may be announced in the budget if the government so pleases, but we
may be able to roll out only by the end of this year even if we worked at a mad
pace all over the country," officials said.

At present, a pilot project involving around 16 districts is underway.

Analysts believe the scheme, which puts money into the hands of farmers, can
yield huge political benefits for the ruling alliance just as the MNREGA proved
to be a game-changer for the Manmohan Singh-government. The MNREGA guaranteed
100 days of work annually to all rural households.

A direct transfer scheme will also boost rural demand and correct the pronounced
tilt towards buying heavily subsidised urea and potash-based fertilisers, which
have led to a decline in farm output in some areas and stagnation in others.

The government has budgeted about Rs 80,000 crore as fertiliser subsidy for the
coming year. Fertiliser stocks have already soared as news of this budget demand
got leaked. However, if the new scheme is launched even for part of the fiscal,
the entire amount will not accrue to the companies as subsidy.

Officials said besides promoting cash transfers, the government was aiming to
increase the amount of money loaned to farmers by 33 per cent to Rs 12 lakh
crore from Rs 9 lakh crore for 2017-18 and raise the interest subsidy on farm
loans.

However, a populist move such as a farm loan waiver, which both the BJP and the
Congress MPs have demanded, seem to irk the banks that are already reeling under
a huge burden of bad loans.

The continuation of subsidised loans and higher interest subvention are
political issues in both western Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, which are the seat of
the Green Revolution in the 1960s along with Haryana. Advanced technology of the
Green Revolution ushered in high yields and incomes, turning farmers and farming
castes into a politically conscious voting class and farm economics into a major
electoral issue.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2017 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Farm committee nominations to begin

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 413 words


June 15--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the nomination period for
Wilson County Farm Service Agency County Committees begins June 17.

"I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers to participate in this year's
county committee elections by nominating candidates by the August 1 deadline,"
said Vilsack. "County committees are a vital link between the farm community and
the U.S. Department of Agriculture and provide an opportunity to farmers and
ranchers for their opinions and ideas to be heard. We have been seeing an
increase in the number of nominations of women and minority candidates and I
hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on the Wilson County FSA Committee, a person must
participate or cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area in
which the person is a candidate.

Wilson County farmers and producers may nominate themselves or others, and
organizations representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To
become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available online at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the
2013 election must be postmarked or received in the Wilson County USDA Service
Center by close of business on Aug 1. Elections take place this fall.

While the Wilson County FSA Committee does not approve or deny farm ownership or
operating loans, it makes decisions on disaster and conservation programs,
emergency programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural
issues. Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800
farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of
three to 11 members that are elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 4. The voted ballots are
due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 2.
Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on Jan. 1, 2014.

Contact the Wilson County FSA Office for Committee election information or for
FSA programs and assistance visit our Office located at 1806 Goldsboro St, SW,
Wilson, NC 27893 or contact us at 252-237-5147, ext 2.

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130615-ZW-Farm-committee-nominations-to-begin-0615-20130615

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                              697 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

                            April 25, 1985, Thursday

Don Munro


What made news in the American Banker on this day. . .

50 Years Ago

* Rep. Henry B. Steagall, in an address to the Louisiana Bankers Association,
stressed that above all ''what we need is the restoration of independent
community banks in the United States.'' . . .

* The Farm Credit Administration took a hopeful view of the fact that 12 Federal
Land Banks disposed of 3,668 farms during the six-month period ending Feb. 28,
1935. W.I. Myers, governor of the FCA, pointed to what looked like renewed
interest in farm ownership. . . .

* James P. Warburg, vice chairman of Bank of Manhattan Co., vehemently argued
against the proposed Banking Act of 1935. Speaking before a Senate Banking
subcommittee, Mr. Warburg described political control of banking and credit as a
step toward communism.

20 Years Ago

* Dr. Marcus Nadler, 69, former chief of the Federal Reserve Board's foreign
division and a consulting economist for Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co., died in
New York. . . .

* A study by the Financial Public Relations Association revealed that two-thirds
of the 1,200 people interviewed felt that banks should offer more financial
advice and counseling service than they did. . . .

* Hundreds of banks throughout the Southwest and the Midwest looked to Kansas
City banks for services ranging from the clearing of checks, management
consultation, trust, and international banking to data processing and investment
portfolio supervision.

10 Years Ago

* The Federal Reserve Board, after a two-year delay, decided to restrict entry
of bank holding companies into the computer output microfilm industry, a
profitable new business. . . .

* Dee W. Hock, president of National BankAmericard Inc., warned bankers against
providing free electronic services to customers. Mr. Hock said the rapid
expansion of such services, enabling customers to gain access to their assets at
any time of the day, eliminated the need for them to leave their funds in
noninterest-bearing accounts.

5 Years Ago

* Inflated housing prices and mortgage rates resulted in a substantial
nationwide decrease in the number of executives willing to relocate to other
parts of the country. . . .

* Jay Janis, chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, said the nation's
savings and loan industry could shrink in size because of the current credit
environment, but he emphasized that thrifts had plenty of ''staying power'' to
meet any major problems. . . .

* Inflation, which fueled domestic loan demand, and the acquisition of smaller
banks and bank holding companies were the major factors in the growth of assets
of the top 100 bank holding companies in 1979.

1 Year Ago

* The Southeast was the scene of record merger activity in 1983. According to
American Banker's expanded survey of mergers, acquisitions, title, and location
changes among the top 300 banks in the nation, banks in that part of the country
accounted for 61% of all bank mergers. . . .

* The FDIC and the Bank Board adopted a rule limiting deposit insurance to
$100,000 per broker per insured institution used to place brokered deposits.

SECTION: FLASH BACKS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 522 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              698 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

ANOTHER DYNASTIC LEGACY

LENGTH: 825  words

DATELINE: India


India, April 11 -- Last week, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) granted
in-principle approval to IDFC Ltd and Bandhan Financial Services Pvt. Ltd to set
up banks. However, the Indian banking system is badly in need of capital and the
problem will persist regardless of how many new bank permits are issued. These
days, the discussion on the legacy of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA)
decade revolves around comparing economic growth in the UPA and the National
Democratic Alliance (NDA) years, ignoring lags and leads.

In fact, when it comes to economic growth, the NDA years should run from 1998 to
2008 and the UPA years should run from 2009 to 2019 because the ill-effects of
the two UPA regimes will be with India for many years to come. The government's
borrowing binge and the overall debt-fuelled growth of the UPA years have left
the banking system broken. When NDA took office, the gross non-performing assets
ratio in public sector banks was 16%. When they left office, it was 7.8%. In
September, this ratio had climbed to 12.3% (including restructured loans), with
one crucial difference. The absolute sum at stake is too large now. Gross
advances by public sector banks was '2.85 trillion in March 1998. In March 2012,
it was '35.0 trillion. That the overall lending to the commercial sector (other
than the government) by both public and private banks amounted to '46.7 trillion
by March 2012 underscores the dominance of the nationalized banks in domestic
credit creation (around 75%). Why is India's government-dominated banking system
bankrupt? Why did bad debt rise rapidly in UPA years? An important reason is
that the government destroyed the credit culture in the country with its farm
loan waiver. In December 2007, the government announced a waiver of farm loans
and included it in the budget for 2008-09 presented in February 2008, one year
ahead of polls. A report in Mint published in February 2012
(http://bit.ly/1kiceko) says that on the aftermath of the loan waiver: "...
effects of the massive '76,000 crore farm debt waiver announced by the
government during the 2008 budget are now being felt in the countryside...At a
banking conclave hosted by Mint on Tuesday, State Bank of India chairman Pratip
Chaudhuri did not pull any punches when he said that the moral hazard created by
the 2008 loan write-off has become a reality now. 'Agriculture is a bit of an
issue. That is because of moral hazard that was created in 2008 when there was a
write off of large agriculture loans,' he said, and also suggested that the
credit culture in rural India was deteriorating." Raghuram Rajan, then chairman
of the committee on financial sector reforms, said in 2008 that, "after 15 years
of getting away from the problem, the government had vitiated it again". In a
first formal study of its kind (The Economic Effects of a Borrower Bailout:
Evidence from an Emerging Market, Xavier Gine and Martin Kanz, 21 October 2013),
researchers from the World Bank set out to examine the implications of the farm
loan waiver scheme. Their study traces credit allocation and loan delinquencies
in 491 districts and covers the period 2001 to 2012. Their findings are a severe
indictment of the credit culture that the UPA is leaving behind in the country.
After the waiver, the default rate of borrowers increased. The higher default
rates were not due to the changed behaviour on the part of banks. The banks did
not become aggressive lenders anticipating that government bailouts for
borrowers would wipe out non-performing loans from their books. Instead, the
reason that defaults increased was because borrowers began to anticipate similar
debt waiver programmes, especially around elections. More worryingly, the
programme "gave rise to severe ex-post moral hazard problems, concentrated among
borrowers that had previously been in good standing and who did not benefit from
the bailout". There was no evidence of improvement in farm productivity
following the loan waiver. As long as banks remain under dominant government
ownership, politicians desperate for re-election will be tempted to go down this
path, ignoring the long-term damage to the nation. As India looks set to end the
dominance of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty in politics, it is time to end the legacy
of government dominance of the banking sector bequeathed to the country by the
former prime minister Indira Gandhi. Otherwise, the broken credit transmission
mechanism in a country that is still very much dependent on bank credit will
hold down growth for a long time. To be sure, a financial sector dominated by
private sector banks will have its own share of problems, as the West is
realizing. But India's financial sector is in safe hands of RBI and its present
leadership.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

New rules that scrap tax relief on farm loans

BYLINE: IAIN McVICAR

SECTION: FARMING;FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 409 words


In the past, where an individual took out a loan to invest in their business,
they could receive unlimited tax relief for the interest paid on the loan.

Where they made a trading loss they could offset this against other income in
the same or preceding tax year to receive immediate tax relief.

But from April 6 the above relief, among others, are restricted to an amount
which is the greater of £50,000 or 25% of total income.

For example David's total income in 2013-14 is £100,000. He makes a loss on his
farm of £70,000 in 2013-2014 and claims the loss against his other income.
David's relief limit is £50,000, as this is the greater of £50,000k and 25% of
his total income. Relief is given in 2013-2014 for £50,000 and the balance
(£20,000) is carried forward to future years.

Where an individual has more than one relief to utilise they will need to
prioritise the reliefs to claim. For example, where loan interest is restricted
it cannot be carried forward to claim in a future year. What can be done? While
the new rules are aimed at high earners they will hit those in businesses with
modest earnings, leading to them being taxed on more than they actually receive
and resulting in cash-flow difficulties for many. So careful planning now is
important.

The first accounting period to be affected is the first period ending after
April 5 2013. Therefore there is a small window of opportunity to plan for the
new rules. Planning could include introducing a new partner to the business or
transferring the business to a company.

Where a business consists of multiple activities, such as on many diversified
farms, planning will need to be done to identify the scope of the trade and
whether these activities all form part of the same trade which will allow the
profits and losses from the individual activities to offset each other before
the limit is applied. Where there are multiple activities careful planning of
the business structure will be essential.

The proposed legislation is currently still draft and many responders to the
consultation process have highlighted the fact that restricting the ability to
offset genuine business losses and interest relief could suppress
entrepreneurship.

However, it looks likely that the new rules will become final in the next few
months. Therefore it is important that business owners consult their advisers
now to ensure they plan for the new rules.

Iain McVicar is an accountant with Albert Goodman in Taunton

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2013 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Beaudesert Times

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Print Edition

Farm debt and rural finance op...

SECTION: RURAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 332 words


Farm debt and rural finance options are consistent themes of discussion and
debate within agriculture.

Dealing with farm debt issues will again feature in this year's political cycle
in Queensland with the Farm Business Debt Mediation Bill set for debate.

The recently released Carnell inquiry into small business loans highlights some
ongoing issues with the adequacy of the law and practices governing financial
lending to small businesses.

Unsurprisingly for our sector, the inquiry found that there have been some very
poor practices employed by some members of the banking industry when dealing
with the impairment of customer loans.

Of the cases submitted, the inquiry found that the banks acted reasonably a
third of the time, while in another third of cases it concluded that bank
conduct was unacceptable and possibly unconscionable.

These findings are damming and they are concerning for agriculture because farm
businesses are capital intensive and they have limited options for alternative
sources of finance.

Perhaps also unsurprisingly, one of the 15 recommendations from the inquiry was
for a nationally consistent approach to farm debt mediation.

The federal government initiated the development of a nationally consistent
approach in September 2014; however, since then there has been little progress.

During this time the Queensland government has progressed its own legislation to
address the stalled national approach.

Ideally we should have a nationally consistent approach, as the banking sector,
and increasingly farm businesses, operated across state jurisdictional lines.

With Australian farm bank debt levels increasing from around $10 billion to $60
billion over the last 25 years, the relationship between the banks and
agriculture has never been more entrenched.

So we must get the regulatory framework right, but we should also explore the
alternative sources of capital and new farm business structures that will be
required to drive the sector into future.

Visit qff.org.au

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Cotton & Grains Outlook

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Farm debt and rural finance an ongoing issue

BYLINE: Stuart Armitage, QFF president

LENGTH: 335 words


Farm debt and rural finance options are consistent themes of discussion and
debate within agriculture.

Dealing with farm debt issues will again feature in this year's political cycle
in Queensland with the Farm Business Debt Mediation Bill set for debate.

The recently released Carnell inquiry into small business loans highlights some
ongoing issues with the adequacy of the law and practices governing financial
lending to small businesses.

Unsurprisingly for our sector, the inquiry found that there have been some very
poor practices employed by some members of the banking industry when dealing
with the impairment of customer loans.

Of the cases submitted, the inquiry found that the banks acted reasonably a
third of the time, while in another third of cases it concluded that bank
conduct was unacceptable and possibly unconscionable.

These findings are damming and they are concerning for agriculture because farm
businesses are capital intensive and they have limited options for alternative
sources of finance. Perhaps also unsurprisingly, one of the 15 recommendations
from the inquiry was for a nationally consistent approach to farm debt
mediation.

The Federal Government initiated the development of a nationally consistent
approach in September 2014; however, since then there has been little progress.

During this time the Queensland Government has progressed its own legislation to
address the stalled national approach. Ideally we should have a nationally
consistent approach, as the banking sector, and increasingly farm businesses,
operated across state jurisdictional lines.

With Australian farm bank debt levels increasing from around $10 billion to $60
billion over the past 25 years, the relationship between the banks and
agriculture has never been more entrenched.

So we must get the regulatory framework right, but we should also explore the
alternative sources of capital and new farm business structures that will be
required to drive the sector into future. - Stuart Armitage, QFF president

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Farm debt and rural finance an ongoing issue

BYLINE: Stuart Armitage, QFF president

LENGTH: 335 words


Farm debt and rural finance options are consistent themes of discussion and
debate within agriculture.

Dealing with farm debt issues will again feature in this year's political cycle
in Queensland with the Farm Business Debt Mediation Bill set for debate.

The recently released Carnell inquiry into small business loans highlights some
ongoing issues with the adequacy of the law and practices governing financial
lending to small businesses.

Unsurprisingly for our sector, the inquiry found that there have been some very
poor practices employed by some members of the banking industry when dealing
with the impairment of customer loans.

Of the cases submitted, the inquiry found that the banks acted reasonably a
third of the time, while in another third of cases it concluded that bank
conduct was unacceptable and possibly unconscionable.

These findings are damming and they are concerning for agriculture because farm
businesses are capital intensive and they have limited options for alternative
sources of finance. Perhaps also unsurprisingly, one of the 15 recommendations
from the inquiry was for a nationally consistent approach to farm debt
mediation.

The Federal Government initiated the development of a nationally consistent
approach in September 2014; however, since then there has been little progress.

During this time the Queensland Government has progressed its own legislation to
address the stalled national approach. Ideally we should have a nationally
consistent approach, as the banking sector, and increasingly farm businesses,
operated across state jurisdictional lines.

With Australian farm bank debt levels increasing from around $10 billion to $60
billion over the past 25 years, the relationship between the banks and
agriculture has never been more entrenched.

So we must get the regulatory framework right, but we should also explore the
alternative sources of capital and new farm business structures that will be
required to drive the sector into future. - Stuart Armitage, QFF president

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday

Sycamore Services to build housing in Brownsburg

BYLINE: Courtney Essett, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Aug. 03--BROWNSBURG -- Sycamore Services was recently approved for a loan that
will allow it to build a 72-unit housing edition for its clients in Brownsburg.

The Commons at Wynne Farms will be on the south side of Brownsburg, off of Dan
Jones Road. The units will provide clients and local residents with the
opportunity to live independently while still having access to support services
provided by Sycamore.

"We are very excited about The Commons at Wynne Farms," said Patrick Cockrum,
executive director at Sycamore Services.

The new edition will be developed in partnership with Indianapolis-based Herman
& Kittle Properties, Inc. Herman & Kittle will serve as general contractor and
property manager while Sycamore Services will retain ownership.

Associates with Herman and Kittle Properties say the Commons at Wynne Farms will
offer floor plans with apartments ranging from studios to four-bedroom homes.
The units will be designed to be energy and environmentally efficient to keep
utility costs low for residents. Professional management and maintenance staff
will be located on site, and residents will have access to an exercise room,
library, game room, and community room.

Sycamore Services was awarded $8 million in federal tax credits from the Indiana
Housing and Community Development Authority (IHCDA). IHCDA also provided a
$500,000 construction and permanent loan. US Bank provided construction and
permanent loans, while US Bank Community Development Corporation provided an
equity investment. Construction is expected to begin this month.

Sycamore Services helps citizens with disabilities and daily challenges by
providing them with individualized training and services to increase
independence and enhance the quality of their lives. Its variety of services and
programs include employment services, children's services, respite care, and
community and activity integration.

Part of its services includes residential budgeting and financial assistance,
which will be available to residents living at the Commons at Wynne Farms.

"This community will provide our clients with the independence they seek, while
still being close to essential services and support," Cockrum said.

courtney.essett@flyergroup.com

To see more of the Hendricks County Flyer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://flyergroup.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110803-FX-Sycamore-Services-to-build-housing-in-Brownsburg-0803-20110803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                     Copyright 2011 Hendricks County Flyer


                              704 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Cardinals' Owners Make Sure Team's History Remains in Details

BYLINE: By TYLER KEPNER

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; ON BASEBALL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 948 words


ST. LOUIS -- The apostrophe in the Baltimore Orioles' alternate logo faces the
wrong way. The Mets have no pattern for their choice of jerseys on any given
day. The Philadelphia Phillies forgot to make a press pin for their last World
Series appearance.

Such oversights might not bother most baseball executives. But most executives
are not named DeWitt. In this family, whose roots reach back nearly a century in
the game, details matter.

When the St. Louis Cardinals take the field for Game 3 of the World Series
against the Boston Red Sox, they will wear their cream-colored Saturday
alternate jerseys, with St. Louis across the chest. In Game 4, they will wear
their Sunday navy cap, with a red brim and the logo of a bird on a bat. On
Monday, in Game 5, they will wear their usual home combination: primary white
jersey, primary red cap.

The Cardinals never wear a colored, softball-style jersey, and they never
deviate from their schedule. The consistency of a classic look is part of who
they are.

''In some respects, what makes the Cardinals fun and interesting and cool is
that some of these other franchises don't do it,'' said Bill DeWitt III, the
team president, whose father owns the team. ''If every team stayed to the
pattern of home whites and road grays, there wouldn't be anything special to
preserving it. When other teams do that stuff, it doesn't necessarily bother me,
in the sense that we can play off of that.''

Bill DeWitt Jr., 72, bought the Cardinals for $150 million from Anheuser-Busch
in 1995. He had previously been a limited partner in the Texas Rangers, putting
together the investors in George W. Bush's ownership group, and had nearly
purchased the Orioles.

Owning the Orioles would have been fitting, since Bill DeWitt Sr., who died in
1982, had owned their ancestors, the St. Louis Browns. But the Cardinals also
had special appeal, because DeWitt Sr. had started in baseball selling soda at
Cardinals games in 1916.

He soon became a favorite of Branch Rickey, the Hall of Fame executive and
father of the modern farm system.

''He was very focused on scouting and player development,'' DeWitt Jr. said of
his father. ''He grew up under Branch Rickey, and when they were adding all
those teams, he would go out in the field and do a lot of that work for Rickey.
He thought a lot of him and would say so.''

By the 1940s, DeWitt Sr. was running the Browns, winning their only American
League pennant in 1944 and selling to the maverick Bill Veeck in 1951 but
remaining in the front office. That August, Veeck hatched a stunt to send the
3-foot-7 Eddie Gaedel to the plate in a game against the Detroit Tigers. Gaedel
wore the uniform of the team's 9-year-old bat boy: Bill DeWitt Jr.

''It was a doubleheader, and between games of the doubleheader he popped out of
a cake,'' DeWitt Jr. said, recalling that Gaedel pinch-hit for Frank Saucier, a
top prospect who was struggling. ''Bobby Cain pitched, and I think the first two
pitches were overhand. They were up there -- balls -- so I think he threw the
last two underhand. He couldn't throw strikes, walked him, and then they
pinch-ran for him. That was it. So I got my uniform back at the end of the
game.''

For 25 years or so, through DeWitt Sr.'s eventual ownership of the Cincinnati
Reds, the uniform -- with jersey number 1/8 -- hung in a closet, part heirloom,
part costume. DeWitt Jr.'s sister, Dede, once wore it for Halloween. When Veeck
was inducted to the Baseball Hall of Fame, in 1991, the family lent the jersey
to Cooperstown.

Jeff Idelson, the Hall of Fame president, said the museum usually accepts only
donations, not loans, unless no other artifact can be used to tell a story.
DeWitt's jersey -- like Willie Mays's glove from the 1954 World Series, on loan
from the son of Giants pitcher Don Liddle -- is the only known artifact of an
indelible moment in history.

''When you look at owners in the game today, there's probably no one with a
deeper historical sense of the game and its history than Bill,'' Idelson said.

DeWitt Jr.'s foundation in the game is reflected in the Cardinals' largely
homegrown roster. DeWitt Jr. adopted his father's interest in the farm system
and has emphasized its importance over the last decade. He communicates daily
with the Cardinals' general manager, John Mozeliak.

DeWitt III, 45, oversees the Cardinals' business operations and spearheads the
team's Ballpark Village project, a restaurant/retail space on the site of the
old Busch Stadium beyond left field. It will open next spring and include a St.
Louis baseball museum, a special passion for an avid collector.

DeWitt III owns a full set of World Series press pins, dating to 1911, and
designs the Cardinals' versions. He took special care in designing the team's
Saturday uniform, wanting to give it a retro feel that fits with a modern
portfolio, and not make it a Turn-Back-the-Clock-Day gimmick.

He also added a touch of authenticity this season that fans cannot even see.
Decades ago, DeWitt III noticed, uniforms included the player's last name, chain
stitched, on the bottom left tail of the jersey front. That part of the jersey
was tucked in, out of view on the playing field, but it was there, and DeWitt
III wanted to bring it back.

This was surprisingly problematic. Retailers are supposed to market authentic
jerseys to fans, down to the last detail, and adding a tiny, chain-stitched last
name would add to the cost of an already pricey item. DeWitt III grew tired of
the haggling.

''Eventually I said, 'We're just going to do it for the players,' '' DeWitt III
said, and so it was done.

When your name is DeWitt, you have the authority -- and the sensibility -- to
make stylish statements of history.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/26/sports/baseball/cardinals-history-remains-in-t
he-details.html

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: General Manager John Mozeliak, top left, with the team owner
Bill DeWitt Jr. It was DeWitt's bat-boy uniform that the St. Louis Browns' Eddie
Gaedel wore in 1951. In keeping with tradition, David Freese, left, and the
Cardinals will wear their Saturday alternate jerseys, with St. Louis across the
chest, for Game 3. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHRIS LEE/ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH, VIA
ASSOCIATED PRESS
ASSOCIATED PRESS
 CHARLIE NEIBERGALL/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              705 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                      August 18, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

FARMERS MAY BE ELIGIBLE FOR LOAN DEFICIENCY PAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 152 words


A special provision has made California farmers eligible for loan deficiency
payments on farms with 2000-year crop commodities even on farms not enrolled in
USDA Production Flexibility Contracts.

These producers can receive benefits even if beneficial interest has been lost,
according to Val Dolcini, state director of USDA's Farm Service Agency. The
eligible crops are: wheat, barley, oats, corn, grain sorghum, rice and upland
cotton.

Farmers who have lost beneficial interest on crops not enrolled in the
seven-year program may apply for an LDP until 30 days after the regulations are
published in the Federal Register.

After the 30-day period, farmers must maintain ownership of the commodity
through the date of request for the LDP.

To find out more about eligibility requirements, call or visit the nearest FSA
County Office at 554 Clayton Road in Concord or call 925-672-4949, Ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              July 18, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Support just keeps building

BYLINE: Pamela Cowan, Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 621  words


Corporate sponsorship is something Habitat for Humanity Regina can take to the
bank.

Donations from corporations are making a difference in the lives of Reginans on
low incomes.

At a recent sod turning for a home at 1037 Rae St., Habitat for Humanity Regina
announced Conexus Credit Union will provide $100,000 towards a low-income
family's new dwelling.

Dennis Coutts, CEO of Habitat for Humanity Regina, said his organization and
Conexus share common values.

"Key priorities for Conexus include youth development, community revitalization
and self-reliance - all principles that Habitat for Humanity subscribes to as we
build around the world and here in Regina."

Although Habitat had submitted a funding proposal to Conexus, Coutts did not
expect the financial institution would respond with a home sponsorship.

"The generosity of Conexus is just huge," he said.

Another of Habitat's key corporate partners is Mosaic, which has provided
$450,000 to the Regina organization over three years.

"We're just waiting for final approval on renewing it for the next three years,"
Coutts said.

"They're investing in areas where they play, work and live, so Moose Jaw,
Yorkton, Saskatoon and Regina ... They've contributed $12,000 a door for 37
houses in southern Saskatchewan."

Farm Credit Canada is another valued partner.

Beginning in 2007, Farm Credit's three-year sponsorship amounted to $50,000 a
year in cash.

The company renewed its financial commitment in 2010 for the next three years.
In addition, Farm Credit staff volunteer 500 hours a year on company time.

"For the last four years, Farm Credit staff have volunteered on Habitat build
sites weekly and will continue for the next couple of years," Coutts said. "That
is outstanding leadership as a volunteer policy and we encourage other companies
to do the same."

He said the multi-year corporate contributions and support from the provincial
government and the City of Regina allows Habitat to do long-term budgeting.

Now, more than ever, affordable housing is needed in Regina, Coutts said.

"Because of the affluence of the economy in this province, everything is
escalating," he said. "Basic rent is going up and there's an acute shortage of
housing."

For many, home ownership is a fleeting dream. The lack of affordable housing has
spiked an increase in applications to Habitat Regina.

"In 2007, we would do a family information session and you might get six or
seven families," Coutts said. "Now, when we do a family information session, we
get 50 families."

Currently, Habitat for Humanity builds between six and eight homes in Regina a
year.

Coutts believes home ownership breaks the cycle of poverty. He said as Habitat
families make mortgage payments, they build equity and that secures their
future.

"With more corporate support and government support, I'd like to see the day
when we're building 30 or 40 homes a year."

North Central Regina is the focus of most of Habitat for Humanity's recent
builds because the need is greatest there, Coutts said.

"The impact of that is that the neighbourhood starts to improve," Coutts said.
"The people next door start to put siding on their houses, they start to fix
their fences. There is a ripple effect. If you drive through North Central and
see how many houses are being built, it's very rewarding."

Owning a home has other rewards.

A number of years ago, a survey of Habitat families done by Canada Mortgage and
Housing analyzed the impact of home ownership on families.

"Twenty-six per cent of the families interviewed said the parents went back to
school so their own education improved and the kids showed a 58-per-cent
improvement in school grades in a stable environment," he said.

"That's what home ownership offers."

pcowan@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Troy Fleece, Leader-Post; At a recent Habitat For Humanity sod-turning,
Conexus Credit Union donated $100,000.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Kansas Banker's a Careful Lender But Bets on Future - Start-Up Farmers

                            March 20, 1997, Thursday

By JAMES B. ARNDORFER


Robert Gaskill built The Bank on the failures of others.

He got his start in bank ownership in 1961 by buying a failed institution in
Winona, Kan., from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. He went on to buy five
more wrecked Kansas farm banks from the government or individuals in the 1970s
through the early 1990s.

Mr. Gaskill had only a year of banking experience when he bought his first bank,
but he has built all those broken pieces into a successful farm lender based in
Oberlin and serving a 100-mile territory in northwest Kansas, a region heavy
with corn, milo, and cattle producers. Indeed, according to American Banker
research, The Bank is the best all-around ag lender in the country, based on a
variety of loan and bottom-line performance indicators.

"I'm optimistic that we can continue to finance agriculture better than any
production credit association (a Farm Credit affiliate) or local bank can," said
the 67-year-old chief executive officer, who has been involved in the livestock
industry for most of his life.

The Bank, which has $87.4 million of assets, certainly finances agriculture more
profitably than most farm banks, according to figures from Sheshunoff
Information Services.

Through the third quarter of 1996, 42% of The Bank's $56 million loan portfolio
was invested in agriculture, according to Sheshunoff. The Bank generated a 1.77%
return on assets through the first nine months of 1996 and a 20.5% return on
equity, putting it in the 88th and 92d percentiles of its peer group,
respectively.

From 1993 through 1995, its average return on assets was 1.72% and its average
return on equity 20.3%, according to Sheshunoff.

The Bank even earns plaudits from a competitor, Russell J. Mullikin, chief
executive of Farmers National, the other bank based in Oberlin, which has fewer
than 2,500 people.

"They're good folks," Mr. Mullikin said.

Every good community bank has a niche, and The Bank is no different. It has
found profit in financing young farmers in northwest Kansas.

The Bank considers these loans an investment in the future, Mr. Gaskill said. He
estimated that most farmers in the region are pushing 60.

"We have a real problem with young farmers staying on the farm," he said. "It's
a real problem facing us for the future of agriculture."

Mr. Gaskill is a stickler for underwriting. The bank requires three years -
preferably five - of tax and financial statements. It then uses an in-house
program designed in the early 1990s to analyze loan applicants' cash flows,
efficiency, and expenses.

Nevertheless, drought and low beef prices in recent years have taken a toll on
the northwest Kansas farm economy and, in turn, credit quality at The Bank.

In the third quarter of 1996, The Bank had a nonperforming-loan-to- total-loan
ratio of 2.48%, putting it in the 18th percentile of its peer group, according
to Sheshunoff. That's up from a 0.67% ratio at the end of 1995.

Mr. Gaskill said that ratio is being driven down, thanks to improving
conditions. In any event, these delinquencies are nothing compared to what
midwestern agriculture lenders saw during the farm crisis of the 1980s. Mr.
Gaskill hung on back then, but he said that credit analysis alone didn't save
him.

"It's always luck; it isn't anything but luck," he said. "It wasn't any
brilliance on my part or advance planning on my part or that I knew it was
coming."

SECTION: STARS OF COMMUNITY BANKING

LENGTH: 575 words

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: appeared 03/20/97 issue, Gaskill, photo

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                              708 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Worker, family evicted from farm

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 327 words


A PIKETBERG father and his family have been left homeless after he was evicted
from a farm they had been staying on for about 20 years.

Gert Muller says he has been left humiliated by the actions of his employer.

Muller said he, his wife and his children Don Juan, 15, Gerhardt Muller, 12, and
5-year-old Jeandre Muller had nowhere else to go after their belongings were
"thrown out in the street".

The 42 year old, who started as a general worker at the Broodkraal farm and
ended up as a general manager, claims he has been evicted because he challenged
the management's failure to implement the farmworkers' 32% ownership of the farm
they agreed on more than 10 years ago.

"I am lost for words to describe what I am going through right now.

"We have been staying on that farm for a very long time to be treated like
this." Muller said his wife would continue working on the farm.

According to Broodkraal operations manager Gerrit de Beer, Muller was dismissed
following a dispute and an internal disciplinary hearing about three years ago.
He said Muller lost his appeal with the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation
and Arbitration (CCMA).

De Beer said the eviction was carried out in accordance with the Promotion of
Administrative Justice Act (Paja) not ther Extension of Security of Tenure Act
(Esta).

Rural and Farmworkers Development Organisation chairperson Billy Claasen said
this week's eviction was carried out following an "unfair dismissal" by the
farmer, Jan le Roux.

"Due to the lack of funding Mr Muller could not afford legal representation to
take the labour dispute to court for litigation. Muller was one of the
braintrust who helped develop the farm from nothing to a model farm.

"I urgently want to request the relevant government departments to lodge an
investigation into Broodkraal farm. We've also lodged a complaint to the Office
of the Public Protector to investigate the loan that was given to Broodkraal and
on what basis the loan was given."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday

New rules that scrap tax relief on farm loans

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 409  words


In the past, where an individual took out a loan to invest in their business,
they could receive unlimited tax relief for the interest paid on the loan.

Where they made a trading loss they could offset this against other income in
the same or preceding tax year to receive immediate tax relief.

But from April 6 the above relief, among others, are restricted to an amount
which is the greater of £50,000 or 25% of total income.

For example David's total income in 2013-14 is £100,000. He makes a loss on his
farm of £70,000 in 2013-2014 and claims the loss against his other income.
David's relief limit is £50,000, as this is the greater of £50,000k and 25% of
his total income. Relief is given in 2013-2014 for £50,000 and the balance
(£20,000) is carried forward to future years.

Where an individual has more than one relief to utilise they will need to
prioritise the reliefs to claim. For example, where loan interest is restricted
it cannot be carried forward to claim in a future year.

What can be done?

While the new rules are aimed at high earners they will hit those in businesses
with modest earnings, leading to them being taxed on more than they actually
receive and resulting in cash-flow difficulties for many. So careful planning
now is important.

The first accounting period to be affected is the first period ending after
April 5 2013. Therefore there is a small window of opportunity to plan for the
new rules. Planning could include introducing a new partner to the business or
transferring the business to a company.

Where a business consists of multiple activities, such as on many diversified
farms, planning will need to be done to identify the scope of the trade and
whether these activities all form part of the same trade which will allow the
profits and losses from the individual activities to offset each other before
the limit is applied. Where there are multiple activities careful planning of
the business structure will be essential.

The proposed legislation is currently still draft and many responders to the
consultation process have highlighted the fact that restricting the ability to
offset genuine business losses and interest relief could suppress
entrepreneurship.

However, it looks likely that the new rules will become final in the next few
months. Therefore it is important that business owners consult their advisers
now to ensure they plan for the new rules.

Iain McVicar is an accountant with Albert Goodman in Taunton

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2013 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 15, 1983 Wednesday

U.S. PIK faces   cotton problem

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has a cotton-picking
 problem.

Under its payment-in-kind, or PIK, price-support program, the
 department has agreed to compensate any grain and cotton farmers who idle
 parts of their fields.

But in the case of cotton, the department will not have enough to meet
 its obligations.

The shortage is likely to be substantial. Department aides estimated
 that the cotton deficit will be about 700,000 bales, or almost 18 per cent
 of the four million bales the U.S. Government is obliged to pay cotton
 farmers who participate in the PIK program.

The cost to the Treasury of making up the difference will be about
 $200-million (U.S.), department officials said.

PIK was devised, in large measure, to reduce the massive surpluses of
 grain and cotton being held by the Government under its many farm subsidy
 programs. Most of the surplus, though, is only held by the Government. It
 is owned by the farmers themselves.

Under the farm subsidy system, the Government gets ownership of the
 commodity if the market remains below an agreed on price. The shortages,
 therefore, occur because the extra commodities are not owned by the
 Government, rather than because the surpluses are too small.

The Government has several options to make up the shortage. One method,
 which was raised during a speech in California last week by Agriculture
 deputy secretary Richard Lyng, is to buy cotton on the cash market.

But this week, when asked about his statement, Mr. Lyng said: "The
 likelihood of our doing that is very remote and I'm sorry I said it."
    A more likely method, Mr. Lyng and other department aides said, is
 "plant for PIK." Under this plan, farmers will be allowed to sell twice
 the crop they do harvest - once to the Government and again on the open
 market.

This would mean, in effect, that many cotton farmers would harvest
 their own PIK payments this fall. Selected PIK farmers would be required
 to take out a federal loan on the cotton they grow this year.

That loan would immediately be cancelled, leaving the farmer with both
 the commodity and the loan money. The amount of these loan cancellations
 is likely to reach about $200-million.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Farm debt and rural finance an ongoing issue

BYLINE: Stuart Armitage, QFF president

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 335 words


Farm debt and rural finance options are consistent themes of discussion and
debate within agriculture.

Dealing with farm debt issues will again feature in this year's political cycle
in Queensland with the Farm Business Debt Mediation Bill set for debate.

The recently released Carnell inquiry into small business loans highlights some
ongoing issues with the adequacy of the law and practices governing financial
lending to small businesses.

Unsurprisingly for our sector, the inquiry found that there have been some very
poor practices employed by some members of the banking industry when dealing
with the impairment of customer loans.

Of the cases submitted, the inquiry found that the banks acted reasonably a
third of the time, while in another third of cases it concluded that bank
conduct was unacceptable and possibly unconscionable.

These findings are damming and they are concerning for agriculture because farm
businesses are capital intensive and they have limited options for alternative
sources of finance. Perhaps also unsurprisingly, one of the 15 recommendations
from the inquiry was for a nationally consistent approach to farm debt
mediation.

The Federal Government initiated the development of a nationally consistent
approach in September 2014; however, since then there has been little progress.

During this time the Queensland Government has progressed its own legislation to
address the stalled national approach. Ideally we should have a nationally
consistent approach, as the banking sector, and increasingly farm businesses,
operated across state jurisdictional lines.

With Australian farm bank debt levels increasing from around $10 billion to $60
billion over the past 25 years, the relationship between the banks and
agriculture has never been more entrenched.

So we must get the regulatory framework right, but we should also explore the
alternative sources of capital and new farm business structures that will be
required to drive the sector into future. - Stuart Armitage, QFF president

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday

Fund buys up farm debts

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 216 words


The Nation

The Farmers' Reconstruction and Development Fund has accelerated purchases of
farmers' non-performing loans (NPLs), with initial debt amounting to Bt300
million as part of the government policy to maintain farmers' ownership of their
assets.

The fund is working closely with concerned agencies including the Bank for
Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives to suspend bankruptcy filings,
auctions and asset liquidations nationwide.

Vichit Chantachaeng, director and secretary of the fund, revealed that farmers
whose debts were subject to 7 per cent interest were the priorities for the
fund, as approved by the Cabinet.

So far, total debt purchased by the fund amounts to Bt300 million. The fund is
also taking on debt payments for 500-1,000 farmers per month.

The fund purchases farmers' debts to bring them under a debt-restructuring
process in a bid to ensure their ownership.

"Farmers will still enjoy benefits such as dividends and funeral expenses
committed to by the agricultural cooperatives after the fund repays their
debts," Vichit said.

A Legal Execution Department report said there were 260,000 NPL cases undergoing
the liquidation process. In addition, 800,000 cases are waiting for
consideration of bankruptcy procedures and the farm sector accounts for many of
the debtors.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                October 18, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Surprise ANC objections to land ownership study

BYLINE: Wyndham Hartley

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 677  words


Surprise ANC objections to land ownership study

'To put race back into the law will be in conflict with the constitution'

Parliamentary Editor

CAPE TOWN - Cabinet-backed plans to limit foreign ownership of land ran into
unexpected opposition in Parliament yesterday, when the African National
Congress (ANC) criticised aspects of a report drawn up by a team led by Prof
Shadrack Gutto.

Their concerns echoed criticisms by the Democratic Alliance (DA), with one ANC
MP warning against reintroducing race as a criterion for land ownership.

The report of Gutto's expert panel, appointed in 2004, was approved by the
cabinet in July and has since been published for public comment. It
controversially recommended that the race and gender of those purchasing land be
recorded on title deeds.

This led opposition MPs to say that nearly 15 years after the Group Areas Act
was scrapped the ANC was poised to introduce race declarations into the law.
Yesterday ANC MPs joined the DA in calling for race not be included in the Deeds
Act.

Land affairs official Sipho Sibanda, briefing Parliament's agriculture and land
affairs committee on the report yesterday, said that race and gender were
recommended for inclusion so that the government could use the information to
judge the success of land reform.

ANC MPs also criticised the length of time taken for the investigation. Hardline
ANC MP David Dlali was concerned that the Land Use Management Bill was the
chosen instrument of the department for achieving some of the recommendations.

"Come on, guys, the land use bill was started in 2001 and has only reached
cabinet this year. This is a critical issue but we do not know how you are going
to deal (with) it. It's a joke," he said.

DA MP Maans Nel said that including race in the disclosures required by the
Deeds Act amounted to the "re-racialisation" of land ownership.

"You cannot go back to the past. This piecemeal approach is exactly how
apartheid started," Nel said.

He warned that property was the cornerstone of a free economy and the
recommendations of the panel would result in disinvestment because banks would
not grant loans in an uncertain environment.

ANC MP Salamuddi Abram said while he was in favour of controls over foreign land
ownership "we must be extremely careful about returning into our law terms that
caused considerable conflict in the past. To put race back into the law will be
in conflict with the constitution.

We should be talking about nationality and not race," Abram

Continued on Page 2

said. "To put race back into the law will be in conflict with the constitution.
He said that the report and its recommendations were contradicted by the actions
of the government. This was demonstrated by the fact that Cape Town's prime
Waterfront was sold by the government to an Arab-English consortium and not
retained for all South Africans.

"But please, in God's name, let the terms black and Indian never again appear in
SA law," Abram concluded.

DA MP Andries Botha wanted to know if with the introduction of race as part of
the deeds disclosure there would also be a new race classification law.

"What are you going to do, go back to the pencil in the hair test? It's
ludicrous," he said.

Sibanda, replying to the criticisms, said he appreciated the wisdom of the MPs
but stuck to his guns on race being included because "we must look at the
purpose for which it is included and that is to measure the success of land
reform".

Botha criticised the claims by the investigation that once the corporate
ownership of farms in SA was unravelled it would show even higher levels of
foreign ownership than now appeared. He said most commercial farms were
registered as companies or trusts, and when this was taken into account the
probability was the foreign ownership of agricultural land would be reduced
rather than increased.

His colleague, Kraai van Niekerk, said there were many points made in the report
such as black people being persuaded to front for white buyers, and the
indiscriminate sale of municipal land in return for favours that the DA agreed
with.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday

Farm ownership goal nearer with larger payout

BYLINE: DIANE BISHOP

SECTION: FEATURES; FARMING; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 851 words


Stacey and Olivia Frost are only in their second year sharemilking but already
they have claimed the ultimate prize -- the 2008 Southland Sharemilker of the
Year title. SOUTHLAND -- the land of milk and money.

It certainly seems that way after Fonterra lifted its forecast payout for the
2007-08 season from $6.90 to $7.30 a kilogram of milksolids.

And it could help young sharemilking couples like Stacey and Olivia Frost
achieve their goal of farm ownership sooner than expected.

"Its awesome for us.

"We're going to try and do something proactive with the money," Olivia said.

The couple, who entered the dairy industry just four years ago, have already
claimed the ultimate prize -- the 2008 Southland Sharemilker of the Year title.

Stacey, 31, admits it was on their list of "must-do's" , but didn't expect it to
happen so soon.

"Realistically, we were looking at it five years from now," he said.

The Frosts are 50 percent sharemilking 400 crossbred cows on a 130ha coastal
farm owned by Winy van Rossum at Oteramika, south-east of Invercargill.

The couple have had a challenging first season on the property with a wet and
cold spring and a dry summer.

However, they expect to reach their target of 160,000kg of milksolids or
400kg/MS/cow this season because grass growth has picked up.

Originally from New Plymouth, Stacey gave up a regular-paying nine-to-five job
in the petrochemical industry to move to Southland with Olivia, a retail
assistant, in 2004.

"We've always been keen on Southland.

"And I could see there was no scope to increase my income or become my own
boss," Stacey said.

The Frosts initially worked for wages on a 600-cow dairy farm at Hedgehope
before they took up a position as lower-order sharemilkers (21 percent) for
Stacey's parents at Brydone.

Stacey's parents had shifted to Southland from South Taranaki the same year, and
bought a farm big enough to employ their son and daughter-in-law.

"We were pretty fresh.

"We'd never worked on a farm fulltime, except for the odd milking and rearing
calves, so we had a lot to learn," Olivia, 29, said.

The couple sold their apartment in New Plymouth and used the funds to buy 105
cows, which they leased back to Stacey's parents in return for 25 heifer calves.

The crossbred herd is made up largely of late calvers, which the Frosts bought
for an average of $960.

"They're moderate framed cows.

"I'm not a fan of the big friesian or the smaller jerseys," Stacey said.

The Frosts moved into 50 percent sharemilking position with Stacey's parents
last season and bought more cows, with Olivia's parents, who farm at Edendale,
acting as guarantors for a loan.

Both sets of parents have provided Stacey and Olivia, now the parents of Ryan,
2, and Liam, 5 months, with a great start to their farming careers.

"We're great believers in taking the opportunities given to us," Stacey said.

The Frosts entered the Southland Sharemilker of the Year competition last year
and, while they were not placed, they learned valuable lessons.

"Our business improved out of sight.

"After last year we went to all the field days and seminars we could," Stacey
said.

The couple will see out another two seasons on the Oteramika property, they
describe as a "top farm" .

About a quarter of the farm is in new grass and, with all the pastures
relatively young, they are well set up for the next season.

Following six weeks of artificial breeding, the cows are mated to jersey bulls,
for ease of calving, at a ratio of one bull to about 50 cows.

"We like to give the cows every chance to get in calf," Stacey said.

With cows now costing up to $2500 each, the Frosts said it made economic sense
to calve a late cow than to send an empty one to the meat works for about $300.

The Frosts use inductions as a tool to control calving spread, but keep this to
a minimum.

The herd, milked through a basic 42-a-side herringbone shed, will be increased
to 420 cows next year with a target of 172,000kg of milksolids.

"We set our targets high and even if we don't achieve them we will have a good
time trying." The Frosts, who want to stay in Southland, hope to move into a 600
to 800-cow sharemilking position within three years and are rearing extra heifer
calves to help with the transition to a larger herd.

Their ultimate goal is farm ownership and financial freedom.

"Ideally, we'd like to convert our own 400 to 500-cow farm and work it ourselves
or be in the position to employ a sharemilker." The couple have no regrets about
leaving the city behind for greener pastures, except when it's raining.

"When it starts pissing down with rain at 5am I want to stay in bed, but that
only lasts five minutes, then I get going," Stacey said. THE FROSTS Stacey and
Olivia Currently 50 percent sharemilking 400 cows at Oteramika for Winy van
Rossum.

Target 160,000kg/MS Increasing to 420 cows next season with a target of
172,000kgMS Goal to move into 600 to 800-cow sharemilking position within next
three years Ultimate goal of farm ownership and financial freedom

--------------------

CAPTION:

The family: Southland Sharemilkers of the Year Stacey and Olivia Frost with
children Ryan, 2, and Liam, 5 months.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

Chrysler set to repay its government loans;
After retiring its debt, automaker can tighten its connection with Fiat

BYLINE: BY BILL VLASIC

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: DETROIT

ABSTRACT

The loans have been a psychological and financial drag on Chrysler's efforts to
revamp its operations and gain market share since emerging from its
government-sponsored bankruptcy in 2009.

FULL TEXT

Of the three Detroit automakers, Chrysler was in the worst condition when the
recession hit. And even with a taxpayer bailout, it has been slower to recover
than its rivals.

But Thursday, the company announced a milestone in its comeback effort,
declaring that it would repay its $7.5 billion in high-interest loans - $5.8
billion to the U.S. government and $1.7 billion to Canada - as soon as next
month by selling new bonds to investors.

Once it pays back the loans, Chrysler can strengthen its ties with Fiat, its
Italian partner, and begin adding more fuel-efficient cars to its truck-heavy
lineup.

Proceeds from term loans and debt sold to institutional investors will be used
to repay the governments, Chrysler said, Reuters reported from Detroit.

The company aims to repay the governments and pay related fees and expenses in
the second quarter.

Fiat will also exercise an option to buy 16 percent of Chrysler for $1.27
billion during the quarter. Chrysler said it would use that cash to repay the
loans.

The debt offering, term loans and the cash infusion from Fiat are all expected
to occur concurrently, the company said.

The debt securities will be sold in a private offering exempt from registration
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, Chrysler said in a statement.

The loans have been a psychological and financial drag on Chrysler's efforts to
revamp its operations and gain market share since emerging from its
government-sponsored bankruptcy in 2009.

''They started in a very deep hole after the bankruptcy,'' said Dennis Virag,
president of the Automotive Consulting Group in Ann Arbor, Michigan. ''Now they
are making progress, both in the product area and the financial area.''

Sergio Marchionne, the chief executive of both Chrysler and Fiat, has said that
interest payments on its government loans were the only obstacle keeping
Chrysler from being profitable in 2010, when the company had a loss of $652
million.

Paying off the loans would also free Fiat to raise its ownership stake in
Chrysler. Fiat owns 30 percent of Chrysler, a stake it received in stages as
part of the rescue of the smallest of Detroit's Big Three. In exchange for the
ownership interest, Fiat agreed to provide engines and technology to make
Chrysler's lineup more diverse and fuel-efficient.

Once the government loans are retired, Fiat plans to pay $1.3 billion for newly
issued Chrysler shares, raising its ownership stake to 46 percent.

That deal will most likely accelerate the integration of Fiat and Chrysler and
speed the arrival of new Fiat-based models for Chrysler to sell in the U.S.
market.

The refinancing is also expected to save money over all for Chrysler, which is
paying high interest rates on the money it owes to the U.S. and Canadian
governments.

''It's great they are tuning up their balance sheet by reducing debt,'' said
Rebecca Lindland, an analyst with the research firm IHS Global Insight. ''That
will help them direct more money toward product development.''

Under Mr. Marchionne's leadership, Chrysler has improved its core products since
emerging from bankruptcy. In the past year, Chrysler has introduced new,
well-received versions of its Jeep Grand Cherokee sport utility vehicle and the
Chrysler 300 flagship sedan.

Mr. Marchionne was to welcome the Treasury secretary, Timothy F. Geithner, for a
tour of the Jeep plant on Thursday.

The company has also benefited from positive reaction to its ''Imported from
Detroit'' ad campaign that promotes its corporate resilience and improved
product quality.

So far this year, Chrysler's sales are up 22 percent - slightly higher than the
20 percent increase in sales for the overall industry. The rise, however, is
almost entirely attributable to improved sales of its Jeep models and Dodge
trucks. The company's domestic market share has remained flat at 9 percent.

But the Fiat influence will be felt soon. Chrysler has just started to sell the
Fiat 500 minicar in its U.S. dealerships, and more new passenger car models are
in the pipeline.

Paying back the government loans will leave the government's ownership stake in
Chrysler at 8 percent.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

Retrospective tax changes unfair

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 563 words


F reddy's stuck for life in the Herd Scheme - and so is his son - following the
Government's changes to taxation of livestock.

The change removes a farmer's ability to move between the National Average
Market Value (Herd) Scheme and National Standard Cost (NSC).

No surprises really. Everyone was expecting change after ongoing rumblings from
IRD and then consultation following the officials' paper release in August last
year - the focus being on closing the tax loophole created by the transitioning
rules.

Until the changes, announced last week, Freddy was free to change from the Herd
Scheme to NSC by making an election two income years in advance. If he timed his
exit from the Herd Scheme at a time of high livestock values, in effect he could
get a tax free write-up in livestock values and a tax deductible write-down in
livestock values. IRD has been concerned this is becoming a popular practice in
the livestock industry with its volatile prices. So, with the current high
prices for all livestock, the Government has decided to act now and remove a
farmer's ability to exit the Herd Scheme.

The surprise for everyone is that it's retrospective - effective as of August
18, 2011 - making any elections filed to exit the herd scheme after that date
ineffective.

"OK, so the game's up," Freddy explains to Jack. "Yes, we knew that was going to
happen. But backdating the changes isn't fair for those of us who chose to enter
the scheme based on the rules which said we could opt out later. And now we
can't.

"What's more Jack, every other business in New Zealand can value their stock at
cost or market value, and we can't. How fair is that?"

Freddy has further gripes around the new clause requiring "associated persons"
to adopt the vendor's herd scheme election - unless there has been a complete
change of ownership.

"This means, Jack, that my son, who's gradually buying into the farm, is also
stuck for life in the Herd Scheme. Now for a struggling young farmer, that's not
fair. He'd normally be able to use the NSC which, with the lower values, means a
lower tax bill."

While the detail of the new rules is yet to be finalised, it appears that the
likes of Freddy's son will only be able to use NSC for base stock if they buy
the livestock off an unrelated party or buy 100 per cent of the farm, or change
their farming method from a breeding to a fattening regime - i.e. the new tax
rules encourage the next generation to buy their livestock off someone not
related to them.

"Now what young farmer can afford to buy 100 per cent of a farm and all its
livestock up front in this economic environment? It's not fair."

Under the new rules, if the next generation does not want to be forced into the
previous generation's livestock scheme, the only interest the parents can have
in the farm will be via loans, not via a trust, shares in a company or
partnership or any other economic ownership. This could have significant
implications for succession planning. Farmers are advised to seek expert tax
advice if they think this could affect them.

z Mark Irving is a principal, specialising in rural services, with BDO Taranaki,
an independent member firm of BDO New Zealand's network of independent chartered
accounting and advisory firms. He writes a fortnightly column on financial
issues affecting farmers. For more information, contact Mark on 06 759 9034 or
see bdo.co.nz

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 8, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Deere Is Approved to Own Savings Bank

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section C; Page 14; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 7


The tractor maker Deere & Company has obtained permission to operate a federally
insured savings bank that will take over the company's credit card business.

The Office of Thrift Supervision announced on Thursday that it had approved
Deere's application to open the bank, to be named FPC Financial and be based in
Madison, Wis.

Deere, based in Moline, Ill., is one of the world's largest manufacturers of
agricultural machinery, including John Deere tractors. It also makes equipment
for construction, forestry and public works and a variety of commercial and home
and garden equipment. Deere's credit card business includes separate programs
for farm equipment, construction equipment, and consumer home and garden
products.

The new bank will be owned by a subsidiary, the John Deere Capital Corporation.
In addition to the credit card business, it will make loans nationwide for
manufactured housing.

The federal approval makes Deere the latest in a string of companies in the
financial services business to get new federal savings and loan charters in
recent months.

Earlier this year the agency, which is part of the Treasury Department, approved
similar charters for the American Express Company; the General Motors
Corporation's consumer finance division; the New York Life Insurance Company;
the Hartford Group; the National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies, a
group representing insurance companies owned by policyholders; and AXA Financial
Inc.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              718 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals:
Direct Loan Making

LENGTH: 930 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA)


  Action

  Notice; request for comments.

  Summary

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995, the Farm Service
Agency (FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and
organizations on a revision and an extension of a currently approved information
collection that supports 7 CFR part 764. The Direct Loan Making regulations
specify the application process and requirements for direct loan assistance. FSA
is adding additional information collection to the existing collection to
reflect the addition of the Direct Farm Ownership Microloan (DFOML). The
collected information is used in eligibility and feasibility determinations on
farm loan applications.



 Dates
 We will consider comments that we receive by December 7, 2015.

  Addresses

  We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comments, include
date, volume, and page number of this issue of theFederal Register. You may
submit comments by any of the following methods:


   Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.

   Mail: Russ Clanton, Branch Chief, Direct Loan Making and Funds Management,
USDA/FSA/FLP, STOP 0523, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0503.


  You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington,
DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be requested by contacting
Russ Clanton at the above address.

  For Further Information Contact

  Russ Clanton, (202) 690-0214.

  Supplementary Information

  Title: Farm Loan Programs, Direct Loan Making.

  OMB Number: 0560-0237.

  Expiration Date: 02/29/2016.

  Type of Request: Revision and Extension.

  Abstract: FSA's Farm Loan Programs provide loans to family farmers to purchase
real estate and equipment, and to finance agricultural production. Direct Loan
Making regulations at 7 CFR part 764 provide the requirements and process for
determining an applicant's eligibility for a direct loan.

  Several changes are being made in the estimates for the burden hours and the
number of respondents in anticipation of the new DFOML, which will be
implemented through rulemaking. FSA anticipates an increase in the use of the
forms. Also, the burden hours have changed due to the removal of the existing
collection, which was previously included in error. The specific changes are
explained below.

  There will be no new or revised forms for DFOMLs. With the planned addition of
the DFOML and the new applicants expected to apply for these real estate
microloans, FSA anticipates the total burden hours for Direct Loan Making
increasing by 1,725 hours. The anticipated 3,530 burden hours for DFOML takes
into account the number of regular FO applications normally received for loan
requests of $50,000 or less, which have a reduced application process and
paperwork burden. The hours for the Land Contract GuaranteeProgram and Emergency
Equine Loss Loan Program, previously merged into the Direct Loan Making total
burden hours, have been removed from the collection as they are already
accounted for in other existing information collections. Also, the Farm Storage
Facility Loan Program is exempted from PRA as specified in 2014 Farm Bill;
therefore, those numbers are no longer included in the collection.

  The annual number of responses decreased by 12,751, while the number of
respondents increases by 172 in the collection. The annual burden hours increase
by 1,725 hours in the collection.

  The formula used to calculate the total burden hour is estimated average time
per response in hours times total annual responses.

  Estimate of Respondent Burden: Public reporting burden for the information
collection is estimated to average 0.503851 hours per response. The average
travel time, which is included in the total burden, is estimated to be 1 hour.

  Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other for profit farms.

  Estimated Annual Number of Respondents: 182,433.

  Estimated Number of Reponses per Respondent: 3.8.

  Estimated Total Annual Responses: 685,686.

  Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.503851 hours.

  Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 345,484 hours.

  We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information collection to
help us to:

  (1) Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of FSA, including whether the information will have
practical utility;

  (2) Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the validity
of the methodology and assumptions used;

  (3) Enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be
collected;

  (4) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.

  All comments received in response to this notice, including names and
addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record. Comments will be
summarized and included in the submission for Office of Management and Budget
approval.


   Val Dolcini,

   Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25425 Filed 10-6-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            February 27, 2011 Sunday

Agri budget leaves CM complacent, farmers irritant

BYLINE: Team DNA

LENGTH: 271  words


Chief minister BS Yeddyurappa stands accused of being complacent with his
presentation of the agriculture budget, for he seems to be the only person happy
about it. The farmers, for whom the budget was conceptualised, are not so
content about its offerings.

In a meet organised to analyse the state budget on agriculture held in the
legislature house by the Karnataka Pranta Raitha Sangha (KPRS) on Saturday, many
farmers condemned the budget. They said that it is a boon to the land mafia and
a bane to the agricultural labourers.

The Communist Party of India (Marxist) state secretary GN Nagaraj, who delivered
the inaugural address, said that the so-called agricultural budget presented by
Yeddyurappa would snatch the ownership of middle-class farmers and would hand
the ownership to private companies. "The budget also did not shed light on the
facilities that the agricultural labourers can avail," he pointed out.

Farmers opined that the proposed amendment to the Land Reforms Act would
encourage land mafia across the state as there would be relaxation of buying and
selling of agricultural lands. "The chief minister spoke about offering loans to
farmers with 1 per cent interest. However, he neglected lakhs of farmers who are
burdened with loans from private banks," said Raghu K, a farmer from
Devanahalli.

KPRS general secretary JC Bayya Reddy said that the agricultural budget is more
of a media hype and it is nothing but a 'cut and paste' exercise.

Reddy further stated that there are hidden interests of the Sangh Parivar, as
the budget allocated special funds and lands to organic farming, 'goshalas', and
bio-fuel.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 12, 1999, Sunday

CITY HAILS HOME OWNERSHIP  CITES GROWTH AT ATLANTIC CENTER AND SARATOGA SQUARE

BYLINE: By BILL FARRELL

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 894 words


A GROUNDBREAKING Friday for 96 new housing units at Atlantic Center in downtown
Brooklyn will be the centerpiece of the city's celebration of home ownership
month.

"It may sound like a cliche, but we are committed to giving people a piece of
the American Dream," said Richard Roberts, commissioner of the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development. "By doing that, we are also revitalizing
entire communities."

"When people begin putting in roots, paying a mortgage, they are making a
commitment, and it is out of that commitment that communities grow," he said.

Roberts said home ownership has been a major policy initiative of the Giuliani
administration.

"Ultimately it is a community development strategy," he said. "By designating a
home ownership month, it creates an interest."

Roberts said the programs, parties, seminars and courses on home ownership and
repairs, as well as formal events like the groundbreaking at the Atlantic
Center, create interest and allow the department and its partners to show what
they do.

"Any program is only as good as the interest it generates," he said. "When there
is interest, it makes us work harder and it also helps make the dream a
reality."

Roberts boasted that since Mayor Giuliani was elected, the department has helped
nearly 10,000 families purchase homes, co-ops and condos.

"We are very proud here at HPD," he said. "We have not only created new housing;
we have built communities."

Working in partnerships with organizations, agencies and banks including the NYC
Housing Partnership, HUD, Fannie Mae, the NY Mortgage Coalition, Citibank, Chase
and the Dime Savings Bank the department has helped transform or create entire
neighborhoods.

Nowhere have they been more successful than in Brooklyn.

In Bedford-Stuyvesant, for example, more than 700 new twoand three-family homes
for middle-income families have gone up at Saratoga Square since 1990.

In addition, some 2,800 more housing units in 300 buildings have been
rehabilitated, and hundreds of additional new and rehabilitated units will
available in the future.

Under the Alliance for Neighborhood Commerce, Homeownership and Revitalization
program, some 65,000 square feet of commercial space has been made available for
development.

Businesses in the first 19,000 square feet of that space, including a Rite Aid
pharmacy, a State Farm insurance office, a laundry and restaurant, opened for
business in June at Saratoga Square.

That same mix of housing and commercial development will continue at the
Atlantic Center with the groundbreaking for new housing on Friday.

A total of 96 new units of housing, in 32 three-family homes, will be built
between South Portland Ave. and the existing 162 units of Phase II along
Atlantic Ave. Scheduled for completion in June 2001, the $ 14-million Phase III
development is a joint venture of the department and the NYC Housing
Partnership.

Roberts made no effort to hide his pride in the project, which he boasted
transformed an entire neighborhood.

"We are very proud at HPD at what happened at Atlantic Center," said Roberts.
"We were able to create a development with commercial growth and new housing and
space to further supplement the future growth of the neighborhood. That is a
great deal to accomplish and I think we've done it."

Trying to balance the mix of commercial and residential development has not been
without its problems. Construction for Phase III was delayed for more than a
year because of the desire for additional commercial expansion at the site.

Brooklyn Borough President Howard Golden and others insisted that there be no
loss of housing, and after several rounds of discussion, the site is ready to be
developed with every new unit of housing intact.

Roberts said those issues are no different than any other site development over
the last 20 years.

"The difference between this particular plan and others, many that never went
anywhere is these issues were resolved and the project moved forward," he said.

"What we are most proud of is the people that are living there now have created
a very active community organization and the borough president and the other
local officials have shown a great concern for the issues concerning its
development."

With programs like home ownership month, Roberts hopes to open the same
opportunity to thousands of others who want to own a home.

"By offering these programs, we demonstrate just what it is we can do," he said.

Maintenance class offered

These are the main Brooklyn home ownership month events:

Starting tomorrow evening, Neighborhood Housing Services in Bedford-Stuyvesant,
East Flatbush and Castleton will launch 10 classes on home maintenance. Call
(718) 469-4679 for information.

Saturday, 2:30 p.m.: "Finding Your New Home," Richmondtown Public Library, 200
Clark Ave.

Saturday, 10 a.m to 5 p.m.: Home Buying Fair sponsored by Fannie Mae and New
York Knicks at Madison Square Garden.

Sept. 25, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.: Homebuyers' orientation, Neighborhood Housing
Services, 380 Flatbush Ave.

The Home Depot at 500 Hamilton Ave., has begun a series of classes on how to
build a deck, each Sunday morning starting at 11 a.m. The courses began last
week with planning,and today's session is "Building Your Deck." Call (718)
832-8553 for information.


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUSYE GREENWOOD SPACE TO BUILD Lots at Cumberland St. and Carlton Ave.
are among those hailed by Housing Preservation and Development Commissioner
Richard Roberts (inset) as the city celebrates home ownership month.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              721 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                August 24, 2012

BYLINE: Gemma Mackenzie

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 536 words


Farm Energy

Farm Energy is a weekly section, keeping you up to date with the latest
renewable energy news, plus regular case studies of farmers and landowners using
renewable energy technology to benefit their business.

Got an interesting renewable energy story? We want to hear how you are getting
involved, so contact us on the number opposite

LOOK OUT FOR

Making the most of manure p42

Latest market prices and trends p122

Edited by Gemma Mackenzie  l  020 8652 4920  l  gemma.mackenzie@rbi.co.uk

Solar loans offer possible alternative to roof leases

Tim Scrivener

Engensa's SolarLoan scheme could entice more farmers to install solar PV
technology.

Solarloan

     ·    Loans available from £50,000 to £1m
     ·    Minimum 10% deposit needed
     ·    Typical APR starts from 6.4%, and loan terms vary from three to 10
          years
     ·    The loan offers full ownership of the PV system for the landowner
     ·    Feed-in Tariff payments and energy savings go direct to the farmer


Rex

Renewables advisers are warning farmers they need to think about grid capacity
before they begin their renewable energy projects.

Stop gridlock from halting your energy projects

Top tips for getting on the grid

     ·    Select sites close to regional substations, rather than just relying
          on the presence of power lines
     ·    Contact the local planning authority to see what type and size
          projects have been applied for in the past 12 months
     ·    Seek assurance from your renewable developer they will establish the
          likelihood of grid connection from the outset. This can take 10 weeks
     ·    Be prepared to scale back the size of schemes, and potential income,
          to match the grid capacity
     ·    Use your local knowledge to work with developers to find alternative
          routes for cabling, such as using farm tracks and roads, or through
          neighbouring property
     ·    Use developers who have experience of working with the District
          Network Operator
     ·    Use an experienced agent


Woodhorn Group combines solar farm with conservation scheme

By Gemma Mackenzie

Farmers are being urged to secure grid access before proceeding with renewable
energy projects.

Renewables adviser Gareth Lay, from property consultant Bruton Knowles, said
many renewable projects had already been stopped in their tracks due to a lack
of capacity in the grid.

This problem is particularly evident in the South West, where competition for
connecting medium- and large-scale projects is more evident due to a large
capacity of the grid already being taken up by wind, solar PV and hydro schemes,
he said.

"It is becoming more and more common that we are finding perfect sites for solar
farms occupying 25 acres or more, which tick all of the boxes in terms of
planning and site suitability, but are being rejected late in the day due to the
number of other schemes booking the capacity in the grid," added Mr Lay.

He advised farmers to book their capacity at an early stage, rather than
assuming that because good network coverage already exists, the scheme will go
ahead.

"The network was never designed for multiple small- and medium-scale inputs
throughout the system. Instead, the lines and substations are designed for
large, single-input power supplies from power stations."

gemma.mackenzie@rbi.co.uk

FarmersWeekly ? 24 August 2012

24 august 2012 ? FarmersWeekly

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2012 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                             August 13, 1989 Sunday

Builder offers incentives to buy homes now

LENGTH: 482 words


An Adelaide builder is offering a range of incentives to encourage

prospective home buyers to build now rather than wait.

"There is often a tendency to put off the decision to build

a new home when so called 'tough times' occur," said Mr Barry

Austin of Hickinbotham Homes.

"The fact is however, that people who build now will reap

the benefit of the best deals they will ever be offered."

Mr Austin said that in Hickinbotham's 35 years' experience,

the company had "seen it all" and was able to help people

turn tough times to their advantage.

"Let's face it, the average mortgage is taken out for 25 or

30 years - so the interest rates in any one year should not

deter anyone from the financial security of home ownership,"

Mr Austin said.

"And with the incentives we are offering on our package deals,

anyone who can build now should do so, because the savings they

will gain will more than offset any temporary high interest

rates."

Mr Austin said that through its 3 per cent subsidy on State

Bank home loans, Hickinbotham's was offering rates from as low

as 13 per cent. The subsidy applied to Hickinbotham house and

land packages at Woodend and Andrews Farm, on loans up to $60,000,

subject to normal State Bank lending requirements.

Mr Austin said that the 3 per cent subsidy which applied for

the first year of the loan from occupancy of the home, would

save clients up to $141 a month.

Another incentive being offered is an extended contract period- enabling clients
to buy at today's price but allowing them

up to six months before starting building.

This is an outstanding benefit for people who are building

their second or third home, as it gives them up to six months

to finalise the sale of their existing home.

Hickinbotham's Save-As-You-Build plan is another initiative where the

company builds your home while you save the balance

of your deposit. This means that saving through buying at today's

price. A further benefit is saving about eight months in wasted

rent money by moving into the home sooner.

Mr Austin said that through co-operation with supplier companies,

Hickinbotham's had been able to release a limited number of

special winter packages at Woodend and Andrews Farm.

These included carpets, gas space heating, wall and ceiling

insulation, front lawn landscaping and at Andrews Farm, colorbond

fencing as well.

Fixed price contracts are another important benefit offered

by Hickinbotham's, with site works and footing costs quoted

in advance, enabling clients to budget with confidence.

Mr Austin said that Hickinbotham housing consultants were thoroughly

trained in all aspects of home finance and were available to

offer buyers expert advice and even make their loan applications.

With these incentives, Mr Austin said: "We're confident that now is the

best time to build."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: hickinbotham home's display centre at andrews farm; Hickinbotham
Home's display centre at Andrews Farm

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              723 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                               May 4, 2012 Friday

Go-slow on kisan cards

BYLINE: PRANESH SARKAR

LENGTH: 562  words


Calcutta, May 4: Banks have allegedly slowed down issuing Kisan Credit Cards
(KCCs) after the Mamata Banerjee government eased a norm.

Data available with the agriculture department suggest that of the 4 lakh
applications the agriculture department endorsed since the change of guard at
Writers' last May, only around 90,000 had been approved by banks till March 31.

With banks slowing down the process of issuing cards, the state government's
target of bringing 18 lakh farmers under the scheme by the end of the 2012-13
financial year seems difficult to achieve.

"The banks are not processing the applications. They have told us informally
that they are wary of recovery because of the new norm," a senior government
official said.

According to him, although the banks are renewing cards issued earlier, the rate
of giving out new ones has come down since the new rule came into effect.

The trigger behind the fear among the bankers is a change the government
introduced to fast-track the issuing of cards that allows a cardholder to avail
himself of loans with an annual interest of 4 per cent.

According to the new guideline, drawn up last August, a loan of up to Rs 50,000
will not require any collateral or original documents to prove that the farmer
possesses land.

Although the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD)
cleared the proposal and the State-level Bankers' Committee (SLBC), which has
bank representatives and finance department officials, gave the green signal,
the banks have pressed the pause button.

The Left Front government had launched the KCC scheme in 1980 with the objective
of helping farmers access farm loans at lower interest rates from scheduled
commercial and co-operative banks. At present, all public sector banks, such as
the SBI, UBI, UCO and state co-operative banks issue cards after the agriculture
department endorses them.

According to a senior state co-operative bank official, the fear of bad debt is
the main reason behind the reluctance in issuing cards.

"We are ready to issue cards to farmers who own land. But the majority of
applications forwarded by the agriculture department shows that the applicants
don't own any land. Many of the applicants told us that they inherited land but
failed to prove ownership," he said.

The banker said it was "tough" to issue cards "unless the applicant provides us
with some document".

"We had asked some farmers to bring certificates from other banks operating in
the area declaring that they had not taken any loan from those institutions, but
they did not return."

As the government doesn't underwrite loans issued under the card scheme, the
banks are not sure about recovery from people who cannot produce documents to
prove ownership of land.

Another reason behind the slow pace of issuing cards is a recent announcement by
the chief minister that the government would not allow banks to auction plots of
farmers to recover unpaid loans.

"Such an announcement is a disincentive even for those who are willing to repay
loans. How can you expect banks to give loans in such a situation?" a PSU bank
official said.

Agriculture department officials, however, were not satisfied with the arguments
of the bankers, who had not objected to the new proposal when it was introduced.
"We have decided to take up the matter with the SLBC to find a solution," a
department official said.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                August 12, 1998

Looming Land Code

BYLINE: By Roy Prosterman

SECTION: No. 1515

LENGTH: 951 words


Special to The Moscow Times

On July 17, Russia escaped by only a one-vote margin being locked into the
status of second-rate economic power for the foreseeable future. For it was only
by that narrowest of margins that the State Duma failed to adopt the latest
draft Land Code, a horrific document that would have prevented for the
indefinite future nearly all private ownership of land and nearly all land
transactions, apart from those involving small private homes and dacha plots.
This was a Land Code just as bad as those that President Boris Yeltsin
successfully rejected in July 1997 and April 1998, though this time under
circumstances where a presidential veto might have been far more difficult, for
it will be back as soon as the Duma convenes again Aug. 19 to 20.

Only marginally changed from the April version, the "new" Land Code would do
exactly what it was designed to do: make Russia unlike any of the developed
market economies but like the struggling economies of Cuba and North Korea, one
of the few countries where little or no land is permitted to be privately owned,
bought, sold or mortgaged, and where collective farming remains preeminent. The
main changes from the previous draft version rejected by Yeltsin (in its
accompanying "explanatory note" the Agrarian Committee points to only three
changes in substantive provisions) would be ones allowing the Duma to adopt
better rules in the future, while promising absolutely nothing.

The proposed Land Code would deny any meaningful rights of private ownership to
both urban and rural land. The progressive regional laws recently adopted by
Saratov and Samara regions would be largely overturned.

For urban land, very little of which has so far been privatized, the code is
straightforward: it would halt the process of privatization unless and until a
new law on State and Municipal Land Ownership is adopted that permits allocation
of ownership to such land. Privatized enterprises and condominiums, for example,
could not gain ownership of the land under their buildings.

For agricultural land, the process is even more insidious. Here the Land Code's
apparent goal is to preserve the collective farms, whatever the cost to Russia
may be. The workers of these cosmetically reorganized farms are said to have
common ownership rights to the land, but to call them "owners" under this Land
Code is a cynical misuse of language: The code makes it virtually impossible for
an owner to leave with his share of the land to start a private farm (as he can
do now, under presidential decrees) unless he has the collective management's
permission via the "general meeting." Moreover, he cannot sell his land share
rights - or his existing land plot, if he is already a private farmer - unless
and until a new law "On State Regulation of Turnover of Lands of Agricultural
Designation" is adopted that permits such sales. He cannot mortgage his land
rights and, with minor exceptions, he cannot even lease out his land rights.

Only the small, private household and dacha plots - full ownership of which was
legislatively conferred in 1992 - would be held in real private ownership.

Thus, the pending Land Code is not in any sense, as some had hoped, a
"compromise," "centrist" or "improved" draft. All of the same dire consequences
for the Russian economy would ensue as would have flowed from the two
Duma-passed Land Codes that Yeltsin had previously rejected: Almost none of
Russia's non-agricultural land would be privately owned.

None of Russia's agricultural land, even when privately "owned," would be owned
in any recognizable sense of that word.

Virtually none of Russia's land would, thus, have a value. By contrast, its
eventual market value if a land market were permitted to develop would probably
be in the low trillions of dollars. A high-end estimate of Russian land value at
roughly $ 5 trillion came out of a set of World Bank calculations reported by
The New York Times in 1996.

Instead of having more land privatizations and land transactions than at
present, there would be even fewer, and for many categories of land rights there
would be none.

There would be little use of land as collateral (for agricultural land, none).

State subsidization of agriculture, in the absence of land usable as collateral
for bank loans, will continue as a drain on the budget for the indefinite
future.

Without a market or a value for nearly any of Russia's land, land will not
provide a tax base to help support local services.

The only difference is that, this time round, Yeltsin is under intense pressure
to accept this odious document in return for Duma cooperation on the immediate
revenue and budget issues. Indeed, the present, slightly modified draft of the
Land Code appears to have originated in the presidential entourage. But it would
be a tragic capitulation for the president to accept this law, as all friends of
Russia - not least, the International Monetary Fund and World Bank - should
immediately and decisively point out. Far more reasonable alternatives are
immediately at hand: there are land-market provisions of the Russian Civil Code
that were suspended and could be reactivated; a "round-table" agreement on a
moderately regulated land market that was reached by the president and Duma
leadership in December 1997 has been ignored and could instead be implemented or
each region could be allowed to adopt its own land law.

Roy Prosterman, a law professor at the University of Washington and president of
the Seattle-based Rural Development Institute, has been working on land issues
in Russia since 1990. He contributed this comment to The Moscow Times.


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1998 Independent Press


                              725 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                             August 4, 2009 Tuesday

Emerging farmers need help

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 249 words


IT is disconcerting that the Land Bank intends to institute legal proceedings
against 557 farmers for failing to repay their loans, particularly as 51% of
them are emerging farmers, many of whom, we suspect, are trapped in a situation
where they are unable to meet their monthly instalments because they are not
producing as a result of a lack of support.


 While we are not convinced that the Land Bank should be charging an interest
rate commensurate with that of commercial banks, it is clear that it cannot
operate as an agricultural charity and farmers who borrow money must repay it.
  That being noted, it is of concern that emerging farmers in particular are
failing at a significant rate.
 Clearly, there is a need to investigate each case to ascertain whether it is
not possible for the operation to be rescued if the necessary mentorship is
provided and the loan therefore repaid, albeit over a longer period.
 If the skewed pre-1994 agricultural land ownership patterns are to be
addressed, as is the stated aim of government, then it is little other than
farcical for a situation to exist where emerging farmers are provided with land
and the grant to start production only to fail and lose their farms because the
administration has failed to provide the support which is so essential if they
are to succeed.
 This will only exacerbate the land ownership problem.
 It is in no one's interests for the government to set emerging farmers up for
failure through its own officials' inefficiency.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             April 21, 2013 Sunday

Addressing sharecroppers' credit needs

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, April 21 -- Sharecroppers were earlier not entitled to receive
agricultural loan from the banks since they did not have the rights of
ownership. The Bangladesh Bank has relaxed its credit policy aiming to
facilitate disbursement of agricultural loans to sharecroppers and landless
farmers across the country. Under the new policies, sharecroppers are entitled
to receive agricultural loan.

The decision indeed helps ease the credit crunch of the sharecroppers. Earlier
when they did not get the loan, many of them were compelled to borrow from
village money-lenders at exorbitant interest rates. In some areas, 10 maunds of
paddy worth Tk 8,000 had to be surrendered to get a loan of Tk 10,000 for three
months. This kind of dependency forced the sharecroppers to sell their
agricultural output at lower prices often making them pauper. The availability
of credit from the Bangladesh Bank has relieved them of the hardships.

The central bank plans to set up a Tk 500 crore fund to disburse loans to tens
of thousands of sharecroppers in rural Bangladesh. It is designing a special
package for sharecroppers (bargadars) and taking initiatives under the
agricultural credit policy to help them get farm loans. The central bank has set
a target to ensure disbursement of Tk 11,500 crore in loans under the
agricultural credit policy to revamp the rural economy and ensure pro-poor
growth. The refinance scheme was initially adopted with the validity till 30
June 2012 which has been extended up to June 2015 considering its success and
positive impact on lives of sharecroppers. It is also praiseworthy that the BB
would form a refinancing fund or develop other mechanisms to extend loans to the
farmers..

The BB should relax and expand the policy in order to bring all the
sharecroppers of the country under this programme. Some of the borrowers are
found to spend the credit on repairing or maintenance of house, on livestock,
and on purchasing agricultural equipment. The BB must strengthen monitoring of
farm credit because credit money could be misused.

Improvement in economic status is a long-term process. But access to credit may
remove some of the constraints to achieve the goal such as meeting consumption
needs, getting working capital in growing modern technology-led crops. Although
late, addressing the sharecroppers' credit problem will hasten development of
our agriculture on which we are dependent more than our industries.

The loan amount i.e., average of Tk 12,000, is not sufficient for the
sharecroppers. So, the Bangladesh Bank should raise the credit limit of this
programme since the poorest of the villages get the opportunity of improving
their economic condition by utilising the money. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from The Financial Express. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            November 9, 2012 Friday
                                  Mich Edition

BRIEFcase

BYLINE: TRIBUNE AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 502 words


SOUTH BEND

Motivational talk on life balance

The Women's Entrepreneurship Initiative at Saint Mary's College and KeyBank will
host a talk titled "Lifestyle Balance!" given by motivational speaker Joni
Arredia, "The Queen of Self Esteem."

Women business owners are encouraged to attend this free event in Stapleton
Lounge of Le Mans Hall on Thursday. It begins at 5 p.m. with a wine and cheese
reception.

To RSVP, please call Anne Niespodziany at Key Bank at (574) 282-8836. For more
information about WEI or this event, e-mail wei@saintmarys. edu of call
574-284-5262.

WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.

Farm deaths drop to 16 in 2011

A new Purdue University report says farm-related deaths in Indiana fell to 16
last year and none involved children for the first time in 13 years.

The Indiana Farm fatality Summary released Wednesday says the 2011 deaths
compared with 23 the previous year.

The 16 deaths represented about 13 percent of the 122 fatal work injuries
recorded in Indiana last year. Purdue says less than 1 percent of Indiana's work
force is employed in production agriculture, but the industry traditionally has
been responsible for the highest number of work-related fatalities in the state.

The report also says that for the first time since 1998, there were no reports
of anyone under the age of 18 being killed in Indiana while farming.

The full report is available at www.farmsafety.org .

WASHINGTON

Mortgage rates remain near lows

Mortgage rates remained flat in the latest week, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.

The average for a 30-year fixed loan was 3.4 percent, up from 3.39 percent a
week earlier but down from 3.99 percent a year ago. The year-earlier figure was
the first time the rate fell below 4 percent since Freddie began keeping track
in 1971.

Rates on 15-year mortgages dipped to 2.69 percent, from 2.70 percent a week ago
and 3.30 percent last year at this time.

NEW YORK

McDonald's snaps global sales streak

McDonald's Corp. is having a tough time stomaching the competition.

The world's biggest hamburger chain said Thursday that a key sales figure fell
for the first time in nearly a decade in October, as it faced the double whammy
of a challenging economy abroad and intensifying competition at home. The
company, based in Oak Brook, Ill., says global revenue at restaurants open at
least 13 months fell 1.8 percent for the month. The last time it dropped was in
March 2003.

The figure is a key metric because it strips out the impact of newly opened and
closed locations. It's a snapshot of money spent on food at both company-owned
and franchised restaurants and does not reflect corporate revenue.

After years of outperforming its rivals, McDonald's has been hitting some road
bumps recently, with longtime rivals such as Burger King and Wendy's Co.
reviving their brands with improved menus and new TV ad campaigns. Taco Bell,
owned by Yum Brands Inc., is also enjoying growth with the help of new offerings
such as it Doritos Locos Tacos and higher-end Cantina Bell bowls and burritos.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

SA cannot afford to delay the land reform programme

BYLINE: Russel Molefe

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 626 words


Russel Molefe
 SAM Muleya did not know any state of life beyond deprivation and hunger.
 He grew up so poor that he never owned a pair of shoes as a child and early
teenager.
 His growing up on various farms in Limpopo with his mother and nine other
children - without a father - remains a memory indelibly engraved on his soul.


 Today Muleya, 38, remains physically remarkable - slim but strongly built.
However, he cuts a sad figure in ragged clothing as he tends manually to crops
on a 4 hectare piece of land allocated to him on an ad hoc basis.
 This was after he was forced to leave the farm he worked and lived on seven
years ago. With a wife and two children in tow, he went cap in hand to a chief
in Mpheni village outside Louis Trichardt begging for a residential site.
 While living there in a rickety shack Muleya identified a 4 hectare piece of
land and agreed with the chief to use it for farming. The informal allocation of
pieces of land under traditional rule is a situation prevalent in many other
rural parts of the country.
 The situation perpetuates an apartheid status quo in which individuals were
denied ownership to the land. The closest they could produce to prove ownership
was the "permission to occupy", which is still better known as the "PTO".
 The situation entrenches traditional leaders' authority to the detriment of the
South African dream of developing black rural people through land and agrarian
reform.
 For instance, Muleya has a dream of developing himself as a commercial farmer
but his space to manoeuvre in terms of accessing loans from banks is almost
non-existent.
 At a meeting with the South African Local Government Association in Mpumalanga
this week, traditional leaders wanted to further entrench the situation accusing
municipalities of trying to wrestle power from them.
 Muleya cannot turn to the government for help to buy a farm somewhere else
because the land reform programme, especially redistribution, has almost
stalled.
  The debate around the land question has resurfaced in South Africa after ANC
Youth League president Julius Malema, in his typically militant way, called for
a speedy land reform process, which should involve expropriation of white-owned
land without compensation if necessary.
 Land and agrarian reform was one of the top priorities of the government at the
dawn of democracy in 1994 but took a back seat when Zimbabwe adopted a radical
policy, which was also accompanied by violence against white farmers in 2000.
 Malema's statements elicited a strong response from AgriSA, which represents
25000 commercial farmers in the country, saying farmers cannot be branded as if
their farms were unlawfully acquired.
 Its deputy president, Theo de Jager, said: "The economic politics advocated by
Malema has already been experimented elsewhere with disastrous results, which
speaks volumes to any objective observer.
  Congress of Traditional Leaders of South Africa (Contralesa) spokesperson
Phatekile Holomisa maintains that in terms of customary law no individual owns
land.
 "Land is owned collectively by the tribe and the administration of the
institution of traditional leadership. Each member of the tribe is entitled to a
piece of land."
  Rural Development and Land Reform Minister Gugile Nkwinti maintained that land
reform remained a priority of the government and one of the central pillars of
the Comprehensive Rural Development Programme.
 He said de-racialising the rural economy, democratic and equitable land
allocation and its use across gender, race and class remain fundamentals of land
reform.
 Muleya's case shows how the South African dream of developing the previously
disadvantaged people, through land reform can no longer be deferred.
 lThe writer is a freelance

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Edge Malaysia

                                 August 1, 2005

Corporate: Lingui waiting for pine prices to rise

BYLINE: Ng Kar Yean

LENGTH: 875 words


Members of the Yaw family, substantial shareholders of Lingui Developments Bhd,
are holding out for better prices for the company's pine trees in New Zealand.
In the meantime, interest payments on this asset continue to be a drag on the
company's earnings. Little wonder then that Lingui trades at a steep discount to
the value of its assets, and hardly attracts investor interest.

The company's interest in the pine forest of Hikurangi Forest Farms in New
Zealand began in 2002 when its controlling shareholder, the Samling group,
rationalised the businesses of its two listed entities Lingui and Glenealy
(Malaya) Bhd. The Samling group is the investment vehicle of the timber-rich Yaw
family of Sarawak.

The exercise saw the Samling group parking all its timber assets in Lingui and
its oil palm plantations under Glenealy.

As part of the rationalisation exercise, Lingui assumed the ownership of
35,057ha of radiata pine forest in New Zealand as well as the syndicated US
dollar loan that financed the acquisition. The effect on Lingui's bottom line
was immediate as its interest cost jumped substantially to RM48.7 million in
2003 from RM14.7 million the year before.

What irks investors is that the pine forest has yet to make a substantial
contribution to Lingui's top and bottom lines despite all these years of
ownership. So, bearing the interest cost of the loan is no music to their ears.

Last year, Lingui refinanced the US dollar loan with a NZ$122 million term loan,
which allows better matching of repayment terms with cash flow from the pine
forest operations. This has alleviated the strain of interest cost and repayment
of the loan on Lingui's cash flow. Nevertheless, last year's interest cost
weighed in at RM58.68 million.

A company official says the management, in the name of prudence, decided to
treat the interest cost as an expense instead of capitalising it. She says the
management could have capitalised the interest cost because the value of the
asset grows as the trees grow older.

However, this offers little compensation to Lingui shareholders as the company
is still carrying the non-performing asset. As things stand, Lingui's flattish
share price and its zero dividend payout offer little incentive for investors to
buy its shares.

A company official maintains that the pine forest is a valuable asset because
92% of the land is freehold, while the rest is leasehold. Of the 35,057ha, some
26,940ha have been planted with radiata pine and other species, and these trees,
which were planted 25 years ago, have reached maturity.

The company official says the only reason Lingui's management has not felled the
pine trees is that the price for them has yet to reach optimum level.

"When we bought the forest, we expected the price to be US$150 per tonne, but
currently, it is at about US$100 per tonne," she explains.

Nevertheless, Lingui has started to log small volumes - about 100,000 tonnes per
annum - of these pine trees. The optimum level is about 750,000 tonnes per year.

"The forest is ready and we are ready to log the trees. What we want is a better
price for the trees," the official says. The price of such trees is being
suppressed by the illegal logging of pine trees in Russia, among other things,
she adds.

She also says Lingui's management is looking at various options to maximise
profits from the pine forest. Many insurance companies have bought pine forests
in New Zealand because the freehold forestland ensures long-term recurring
income.

"There are many things we can do. We can sell the timber in advance or sell a
portion of the forest to the insurance companies," the official says.

Lingui's management seems to be moving at its own pace, regardless of pressure
from the investment community to quickly turn its pine forest into a performing
asset.

The official says the Yaw family is a long-time investor of the company and
takes a long-term view of it. Hence, it is unlikely to sell or log the pine
forest if the profit is not good enough. The question is, are the investors
prepared to wait as long as the Yaw family?

Sarawak operations

Few will dispute the fact that Lingui manages its logging and plywood operations
in Sarawak well. The figures speak for themselves.

Last year, Lingui raked in an operating profit of RM81.88 million on the back of
RM1 billion in revenue. Operating profit was 32% higher than the RM61.86 million
achieved a year earlier. This is no small achievement, considering that Lingui
and the other local players have to contend with illegal logging activities in
Indonesia.

However, Lingui's net profit performance is nothing to shout about. It chalked
up RM42.88 million last year, for a paltry profit margin of 3.6% as group
revenue was RM1.16 billion. The hefty interest cost of RM58.68 million more than
halved the profit from its logging and plywood operations.

Lingui's market value has always been below its net tangible assets (NTA). The
counter closed at RM1.09 last Wednesday, at which price Lingui's value amounts
to RM718.99 million. This is 37% less than its shareholders' funds of RM1.13
billion as at end-2004. Its share price is trading at a steep discount to its
NTA of RM1.72 per share.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Edge Malaysia

                                 August 1, 2005

Corporate: Lingui waiting for pine prices to rise

BYLINE: Ng Kar Yean

LENGTH: 875 words


Members of the Yaw family, substantial shareholders of Lingui Developments Bhd,
are holding out for better prices for the company's pine trees in New Zealand.
In the meantime, interest payments on this asset continue to be a drag on the
company's earnings. Little wonder then that Lingui trades at a steep discount to
the value of its assets, and hardly attracts investor interest.

The company's interest in the pine forest of Hikurangi Forest Farms in New
Zealand began in 2002 when its controlling shareholder, the Samling group,
rationalised the businesses of its two listed entities Lingui and Glenealy
(Malaya) Bhd. The Samling group is the investment vehicle of the timber-rich Yaw
family of Sarawak.

The exercise saw the Samling group parking all its timber assets in Lingui and
its oil palm plantations under Glenealy.

As part of the rationalisation exercise, Lingui assumed the ownership of
35,057ha of radiata pine forest in New Zealand as well as the syndicated US
dollar loan that financed the acquisition. The effect on Lingui's bottom line
was immediate as its interest cost jumped substantially to RM48.7 million in
2003 from RM14.7 million the year before.

What irks investors is that the pine forest has yet to make a substantial
contribution to Lingui's top and bottom lines despite all these years of
ownership. So, bearing the interest cost of the loan is no music to their ears.

Last year, Lingui refinanced the US dollar loan with a NZ$122 million term loan,
which allows better matching of repayment terms with cash flow from the pine
forest operations. This has alleviated the strain of interest cost and repayment
of the loan on Lingui's cash flow. Nevertheless, last year's interest cost
weighed in at RM58.68 million.

A company official says the management, in the name of prudence, decided to
treat the interest cost as an expense instead of capitalising it. She says the
management could have capitalised the interest cost because the value of the
asset grows as the trees grow older.

However, this offers little compensation to Lingui shareholders as the company
is still carrying the non-performing asset. As things stand, Lingui's flattish
share price and its zero dividend payout offer little incentive for investors to
buy its shares.

A company official maintains that the pine forest is a valuable asset because
92% of the land is freehold, while the rest is leasehold. Of the 35,057ha, some
26,940ha have been planted with radiata pine and other species, and these trees,
which were planted 25 years ago, have reached maturity.

The company official says the only reason Lingui's management has not felled the
pine trees is that the price for them has yet to reach optimum level.

"When we bought the forest, we expected the price to be US$150 per tonne, but
currently, it is at about US$100 per tonne," she explains.

Nevertheless, Lingui has started to log small volumes - about 100,000 tonnes per
annum - of these pine trees. The optimum level is about 750,000 tonnes per year.

"The forest is ready and we are ready to log the trees. What we want is a better
price for the trees," the official says. The price of such trees is being
suppressed by the illegal logging of pine trees in Russia, among other things,
she adds.

She also says Lingui's management is looking at various options to maximise
profits from the pine forest. Many insurance companies have bought pine forests
in New Zealand because the freehold forestland ensures long-term recurring
income.

"There are many things we can do. We can sell the timber in advance or sell a
portion of the forest to the insurance companies," the official says.

Lingui's management seems to be moving at its own pace, regardless of pressure
from the investment community to quickly turn its pine forest into a performing
asset.

The official says the Yaw family is a long-time investor of the company and
takes a long-term view of it. Hence, it is unlikely to sell or log the pine
forest if the profit is not good enough. The question is, are the investors
prepared to wait as long as the Yaw family?

Sarawak operations

Few will dispute the fact that Lingui manages its logging and plywood operations
in Sarawak well. The figures speak for themselves.

Last year, Lingui raked in an operating profit of RM81.88 million on the back of
RM1 billion in revenue. Operating profit was 32% higher than the RM61.86 million
achieved a year earlier. This is no small achievement, considering that Lingui
and the other local players have to contend with illegal logging activities in
Indonesia.

However, Lingui's net profit performance is nothing to shout about. It chalked
up RM42.88 million last year, for a paltry profit margin of 3.6% as group
revenue was RM1.16 billion. The hefty interest cost of RM58.68 million more than
halved the profit from its logging and plywood operations.

Lingui's market value has always been below its net tangible assets (NTA). The
counter closed at RM1.09 last Wednesday, at which price Lingui's value amounts
to RM718.99 million. This is 37% less than its shareholders' funds of RM1.13
billion as at end-2004. Its share price is trading at a steep discount to its
NTA of RM1.72 per share.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                          February 27, 2002 Wednesday

Ag bill is facing deadline;
Farm Bureau president doesn't see easy road to compromise

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 626 words


Time is running out for a new federal farm bill.

Unless a congressional conference committee can hammer out a compromise by March
22, farmers are unlikely to see a new, five-year farm bill in time for planting,
Bob Stallman, president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, said Tuesday.
He's not making any bets that the deadline will be met, Stallman told the
Illinois Farm Bureau's Governmental Affairs Leadership Conference in
Springfield.

"The drop-dead date is March 22," Stallman said. "The conference committee has
to act before they leave for Easter or farmers will be stuck with the current
farm bill. There's a variety of major issues to be resolved."

Among the remaining sticking points are payment limitations, loan rates,
targeting payments for conservation, and packer ownership of livestock.

Stallman says the "traditional" Washington view is that a bill must be passed by
March 22 to have an effect on this year's crops.

In his home state of Texas, farmers are already planting corn.

"It's doable to have a farm bill by March 22, but the conference committee has
to sit down and focus on finding common ground and not lay out ultimatums.
Whether they'll do that or not, we don't know. It boils down to how hard they
draw a line in the sand."

Past farm bills have literally kept farmers in business, and this new one is
expected to do the same.

"I know without supports the last few years, we would have a lot fewer farmers,
and farm income would be in the tank. USDA (The U.S. Department of Agriculture)
has said that," Stallman said. "Farmers absolutely need the support of a farm
bill. The question is whether the new policies will allow us the ability to
survive and still keep us focused on the market."

The USDA anticipates that farm earnings will drop nearly 20 percent this year
unless a new farm program is enacted or lawmakers approve another round of
emergency assistance.

The current bill expires Sept. 30, the end of the federal fiscal year.

"All the uncertainty is creating a burden for producers as they go into the
planting season," Stallman said. "There is budget available for market loss
assistance, which would have to be passed if the new farm bill isn't in place.
But farmers would rather have the certainty of the farm bill for 2002."

Conference committee members face the daunting task of trying to put together
two very different proposals passed by the House and Senate.

Both versions include new fixed payments for soybean growers and a
counter-cyclical safety net aimed at providing a level of security for producers
during low-income years.

The bills differ in the rates set for farm payments and market loans, in limits
for producer payments and in structures for counter-cyclical relief. The Senate
version authorizes $45 billion in new spending over the next five years, a 27
percent increase over current programs. The House authorized a $38 billion
increase over the same period.

The Senate version sets payment limitations of a maximum of $275,000 for married
couples. It includes $75,000 for direct and counter-cyclical payments and
$150,000 for market loan gains/loan deficiency payments.

The AFBF opposes any payment limitations.

"We've always had discussion on the issue, but consistently members have come
down on the side of no payment limitations and no targeting of benefits,"
Stallman said.

He told conference participants that the Farm Bureau's policy system is a key to
achieving future goals in agriculture.

"There is strength in unity," Stallman said. "That's the importance of a
grass-roots organization. I hope we can provide some hope through the
organization. It's important to be involved. That's the message I'm delivering."

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              732 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Arizona: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      April 25, 1998, Saturday, Edition 1

FOREIGN BANKS THE RULE IN N.Z.

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1226 words


New Zealand sheep farmer Bill Garland has a lot to worry about
 these days, but not his country's banks.
 There are none to speak of.
 While Canadians fret about the plans to have four of our biggest
 banks merge into two, little New Zealand is awash with choice and
 bank competition - all of it foreign.
 When Garland and his wife, Sue, think about banks, they think
 about their loan swelling after having paid off some debt last
 year.
 The problem is that wool and lamb prices are low. Making matters
 worse, many of their sheep are suffering. The couple works five
 days a week dipping dozens of them in a zinc bath to slow the
 spread of a spore that can lead to liver disease.
 Garland is bothered that interest rates are too high and farm
 lending is tightening up, but economic and tax policies are more
 to blame than the banks.
 Many New Zealanders share our suspicion of bank service charges
 and profits. Branches have closed, jobs have been lost.
 Complaints to the Banking Ombudsman soared 30 per cent last year,
 to all of 489 complaints and 160 disputes.
 What Garland doesn't even mention, though, is the fact that
 virtually all of New Zealand's banks are foreign-owned.
 The same situation could well develop in Canada if Ottawa were to
 allow outside takeovers as an elixir to market concentration from
 the proposed megamergers. After all, our southern neighbour
 dwarfs Canada in scope for giant mergers.
 But this potential affront to national pride that our big banks
 cite as a reason for getting bigger hardly registers as an issue
 among the 3.6 million Kiwis.
 Only people on the extreme left seem to be concerned and it's
 not a major media thing over here,'' observed one prominent
 social activist who asked not to be quoted by name.
 We are basically a trading nation that really depends on flows
 of capital between countries,'' he added.  Access to money is
 important.''
 Sue Garland notes that foreign ownership is a bit of old news.
 We've always banked with the National Bank of New Zealand,
 which has always had a tie-up with Lloyd's Bank of London,'' she
 said.
 The couple could choose to use a unit of one of Australia's four
 largest banks, which together control about 70 per cent of
 banking assets in their island nation. A fifth, smaller bank is
 also Australian.
 Other banks also compete for business, in a small way. Two banks
 out of the United States and one Chinese (Hong Kong) bank arrived
 after a sweeping deregulation of financial services in 1987.
 The one local bank among the four major banks that existed in New
 Zealand before 1987 had been under government ownership since
 1944. After three financial bailouts, Australians were cajoled
 into buying it in 1992.
 A former savings bank owned by the post office was sold earlier
 to Australians in 1988. Eight former community trusts (something
 like credit unions) joined and went public in 1994, but an
 Australian bank bought the company as a branch operation in 1996.
 Some day the nationality of ownership could change or the issue
 of concentration could arise. Australia has said that it would
 permit foreigners to bid for its big banks, and then permit the
 other three to jump into the bidding war.
 New Zealand would then have to rule on whether the separate New
 Zealand subsidiaries could be combined if two big Australian
 banks did merge.
 The combined bank might be forced to sell off one of the New
 Zealand companies,'' said economist Anthony Byett of the ASB
 Bank, 75 per cent owned by Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
 Meanwhile, New Zealanders show no great concern about their
 banking sector being overly concentrated, with the largest bank
 in New Zealand controlling about a quarter of the market.
 The New Zealand Commerce Commission has said it would not
 consider a bank with less than 40 per cent market share to have a
 dominant market position.
 David Tripe, a senior lecturer at the Centre for Banking Studies
 at Massey University, said market concentration in New Zealand is
 similar to that of the individual states in Australia.
 But, until mid-1996, New Zealand home buyers paid a smaller
 interest-rate premium over the banks' cost of funds than
 Australians paid.
 My view is that, as the number of banks comes down, they
 compete more fiercely and that brings margins down,'' said Tripe
 of Massey University.
 At a certain point margins will rise, but it's hard to pinpoint
 where that line is on the continuum,'' he added.
 Tripe doubts the round of mergers proposed in Canada is likely to
 have any impact on the prices paid for financial services. New
 foreign competition will prevent excess profits.
 Garland faults the banks as a group for funding inflationary
 speculation in the Auckland housing market and the conversion of
 sheep farms to beef and forestry.
 That drives inflation, the Reserve Bank intervenes, we pay
 higher interest rates, the dollar goes up . . . and the banks
 tighten up on lending,'' he said.  The people it has cost the
 most are our exporters (such as farmers).''
 But economists and monetary regulators say the banks are
 responding to demand rather than driving it. The fallout for
 farmers can be blamed more on national economic, tax and
 immigration policies.
 At the moment Garland is earning between 7.5 and 8 per cent
 interest on guaranteed savings instruments, and paying 13 per
 cent on his bank overdraft, about 11 per cent for mortgages.
 The Reserve Bank of New Zealand, which like the Bank of Canada
 administers monetary policy, has stomped hard to control
 inflation, even though the rate is down around 1 per cent.
 The government's repayment of debt has led to steep tax cuts,
 while a surge in immigration has fed the spiral of house prices.
 Now the central bank is lecturing Kiwis about being poor savers.
 Small wonder, though. There are no tax incentives for retirement
 savings, Garland notes. With no taxes on capital gains, people
 plunge their money into real estate and balloon property values.
 My best investment by miles is a cottage by the ocean,'' said
 Bill Garland.  It has been running at about 30 per cent a
 year.''
 Tripe said the Reserve Bank has no trouble controlling the money
 supply with all of the banks being foreign owned.
 The government imposes taxes as it would on a local bank, said
 Byett of ASB Bank. Banks must, however, be monitored to see
 whether they are transferring profits home by over-paying for
 head-office services.
 Oversight of the banks for financial solvency is left largely to
 their home countries.
 Subsidiaries and branches are required to maintain capital in New
 Zealand, and make detailed financial disclosure to customers
 every quarter.
 With no deposit insurance in New Zealand, customers are on their
 own. They are also free to hate their foreign banks every bit as
 much as a home grown bank.
 Money Talk appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. James Daw can
 be reached at Money Talk, Your Business, The Toronto Star, 1
 Yonge St., Toronto Ont., M5E 1E6 [semi] at (416) 869-4817[semi] (416)
 865-3630 by fax[semi] or at jdaw@thestar.ca by E-mail.




LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: RICK EGLINTON/TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO

 FARM LOANS COSTLY:
 New Zealand sheep farmer Bill Garland, pictured in 1996 on the local landscape
with some of his flock, doesn't blame high interest rates on the fact all the
banks are foreign-owned.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              734 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The pros and cons of switching your farm to company status

BYLINE: THERESA MURPHY

SECTION: FARMING;BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 645 words


QI am a young trained farmer who has inherited a farm from my granduncle.
Although the farm is returning a good level of income I intend to expand the
farm before I become totally reliant on it as a source of income. I have an off-
farm job which will maintain me financially until I can rent/ buy enough land
for a more viable farm business. The farm makes about (EURO)30,000 net profit
and I want to use this income to expand. Am I better to put the farm business
into a company structure or to operate it as a sole trader? A The biggest
difference between operating a business as a limited company and operating as a
sold trader is the rate at which tax is paid on the profits. With corporation
tax still resting at 12.5pc by comparison with the higher band tax rate of
upwards of 50pc, it is certainly worth any farmer's time considering the pros
and cons. In recent years operating a farm business as a limited company has
certainly become an option for dairy farmers as well as larger tillage and
drystock farmers. The following are some of the main considerations involved.

Incorporation or forming a private limited company can provide farmers with an
opportunity to plan and manage taxes more efficiently but succession and
finances are the critical issues to consider.

A limited liability company is a separate legal entity. In most cases the land
and buildings are not transferred to the company, but the stock, tools and
equipment are transferred. If the machinery with loans attached are transferred,
the owner will need to get agreement from the financier or bank to proceed with
incorporation. You will also need to transfer your herd into the company name.

Where entitlements are transferred into the company it is advisable to check
with your agricultural consultant to ensure entitlements are 'activated' to
prevent losing them to the national reserve.

The benefits The main beneficiaries are farmers in expansion mode, that is those
who are buying land, building on the farm or investing heavily in new machinery.

Paying the lower rate of corporation at 12.5pc is an advantage as all of the
money made by the farm can be used to pay the debts or loans once the tax has
been paid. This allows you to pay off loans much quicker than if you had to pay
tax at upwards of 50pc on the money before you made the repayments. Farmers who
pay tax at the higher rate and do not intend to spend all of their income in
that year should also benefit.

Other farmers who would benefit from incorporation are those with an off-farm
income which would push their on-farm earnings into the higher tax bracket.
Where this farmer is not drawing heavily on the farm income allows more monies
to be available for farm improvements etc.

If you intend to maintain yourself with the income obtained from an off-farm
job, while using the profits of the farm to expand, a company structure is worth
considering.

Another significant advantage is that no Universal Social Charge (USC) or Pay
Related Social Charge (PRSI) are payable on company profits. However, if you
choose to pay yourself a salary from the company you will pay the full rate of
income tax on that money, including where it pushes you into the higher tax
band.

So although there are tax advantages for monies applied to loans and
investments, it is not a means of avoiding income tax on your personal income.

Family considerations Family members can also be included as directors or
shareholders and this would make the transition smoother when they take over the
farming enterprise.

Also, where a spouse is employed by the company PRSI contributions will be made
on his/her behalf which adds to that spouse's future state pension entitlements.

This may be relevant if your granduncle intends to stay active in the farming
business after he has transferred the farm.

Theresa Murphy is a barrister based in Ardrahan, Co Galway.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               December 14, 2004

Euro is a good option for producers

BYLINE: DAN BUGLASS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 378 words


THE day when the UK signs up to join the euro appears a long way off, but there
is nothing to prevent farmers doing business in the European currency, according
to Henry Graham, the head of agriculture with the Clydesdale and Yorkshire
Banks, which are subsidiaries of National Bank of Australia.

Speaking yesterday at the bank's headquarters in Glasgow, Graham outlined the
possibilities of getting cheaper credit by switching loans to euros.

He was commenting on the fact that farmers will likely have the opportunity to
receive their new single farm payment, which is a key element of the reform of
the Common Agricultural Policy, paid in euros.

He said: "It's good to have this option and it might well suit heavy borrowers
to move their loans into euros, especially since the European Central Bank's
base rate is 2per cent-3per cent lower than the Bank of England's rate.

"There is, however, a chance that the ECB rate will rise, but it will still be
lower than UK interest rates.

"We are getting a number of inquiries from farmers, but they must be sure that
they can marry their loans effectively with the single farm payment."

Price volatility will be a feature of the industry after reform of the CAP is
implemented.

Hedging against massive price fluctuations is something farmers should be
considering.

Graham pointed out that around 70per cent of farmers in Australia regularly lock
into future wheat prices, compared to only 3per cent in the UK.

Returning to the theme that EU agriculture is moving into a new era, Graham said
this will create " opportunities for gain, " for many farmers.

Equally, the potential for disasterwill also increase.

"In the past the best producers have earned their status by doing things that
bit better than average, paying more attention to detail in crucial areas of
business structure and management.

"At the same time, producers in what may be called the 'next third' have tended
to adopt a more traditional approach, based largely on past experience."

He said the "variables within agriculture" are set to become greater than in the
past next year.

On the prospects for the hard-pressed dairy sector, Graham said: "I thinkwe will
see a continuation of the decline in the numbers of producers, but production
will remain much the same."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2004 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              736 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          September 8, 1990, Saturday

Home ownership round the world

BYLINE: Lindsay Cook

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 516 words


THE lack of reasonably priced rented accommodation forces people in Britain to
enter the property market earlier than in any other country.

Those aged under 25 account for 35 per cent of mortgage holders in Britain,
compared with 19 per cent in America and even lower in Europe.

In West Germany, for example, only 42 per cent of households are owner-occupied
and people under 30 account for 9.5 per cent of these. The average first-time
buyer is 36 and only borrows 65 per cent of the purchase price. Fixed mortgage
rates are most popular, with the rate usually being guaranteed for five years at
the outset.

In Britain, two thirds of households are owner-occupied with close to 10 million
properties being mortgaged. The distribution of owner occupation is equally
spread throughout the whole country.

In France, official statistics claim that 52 per cent of homes are
owner-occupied. Agricultural workers have the highest concentration at 75 per
cent, then come the managerial and higher professional categories at 55 per
cent, followed by ordinary employees at 34 per cent. The concentration of
ownership is low in Paris and other urban areas and high in rural districts.

Spain has the highest ownership ratio at 85 per cent because real-estate has
been traditionally seen as a safe investment. Loans are usually made up of up to
70 per cent of the property's value on a repayment basis. They are mostly of 15
to 17 years in duration.

In Italy, where 60 per cent of existing homes are owner-occupied, mortgages for
second-hand properties are usually limited to 50 per cent of the value. It is
estimated that between 60 per cent and 75 per cent of housing finance comes from
family savings.

Switzerland has the lowest owner-occupation rate in Europe. In 1980, it was just
27.5 per cent, 7 per cent lower than in 1960.

Eastern European nations claim home ownership rates as high as 80 per cent with
state loans in some cases available at interest rates as low as 0.5 to 3 per
cent.

But homeowners face a change to market interest rates in the coming years as
housing and housing finance are transformed from the old-style command economies
to market-led systems.

In Hungary proposals to increase the rate of interest on existing loans from 3
per cent towards a market rate in excess of 20 per cent have suffered political
reversals. The issue is complicated by the fact that in Hungary and Poland it is
not possible for lenders to take possession of a house where the borrower has
defaulted.

In East Germany a reform of the land registration system is needed as there are
many cases of three different people laying claim to the same property. In
Yugoslavia much housing investment has been financed by remittances from
Yugoslavs working abroad.

The mortgage market in Britain enables people to start young because 100 per
cent loans are available in some cases and 90 to 95 per cent loans are common.
This means that only small deposits have to be saved, for the first property
compared with other European countries where a third or more of the property's
value is expected.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1990 Times Newspapers Limited


                              737 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday
                                Ontario Edition

INVESTMENTS;
Private equity firm offers farmers relief;
Area One Farms looks to help Canadian agriculture by giving interest- and
mortgage-free capital to owners looking to expand

BYLINE: JACO SERERIN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 662 words


Joelle Faulkner may have grown up on a dairy farm, but she never thought that
she would end up in the agriculture business.

She studied at Oxford, Stanford and the University of Western Ontario. She is a
lawyer and an engineer who has spent most of her career in finance.

"Agriculture is the last place I thought I'd end up," she says.

"It didn't seem like a place where I could use my skills."

Ms. Faulkner is the president and chief executive officer of Area One Farms, a
Torontobased private equity firm that has developed a new model for investing in
Canadian farms, one that she says is helping family farmers pass their farms on
to the next generation.

Area One uses a partnership model: It finds farmers who want to expand and
provides additional capital so that they can buy the land they want. A farmer
might put up 20 per cent of a new acquisition, while Area One, which raises
money from individual investors, puts up the rest.

The company takes an equity stake in that newly acquired land. The idea is that
the farmer will buy out Area One in 10 years, generating a return for investors
and leaving the farmer with a larger, more profitable farm than he or she
started with. Farmers are able to buy more than they could on their own, while
investors benefit from an experienced ownermanager.

Because Area One isn't giving farmers a loan, there is no interest to be paid.
There is also no mortgage; the newly acquired land is owned through the
partnership, while farmers maintain complete ownership of the land they owned
before. It's a model that appears to be attracting interest.

In 2012, Area One had invested in 600 acres of farmland, and now that's about
60,000 acres, the company says. It now has about $70-million in assets under
management and the company says it has exceeded its target of 15-per-cent
returns three years in a row.

"Canadian farmers want to grow and need to grow," Ms. Faulkner says, adding that
partnering with Area One "allows them to own more even in the context of a
rising land price."

In 2014, farmland values rose by an average of 14.3 per cent nationwide,
according to Farm Credit Canada, a Crown corporation that provides loans to
farmers. The year before, it was 22.1 per cent.

With high land costs, farmers have typically had two options if they wanted to
get more land: take out a loan or rent.

"Most large farmers both own land and rent some land," says Brady Deaton Jr., a
professor at the University of Guelph's department of food, agricultural and
resource economics and the McCain Family Chair in Food Security. "Renting land,
from their standpoint, allows them to get up to scale, but doesn't really
require that all of their wealth, or their investment, is tied up in land."

Prof. Deaton says a model in which farmers split the cost of buying more land
with investors might have a similar advantage.

But he says that whether that will work for an individual farmer comes down to
the details of the contract.

For those farmers who want to expand with credit, there aren't a lot of
constraints, he says. "Interest rates are pretty reasonably low," Prof. Deaton
says.

But some farmers say that even with lower interest rates, large debts aren't
appealing.

Kurt Cole has a 5,000-acre grain operation and 600 to 700 head of cattle in
east-central Alberta. Two of his five daughters want to get into agriculture
with their husbands, and another two are considering it.

"As we go from one family, to supporting three, four or five families, we need
to get larger," he says.

To do that, he has partnered with Area One to increase his grain operation. He
says the only other way to fund that growth was to borrow money.

"I'm not really sure I want to go into huge debt, I'm not sure that my
son-in-laws and nephews could do it on their own," he says.

The Globe and Mail Small Business Summit brings the country's brightest
entrepreneurs to Toronto for an inspiring day of keynote talks, workshops and
networking. Full lineup at globesummits.ca/.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 944  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 944  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 944  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 944  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

North Carolina: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 944  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 944  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
    Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
    Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other
federal agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to
create opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources.
Earlier this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded
21CSC opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over
$21 million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage
approximately 11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment
opportunities.
    Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8
million), 3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and
592 microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
    Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency
Loans and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
    Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
    Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
    Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Greenberg Traurig Advises Invesco in South Florida Industrial Portfolio Purchase

LENGTH: 683  words


(PRWeb) - A team of Greenberg Traurig attorneys recently represented longtime
client Invesco Advisers, Inc. in the joint venture purchase of seven industrial
properties in South Florida, totaling 675,387 square feet. The deal closed Feb.
16, 2016.

Greenberg Traurig Miami shareholders Richard J. Giusto and Danielle Gonzalez
connected longtime firm clients Invesco and Easton & Associates. Easton was
represented on the transaction by Donald Rosenberg of Peckar & Abramson.

The purchase included seven industrial buildings, totaling 53.96 acres in Miami
Lakes, Miami and Hollywood. The purchase also included the assumption of five
loans from three different lenders (State Farm, Lincoln National and New York
Life). After the sale, ownership was transferred to a newly created joint
venture between Invesco and Easton. Easton retains a minority interest and will
continue to manage and lease the properties.

Having represented Easton & Associates for more than 30 years and Invesco for
more than 20 years, we recognized the compatibility of these two companies and
thought the partnership would be a natural match, Giusto said.

The portfolio purchase highlights the continued strength of the industrial real
estate market in Miami-Dade. Since the expansion of the Panama Canal in 2014,
Miami-Dade County has enhanced its position as the Gateway to Latin America and
the Caribbean and has seen increased demand among Real Estate Investment Trusts
(REITS) to purchase industrial space.

Giusto, Co-Managing Shareholder in the firms Miami office, and Gonzalez, a
shareholder in the Miami Real Estate Practice, led the team of 11 attorneys
representing three offices and four practice areas. The team included
shareholders Brian L. Colborn (Delaware), Tracy H. Lautenschlager (Fort
Lauderdale), Robert R. McDonald (Tallahassee), William R. Siegel (Miami);
associates Kathryn R. Alvarez (Miami), John V. Chibbaro (Miami), Adam S. Fischer
(Miami), Jason R. Kleiss (Miami), Ari B. Lustig (Delaware); and Miami paralegal
Lauren Licata.

Invesco Real Estate is a global leader in the real estate investment management
business with over $64.0 billion under management, 434 employees and 21 regional
offices across Asia, Europe and the U.S. It was established in 1983 and has been
actively investing in core, value-add and opportunistic real estate strategies
since 1992. Invesco Real Estate is an investment center of Invesco Advisers,
Inc., which is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Invesco Ltd., one of the
largest investment management firms in the world with $775.6 billion in assets
under management and on-the-ground presence in 25 cities worldwide. Information
as of Dec. 31, 2015.

About Greenberg Traurig  Miami

The Greenberg Traurig Miami office was founded in 1967 by attorneys with a
business-focused approach and a tradition of community service. Since that time,
the Miami office has actively supported and helped drive South Floridas growth
as an international financial and cultural center, serving as a gateway between
the United States, Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. In the
community, the office is well-known for its Miami Roots, Global Reach. The
attorneys advise local, national, and international companies in numerous
industries and sectors, including aviation, entertainment, financial
institutions, health care, international trade and customs, labor and
employment, manufacturing, real estate, retail, and technology. In Florida,
Greenberg Traurig serves clients from across seven offices in Boca Raton, Fort
Lauderdale, Miami, Orlando, Tallahassee, Tampa, and West Palm Beach.

About Greenberg Traurig, LLP

Greenberg Traurig, LLP is an international, multi-practice law firm with
approximately 1,900 attorneys serving clients from 38 offices in the United
States, Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. The firm is No. 1 on
the 2015 Law360 Most Charitable Firms list, third largest in the U.S. on the
2015 Law360 400, on the 2015 Am Law Global 100, and among the 2015 BTI Brand
Elite. More information at: http://www.gtlaw.com . 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDA's First Military Veterans
Agriculture Liaison

LENGTH: 942  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa.

"Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities, and are often drawn
back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"Veterans are key to building our future generation of farmers, land stewards
and conservationists. USDA already has a number of initiatives to help veterans
find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning home, but this new position
will help coordinate our efforts and make programs easier to navigate. I look
forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02).

"Serving as USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great
honor," said Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I
know military veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is
to make sure military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services
to help them succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.
 Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over 600 veterans
through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent Forest Service
employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.
 Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other federal
agencies to develop the 21st Conservation Service Corps (21CSC) to create
opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources. Earlier
this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded 21CSC
opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over $21
million in FY14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage approximately
11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment opportunities.
 Closing 689 Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8 million),
3,881 traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and 592
microloans (totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service
Agency announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a
way to satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds.
 Investing $5.4 million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans
and over $1.1 million in Conservation Loans.
 Launching a dedicated website for veterans and military families about
available federal nutrition programs.
 Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families.
 Integrating veterans into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

Today's announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made
possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic
gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving meaningful
reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA
has made significant progress to implement each provision of this critical
legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers;
strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding
critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of
life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           December 14, 2010 Tuesday

take action to cushion budget taxation blow

SECTION:

LENGTH: 748 words


You can benefit from lower rates by becoming a shareholder in your own farm

Most farmers in Ireland operate as sole traders. However, with the hikes in
income tax, Pay Related Social Insurance (PRSI) and Universal Social Charges
(USC) in last week's Budget, many farmers may be weighing up their options.

Could setting up the farm as a limited company to avail of the lower corporation
tax rates really work for a farmer' The decision to incorporate will, as ever,
depend on individualcircumstances.

What is a sole trader?

A sole trader is a person who trades on their own account. A benefit of being a
sole trader is that you retain ownership of the business. However, the big
disadvantage is that you are taxed at the marginal rate of tax on all your
income.

With all the PRSI and USC charges included, this can add up to a massive 52pc in
the 2011 tax year. Corporate taxes, however, are unchanged at 12.5pc.

What is a limited company?

By turning your farm into a limited company, you are becoming a shareholder in
your farm. Usually you or your family will be the only shareholders, so you will
still control the lot.

However, personal assets, such as your house, are often kept outside or separate
from the company's assets. This is important so that the personal assets of the
directors or shareholders cannot be seized to pay off company debts.

The benefits

1) The big upside to becoming a limited company is that a company is taxed on
its trading profits at just 12.5pc and taxed on its investment/rental income at
25pc.

2) Increased pension contributions can be made on behalf of the director and
treated as a company expense.

3) Liability is limited.

4) Stamp duty on transfer of shares is limited to just 1pccompared to up to 6pc
on transfers of assets.

The negatives

1) The money which is retained in the company's bank account is not available
for yourpersonal use. Instead, it belongs to the company. If you wish to use
this money for yourpersonal use, you will be taxed at your marginal income tax
rate (up to 52pc) on the amount of the withdrawal.

The alternative is if the company owes you money by way of a loan, this can
betreated as a loan repayment with no additional taximplications.

2) There is a surcharge on undistributed investment/ rental income of
effectively an additional 14pc on top of the higher rate of tax of 25pc -- an
effective rate of almost 39pc.

3) There are many rules and regulations with regard to loans and transactions
between directors or shareholders and the company. For example,loans to
directors create abenefit in kind for the director who is liable to income tax
athis marginal rate each yearuntil the loan is repaid. Ifthe loan is written
off, it istreated as personal incomeand could be liable to taxes at 52pc.

4) Limited liability can be effectively ignored by banks seeking personal
guarantees to cover loans.

5) A limited company must file annual accounts with the companies' registration
office, which is normally more costly and time consuming than that of a sole
trader. This also means that they can be viewed byany member of the public,and
the idea of every Joe Soap being able to see your financial details is not
everybody's cup of tea.

6) Income averaging is not an option for a limited company. This is an important
tool for minimising tax on many farms in these times of fluctuating returns.

7) Another disadvantage arises if there is an outstanding loan on personal
property. If your funds are all tied up in the company you will need to take
money from the company to repay the loan. This withdrawal will attract income
tax at your marginal rate.

8) Careful succession planning is required. There may be a major impact on
reliefs further down the line.

The most obvious is thatagricultural relief is notavailable to the person
receiving the shares in a farming company. This relief is vital forfarmers
passing on the farm to the next generation since it reduces the market value
ofcertain assets by 90pc for tax purposes, provided certaincriteria are met.

However, business relief may be available instead. It does almost the same thing
asagricultural relief. However,the farmhouse cannot be included.

The farmhouse constitutes agricultural assets for agricultural relief but does
not form part of the business assets for business relief. Only those shares in a
farming company that draw their value from trading assets qualify.

9) There is potential for adouble charge of Capital Gains Tax on disposal of
assets.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           December 14, 2010 Tuesday

take action to cushion budget taxation blow

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 748 words


You can benefit from lower rates by becoming a shareholder in your own farm

Most farmers in Ireland operate as sole traders. However, with the hikes in
income tax, Pay Related Social Insurance (PRSI) and Universal Social Charges
(USC) in last week's Budget, many farmers may be weighing up their options.

Could setting up the farm as a limited company to avail of the lower corporation
tax rates really work for a farmer' The decision to incorporate will, as ever,
depend on individualcircumstances.

What is a sole trader?

A sole trader is a person who trades on their own account. A benefit of being a
sole trader is that you retain ownership of the business. However, the big
disadvantage is that you are taxed at the marginal rate of tax on all your
income.

With all the PRSI and USC charges included, this can add up to a massive 52pc in
the 2011 tax year. Corporate taxes, however, are unchanged at 12.5pc.

What is a limited company?

By turning your farm into a limited company, you are becoming a shareholder in
your farm. Usually you or your family will be the only shareholders, so you will
still control the lot.

However, personal assets, such as your house, are often kept outside or separate
from the company's assets. This is important so that the personal assets of the
directors or shareholders cannot be seized to pay off company debts.

The benefits

1) The big upside to becoming a limited company is that a company is taxed on
its trading profits at just 12.5pc and taxed on its investment/rental income at
25pc.

2) Increased pension contributions can be made on behalf of the director and
treated as a company expense.

3) Liability is limited.

4) Stamp duty on transfer of shares is limited to just 1pccompared to up to 6pc
on transfers of assets.

The negatives

1) The money which is retained in the company's bank account is not available
for yourpersonal use. Instead, it belongs to the company. If you wish to use
this money for yourpersonal use, you will be taxed at your marginal income tax
rate (up to 52pc) on the amount of the withdrawal.

The alternative is if the company owes you money by way of a loan, this can
betreated as a loan repayment with no additional taximplications.

2) There is a surcharge on undistributed investment/ rental income of
effectively an additional 14pc on top of the higher rate of tax of 25pc -- an
effective rate of almost 39pc.

3) There are many rules and regulations with regard to loans and transactions
between directors or shareholders and the company. For example,loans to
directors create abenefit in kind for the director who is liable to income tax
athis marginal rate each yearuntil the loan is repaid. Ifthe loan is written
off, it istreated as personal incomeand could be liable to taxes at 52pc.

4) Limited liability can be effectively ignored by banks seeking personal
guarantees to cover loans.

5) A limited company must file annual accounts with the companies' registration
office, which is normally more costly and time consuming than that of a sole
trader. This also means that they can be viewed byany member of the public,and
the idea of every Joe Soap being able to see your financial details is not
everybody's cup of tea.

6) Income averaging is not an option for a limited company. This is an important
tool for minimising tax on many farms in these times of fluctuating returns.

7) Another disadvantage arises if there is an outstanding loan on personal
property. If your funds are all tied up in the company you will need to take
money from the company to repay the loan. This withdrawal will attract income
tax at your marginal rate.

8) Careful succession planning is required. There may be a major impact on
reliefs further down the line.

The most obvious is thatagricultural relief is notavailable to the person
receiving the shares in a farming company. This relief is vital forfarmers
passing on the farm to the next generation since it reduces the market value
ofcertain assets by 90pc for tax purposes, provided certaincriteria are met.

However, business relief may be available instead. It does almost the same thing
asagricultural relief. However,the farmhouse cannot be included.

The farmhouse constitutes agricultural assets for agricultural relief but does
not form part of the business assets for business relief. Only those shares in a
farming company that draw their value from trading assets qualify.

9) There is potential for adouble charge of Capital Gains Tax on disposal of
assets.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   October 7, 1994, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LOCAL OWNERSHIP SOUGHT FOR THE FARM

BYLINE: Al Stamborski St. Charles Post Bureau Chief

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 636 words


St. Charles County government is trying to line up a team of local owners and
managers for The Farm, a dilapidated housing complex for low-income people.

The 298 apartments, off Kisker Road south of Highway 94, are destined to be
taken over soon by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, which
subsidizes rents at the privately owned complex. The current out-of-state owners
failed to keep up the property.

Tenants and neighbors in the well-to-do area have been complaining for months;
they cite peeling paint, windows falling out, lack of insulation, sewer backups
and birds in the walls, among many other problems. County building inspectors
found more than 1,500 violations this summer.

HUD has been planning to sell the property as soon as it fixes it up. But St.
Charles County officials are afraid that The Farm will once again be sold to
out-of-state owners and be managed by an out-of-state corporation.

Local officials are convinced that absentee landlords are to blame for the
deterioration of the complex. They hope local owners would be more responsible -
and easier for county building inspectors to pressure when repairs are needed.

HUD's own rules require it to offer its property to a local government before
trying to sell it to others, said Richard Grose, director of the Missouri
Housing Development Commission. His agency lent more than $ 5 million to build
The Farm 23 years ago. If HUD goes along with the county's proposal, the
commission would lend the money for a full-scale renovation of the project,
probably $ 5 million to $ 7 million.

County Executive Eugene Schwendemann said Wednesday that the county would ask
HUD if it could buy The Farm for $ 1. The county would immediately turn it over
to a local team of owners, also for $ 1. Schwendemann said the county would face
no financial risk in the process.

The team would be made up of a non-profit organization and a for-profit
enterprise, both of which would have experience in housing. Officials said they
would have a competition for such groups before assembling the team but refused
to speculate who might want to take on such a project. But several church-based
groups in the metropolitan area already help to run housing complexes for the
poor or elderly.

The money to repay the state's loan would come from rents, which Grose said
would have to rise. Because the tenants would be unable to pay significantly
more, HUD would have to boost its subsidy, said Grose. Unless HUD is willing to
do that, the project won't go through, he said.

HUD officials could not be reached for comment.

Grose said his agency and HUD would split the liability in case the new owners
were to default on the project.

About $ 4 million remains to be paid on the current mortgage. It could not be
determined Thursday who would be responsible for that.

Grose said spending more public money on the complex was cost-efficient.
Renovation would be cheaper than building new apartments for the 240-some
families living there.

"As long as we have very low-income people, it's a fact of life" that government
subsidies will pay for their housing, he said.

If a local ownership team can be found for the project, renovation would
probably get under way next spring, officials said. Although HUD also envisioned
starting then, County Building Inspector Dave Hammond said he doubted that the
federal agency could get under way with the renovation until next fall.

HUD had already brought in an architect and engineer to plan for the major
renovation. This planning would be used by any local owner to save time and
money, county officials hope.

Hammond reported that all of the emergency repairs at The Farm have been made.
The biggest problem was the electrical boxes separating from the exteriors.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by Robert C. Holt Jr./St. Charles Post - County officials
blame absentee ownership for the disrepair of apartment buildings at The Farm
complex off Kisker Road in southwest St. Charles County. County officials are
seeking a local owner for the complex.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              749 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   October 7, 1994, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LOCAL OWNERSHIP SOUGHT FOR THE FARM

BYLINE: Al Stamborski St. Charles Post Bureau Chief

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 636 words


St. Charles County government is trying to line up a team of local owners and
managers for The Farm, a dilapidated housing complex for low-income people.

The 298 apartments, off Kisker Road south of Highway 94, are destined to be
taken over soon by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, which
subsidizes rents at the privately owned complex. The current out-of-state owners
failed to keep up the property.

Tenants and neighbors in the well-to-do area have been complaining for months;
they cite peeling paint, windows falling out, lack of insulation, sewer backups
and birds in the walls, among many other problems. County building inspectors
found more than 1,500 violations this summer.

HUD has been planning to sell the property as soon as it fixes it up. But St.
Charles County officials are afraid that The Farm will once again be sold to
out-of-state owners and be managed by an out-of-state corporation.

Local officials are convinced that absentee landlords are to blame for the
deterioration of the complex. They hope local owners would be more responsible -
and easier for county building inspectors to pressure when repairs are needed.

HUD's own rules require it to offer its property to a local government before
trying to sell it to others, said Richard Grose, director of the Missouri
Housing Development Commission. His agency lent more than $ 5 million to build
The Farm 23 years ago. If HUD goes along with the county's proposal, the
commission would lend the money for a full-scale renovation of the project,
probably $ 5 million to $ 7 million.

County Executive Eugene Schwendemann said Wednesday that the county would ask
HUD if it could buy The Farm for $ 1. The county would immediately turn it over
to a local team of owners, also for $ 1. Schwendemann said the county would face
no financial risk in the process.

The team would be made up of a non-profit organization and a for-profit
enterprise, both of which would have experience in housing. Officials said they
would have a competition for such groups before assembling the team but refused
to speculate who might want to take on such a project. But several church-based
groups in the metropolitan area already help to run housing complexes for the
poor or elderly.

The money to repay the state's loan would come from rents, which Grose said
would have to rise. Because the tenants would be unable to pay significantly
more, HUD would have to boost its subsidy, said Grose. Unless HUD is willing to
do that, the project won't go through, he said.

HUD officials could not be reached for comment.

Grose said his agency and HUD would split the liability in case the new owners
were to default on the project.

About $ 4 million remains to be paid on the current mortgage. It could not be
determined Thursday who would be responsible for that.

Grose said spending more public money on the complex was cost-efficient.
Renovation would be cheaper than building new apartments for the 240-some
families living there.

"As long as we have very low-income people, it's a fact of life" that government
subsidies will pay for their housing, he said.

If a local ownership team can be found for the project, renovation would
probably get under way next spring, officials said. Although HUD also envisioned
starting then, County Building Inspector Dave Hammond said he doubted that the
federal agency could get under way with the renovation until next fall.

HUD had already brought in an architect and engineer to plan for the major
renovation. This planning would be used by any local owner to save time and
money, county officials hope.

Hammond reported that all of the emergency repairs at The Farm have been made.
The biggest problem was the electrical boxes separating from the exteriors.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by Robert C. Holt Jr./St. Charles Post - County officials
blame absentee ownership for the disrepair of apartment buildings at The Farm
complex off Kisker Road in southwest St. Charles County. County officials are
seeking a local owner for the complex.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              750 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 10, 2006 Thursday

Susquehanna Bank breaks into ag lending market

BYLINE: Patrick Burns

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Susquehanna Bank announced Wednesday it has established a new lending group to
serve Pennsylvania's $4 billion agriculture industry.

The new group will serve as a stand-alone unit, rather than be another component
of Susquehanna's existing commercial lending operations, said John H.
Montgomery, Susquehanna senior executive vice president.

Susquehanna's local competitors include Fulton Bank, which also operates a
stand-alone agricultural loan unit, and Farm Credit System and AgChoice,
national and local cooperative lending programs, Montgomery, said.

Still, Montgomery said Susquehanna believes the local market needs another
lender because many banks have moved away from this market or limited their
agricultural focus to providing "ad-hoc basic service."

"Susquehanna's agricultural lending group has developed its own specialized
lending policy and credit committee," Montgomery said. "There is a need in the
banking industry to encapsulate a core group that focuses on agriculture."

The division is made up of bankers who have experience in farm financing and
understand the financing needs in a "farm cycle," Montgomery said.

Because farming is a seasonal occupation, it lends itself to a boom and bust of
cash flows, with loan requirements drastically increasing during the sowing
season.

For example, farmers who receive livestock or poultry bank loans may not benefit
from a monthly pay-back plan if they receive no income until the end of a cycle,
when animals are slaughtered, Montgomery said.

Many banks began eliminating stand-alone agricultural lending divisions in the
1980s.

Wachovia Bank in 2003 divested its stand-alone agricultural lending program.
That year Fulton purchased $166 million in agricultural loans from Wachovia to
make it the state's largest agricultural lender and 12th largest in the nation.

AgChoice is a part of the nationwide Farm Credit System that has provided loans
to American agriculture for more than 80 years.

According to Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, Pennsylvania farmers and
agribusiness's generate $4 billion in cash receipts annually from production
agriculture.

When other services such as food processing, marketing, transportation and farm
equipment are included, the agricultural industry contributes almost $45 billion
to the state's economy.

"Agriculture is the largest industry in the country and a big part of the
counties we're in," Montgomery said. "We want to be a big part of that."

Headquartered in Lancaster, Susquehanna Bank is a $2.3 billion wholly owned
subsidiary of Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. Susquehanna Bank operates 55 retail
branches in Lancaster, York, Lycoming, Northumberland, Snyder and Union
counties.

The bank has hired Scott Hauseman to lead the new group as agricultural lending
sales manager. He has more than 15 years of agricultural experience and will be
based at the bank's headquarters on Manheim Pike.

Blaine Fessler, a 25-year veteran in agricultural lending, will serve as vice
president, agricultural lender.

Jay Hershey, a business banker with 15 years of agricultural lending and 16
years of farming experience, will head agricultural lending services in the
Lancaster/York markets and work with dairy farms in Lancaster and Lebanon
counties.

Hershey will be based in the bank's office in Intercourse.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              751 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Denver Post

                             July 29, 2005, Friday

Minorities, women, opening many new Colorado businesses, survey says

BYLINE: By Margaret Jackson

LENGTH: 461 words



When Veronica De La Torre moved to Denver in 1997, she left the bakery she owned
in Mexico -- but not the dream of some day having her own business again.

After saving money for eight years, De La Torre and her husband, Jaime Macias,
in April opened Panaderia Tapatia in Thornton.

The couple are among a rapidly growing number of ethnic minorities and women in
the United States who own their own businesses. And the rate at which minority
groups and women are diving into ownership far outpaces the national average,
according to a report released Thursday by the U.S. Census Bureau.

The number of U.S. businesses grew between 1997 and 2002 to 23 million, an
increase of 10 percent.

Of Colorado's 465,011 companies, 135,224 are owned by women. Hispanics own
24,054 companies, blacks own 7,067 companies, and Asians own 10,917 businesses,
according to the survey.

Since 2001, the U.S. Small Business Administration has nearly tripled its number
of loans to women starting businesses in Colorado and doubled the number of
loans to Hispanics, said Chris Chavez, a spokesman with the SBA regional office
in Denver. So far this year, the SBA has guaranteed 102 loans to Hispanics and
396 to women.

"Women still have issues in terms of access to capital and information," Chavez
said. "But as women become more involved in the business community, you're going
to see these numbers double again in the next two to five years."

After working 13 years for State Farm Insurance, Michelle Stefanon was ready to
try something new.

"State Farm is a great company, but not something I wanted to do for the rest of
my life," she said.

So she opened Amore Fiori Flowers & Gifts in Denver's Stapleton neighborhood.

Like De La Torre and Macias, Stefanon applied for a loan from the Colorado
Enterprise Fund, a nonprofit financial institution that helps entrepreneurs
start and expand small businesses.

The fund makes about 80 loans, totaling nearly $ 2 million, each year. Of those
loans, 52 percent go to women and 35 percent go to ethnic minorities.

"We definitely target those populations," said Ceyl Prinster, executive director
of the fund.

De La Torre and her husband -- who even sold their home in Aurora to raise money
to open their shop -- predict a bright financial future.

"We came to Colorado to have a better life and better opportunities," De La
Torre said.



-----

To see more of The Denver Post, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.denverpost.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Denver Post

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: DP-MINORITY-BIZ-20050729

JOURNAL-CODE: DP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 Denver Post


                              752 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              July 13, 2007 Friday

What's New? Million dollar showroom to open this fall

BYLINE: By Brook Stockberger Sun-News Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 648 words


LAS CRUCES   Have you noticed the building under construction on Amador Avenue,
just at the corner of Amador and Southgate? Well, the more than $1 million
project will be a new showroom for Morrison Supply, said Bill Bownds branch
manager for the company at it's Las Cruces facility at 291 S. 17 St.

Morrison Supply has more than 50 locations in New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma and
Louisiana. The company reports on its Web site   www.morsco.com   that it
distributes residential and commercial plumbing and air conditioning supplies,
pipes and valves. It also operates more than 30 residential plumbing showrooms
where customers can select from high-end faucets, fixtures and accessories.

Bownds said that the new showroom, which he hopes will be open in November,
gives the company much more showroom space in Las Cruces.

"It'll have 15,000 square feet doing what I have 800 square feet doing right
now," he said.

Just down Amador   on the other side of the road   from the new Morrison Supply
building, Ewing Irrigation has a new facility under construction.

Lacy Ravencraft, who works in public relations for Ewing, told me that "the new
facility will be 10,800 square feet, and is equipped with a classroom for
educational seminars that will be offered pertaining to various topics such as
irrigation troubleshooting, landscape lighting, etc."

She said that the projected opening date is Dec. 1, but that could change.

The company reports on its Web site that is has more than 160 branch locations
in 20 states. Its Las Cruces facility is located at 1820 W. Amador Ave.

According to its Web site   www.ewing1.com   the company offers landscape and
irrigation professionals a broad range of products. "All major brands of
irrigation products are stocked in our branch locations," the company reports.

Habitat for Humanity scheduled a grand opening event last week for its new
ReStore here in Las Cruces.

Across the nation, various chapters of Habitat for Humanity have opened these
stores. The locations sell building materials and products that have been
donated by businesses or individuals.

The profits from the sales are used to fund Habitat For Humanity.

The Mesilla Valley Habitat for Humanity ReStore opened its doors in June at 2301
S. Main St.

According to material provided by the group, the ReStore, "is a building
material reuse and surplus center open to the public ... Some of the (donated)
materials may be used to build Habitat homes. The rest will be sold to the
public at up to 75 percent off the retail price."

For those who do not know, Habitat for Humanity, "is a nonprofit, ecumenical
Christian housing ministry ... Habitat invites people of all backgrounds, races
and religions to build houses together in partnership with families in need."

The Mesilla Valley group was founded in 1987. It asks that donated materials be
new or gently-used building materials in good and usable condition as well as
new or like-new appliances, furnishings in good condition and/or cash gifts.

For more information, call 202-4508.

Do you want to be a farmer but fear you do not have the money to do so? The
United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency announced that it
is offering loans "designed to help farmers purchase and operate family farms,"
the agency announced last week.

According to a release from the USDA, these loans, known as Socially
Disadvantaged Applicant Loans, are part of an effort "to help reverse the
declining number of farmers and ranchers across the United States and to
encourage and assist them in owning and operating their own farms and ranches,"
according to a release.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA and include both farm operating and
farm ownership loans.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through FSA's Las Cruces
office. Call 522-8775 for information.

Brook Stockberger can be reached at bstockberger@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Peace Country Sun

                            December 23, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Banks invited to share details about farm lending program

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 734  words


Representatives from five major banks got to indulge in good-natured bragging
about their farm lending programs during a Senate agriculture committee session
on farmland ownership trends in Canada.

Bank of Montreal currently has the largest agriculture portfolio with $8.5
billion in farm loans. The Royal Bank is second at more than $6 billion,
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce is close to $6 billion, TD Canada Trust is in
the $5 billion range and Scotia-Bank is about $3.5 billion.

Adam Vervoort, National Manager of Agriculture for BMO, said his bank had edged
out RBC "slightly in terms of what we have outstanding to the agricultural
sector. It's clearly a high priority area for the Bank of Montreal. It has been
for many years and continues to be now."

Gwen Paddock, National Director, Agriculture and Resources Industries at RBC
said, said her bank's loans reflect the diversity of agriculture including "cash
crop, dairy, beef and some of the smaller niche markets.

It's good business for the bank, and it's an area where we want to grow."

Darryl Worsley, National Director of Agriculture, CIBC, said, "We're proud of
our agriculture business. We've been lending to farmers for over 150 years. We
view it as a strong business; it's important to CIBC. We lend to all different
sub sectors right across Canada. We view it as a growing business and one with
great opportunities."

Troy Packet, Vice President of TD Canada, said farm lending is very competitive.
"Every one of us would love to have more agriculture on our books. It's an area
of continued focus. Obviously, we want to grow market share right across the
country."

Janice Holzscherer, Vice President and National Head of Scotiabank, said
agriculture is extremely important to her company. "It's a key driver for all of
the major financial institutions."

Farm lending is "growing very quickly. It's been identified as a key market for
us going forward... Like everyone here, it's very important that we focus on
agriculture and do whatever we can to support the industry."

Their comments came in response to a questions from Senator Don Plett of
Manitoba following an outline of bank involvement in farm lending.

Alex Ciappara, Director of Credit Market and Economic Policy at the Canadian
Bankers Association, told the committee that "banks have $34 billion in loans
outstanding to Canadian farmers through operating and term loans as well as
mortgages representing about 37 per cent of the total agricultural financing
market."

Banks provide more than half of non mortgage loans and around 22 per cent of
mortgages to farmers.

Banks also provide a variety of services to assist farming operations of all
sizes, from cash management and deposit services, to trade and exporting
services.

The banks compete among themselves as well as with credit unions, financing and
leasing operations and Farm Credit Canada for the business of farmers, he said.
FCC "is a significant market dominant player with 27 per cent of the
agricultural financing marketplace and almost half of farm mortgage debt in the
country."

Ciappara added, "there are a number of factors influencing farmland prices in
Canada; historically low interest rates, relatively strong commodity prices, and
growing demand for urban land development are some of these factors."

Statistics Canada figures show that from 1991 to 2011, the average farm area
increased by about 30 per cent while the number of farm operators has decreased
by about 25 per cent."

Land now represents about twothirds of the value of all farm assets, up from 54
per cent in 2005.

"The evolution towards larger farm operations and an aging farm population are
contributors to increased interest in buying and selling farmland," he said.

"For farmers who have devoted a lifetime of hard work in their farm operations,
they view their farmland as an investment to support their retirement. Selling
farmland is a big decision for farmers who wish to retire.

"As farming continues to change, banks continue to adapt products and services
to meet their clients' needs," he pointed out.

"Banks have dedicated agricultural bankers who have the expertise and knowledge
to understand both the challenges and opportunities which are characteristic of
the sector. Banks make ongoing communication with their farming clients a
priority in order to ensure their needs are being met and to support them when
making financial decisions."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Peace Country Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                               February 07, 2014

The Comedian and the Fugitive's Money

BYLINE: Tileni Mongudhi

LENGTH: 624 words


NAMIBIAN comedian and businessman Lazarus Jacobs' relationship with United
States fugitive from justice Jacob (Kobi) Alexander is so close that Jacobs has
received millions of dollars in purported "soft loans".

The Namibian has evidence of the flow of money between the two despite Jacobs
denying he ever received any money from Alexander.

Jacobs, who is also the chairman of the Communications Regulatory Authority of
Namibia (CRAN), is a close friend of Prime Minister Hage Geingob and has links
to former President Sam Nujoma. He, however, described as "unfounded" any
suggestions that Alexander ingratiated himself with him for political cover.

Last week, Jacobs denied in email responses, that neither he nor his businesses
received any money from Alexander, other than "payments for advertising and
marketing services such as billboards and radio adverts that our advertising
agency [a Paragon subsidiary] provided to Kobi Alexander Enterprises".

Documents in The Namibian's possession contradict Jacobs' claims.

An affidavit purportedly signed by Jacobs states that he received a combined
N$6.7 million from Alexander. The document is dated 03 April, 2008 and signed by
Lazarus Nghumbilemo Jacobs. It was produced to support Alexander's request for
Namibian residency amid reports that he was a fugitive from justice in the US.

The Namibian has been told that the amount of money that has flown from
Alexander went beyond the N$10 million mark, but this could not be verified.

In the affidavit, Jacobs says that he has since 2006 "established a
professional, business and personal relationship," with Alexander and also
states that in 2007 he entered two business agreements with him.

One of the agreements dealt with purchasing a hunting farm which would be
jointly owned by the two men and the second agreement dealt with a loan advanced
by Alexander to Jacobs' company Paragon Investments. Jacobs co-owns Paragon
Investments with Desmond Amunyela.

Regarding the farm, Jacobs's affidavit states that he and Alexander agreed to
buy and operate a hunting farm (Okatunda) to be registered in the name of a
Close Corporation in which the two held equal members' interest.

The affidavit reads: "Mr Alexander paid the full purchase amount of N$3,75m,
half of which was advanced on my behalf. These monies were advanced on terms
more favourable than those offered by any financial institution at the time.

"Mr Alexander advanced a loan to Paragon Investments in the amount of N$3m to
purchase a business property," the affidavit also states. The loan to Paragon
was also advanced on "terms more favourable than those offered by any financial
institution at the time," said Jacobs in the affidavit.

The affidavit further states that half of that loan had been repaid
interest-free at the time the affidavit was written and that N$1,5 million
remained to be repaid.

When requested for clarity last week, Jacobs denied being business partners with
Alexander but admitted that they are friends. He also denied that Alexander
contributed N$3,7m towards the purchase of a farm. He said that he was the sole
owner of the said farm. He also flatly denied that Alexander pumped money into
Paragon Investments.

"I hope by 'receiving' you actually mean payment made for advertising and
marketing services such as billboards and radio adverts that our advertising
agency provided to Kobi Alexander Enterprises," Jacobs said in his emailed
response, adding that the adverts in question also appeared in The Namibian.

Alexander through his lawyer, Louis du Pisani, said "no comment".

The paper was also told that at some point Alexander considered suing Jacobs for
repayment of the money and ownership of the farm. Jacobs denied the allegation
stating it was "a blatant lie."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Farm loans surge in livestock area;
Falling demand has had impact on increase in applications.

BYLINE: ART HOVEY Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 763 words


Dry milk exports to Europe are drying up.

That's one of many contributing factors to a faltering livestock economy in
Nebraska. It's also a precursor to what a Federal Reserve economist describes as
the biggest national surge in requests for farm loans from the federal
government in 20 years.

"Demand has fallen off the table," said Brian Briggeman, who is based in Omaha
with the 10th District Federal Reserve Bank. "It's just not there for beef
products, for pork products."

It's the same story for dairy and poultry producers, Briggeman said.

"Corn and soybean farmers in Nebraska - really, they're OK. Things are certainly
uncertain and the times are definitely challenging. But it's not anything like
the livestock sector."

As consumers cut back on meat as a mainstay on their menus, the people at the
other end of the meat supply line are feeling the effects in what meatpackers
will pay them.

At the same time, livestock producers face higher feeding costs and such
curveballs as swine flu and bovine tuberculosis.

Briggeman offered his thoughts this week in the bank's Main Street Economist
analysis and expanded on them in an interview. He said small business owners
also are reporting challenges in getting loans.

Rich Barta said what's happening nationally definitely also is happening in one
of the nation's most prominent livestock states.

Approved applications for direct operating loans had reached almost $65.8
million in Nebraska by mid-June, said Barta, state farm loan chief in Lincoln
for the Farm Service Agency. That's up 72 percent from the same date last year,
although it also reflects an increase in the individual loan cap from $200,000
to $300,000.

Meanwhile, approved applications for farm ownership loans were at almost $33.7
million. That's up 28 percent.

"Our volume has certainly been up this year," he said. "And the economic
downturn last fall has had an impact in the Midwest in that some of the
commercial lenders have sent some of their customers to us for assistance and
substantially increased our loan volume."

Barta said the spurt in loan activity has cut into the agency's available
resources.

"We are experiencing some shortages of funding right now," he said. "But
Congress is working on a supplemental appropriation."

Economist Briggeman said he watches marketing trends to see how they match up
with loan numbers.

"And if you look across the board at livestock, it appears there's a huge
contraction in the livestock sector - culling of herds, downsizing, just trying
to get supply to meet demand."

A recent report by the Nebraska office of the National Agricultural Statistics
Service is a case in point. May placements in cattle feedlots in the state were
the lowest since 1998.

At the same time, Briggeman said, "lenders are going through a tightening,
deleveraging period, and things are just tough all the way around."

Asked whether the government lending numbers suggest some borrowers had fallen
out of favor rather quickly with private sector lenders, Briggeman called that
"a touchy subject."

What the numbers do say, from his view, is that "it's a very difficult time,
because it's not easy telling a borrower no, and it's not easy for a borrower to
come in and take a loan and not really know what's going to happen."

The Farm Service Agency often is referred to as "the lender of last resort"
because it takes on borrowers the private sector doesn't want to finance, either
not at all or at least not alone.

But Barta prefers to call his field staff, which includes offices in Beatrice,
York, Syracuse and 28 locations overall, "the lender of first opportunity."

That takes into account, for example, a new Beginning Farmer Downpayment Loan
program that offers money at 1.5 percent interest for up to 20 years.

"We want to give beginning farmers the first opportunity to get started
farming," he said, "and if an existing farmer is having difficulties, we want to
give him the first opportunity to recover."

He noted that Nebraska led the nation last year in total applications for
operating loans.

George Beattie, president of the Nebraska Bankers Association, said feedback
from his members does not suggest tighter private sector credit to rural
borrowers across the board. But he did acknowledge the possibility Nebraska
banks are looking to lend a bigger share of their money, at least in the
livestock sector, in partnership with the federal government through loan
guarantees.

"That lets the bank still be the lender in that relationship," Beattie said,
"and have a little less risk."

Reach Art Hovey at 473-7223 or ahovey@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs

LENGTH: 6021  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA):

Action

Final rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.
Dates

Effective: December 31, 2014.
For Further Information Contact

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
Supplementary Information
Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct
FOregular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in theFederal Registerand interested
persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking through
submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for
oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter relating to public
property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule without the
opportunity for comments.
Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in theFederal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in theFederal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in theFederal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as notsignificant
under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and, therefore,
OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural commodities,
Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
Regulatory Text
Part 761 Farm Loan Program General Program Administration

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart a General Provisions

1. Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2. In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
Part 762 Guaranteed Farm Loans

3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4. In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5. In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6. In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
Part 764 Direct Loan Making

7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

8. Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9. Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

10. Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicantmeets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11. Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12. In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through
(f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).
Part 765 Direct Loan Servicing Regular

13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

14. Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2012 Saturday

Aid programs available from farm officials

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


Oct. 13--AMBOY -- The sign-up period for the U.S. Farm Service Agency's
2011-crop year Supplemental Revenue Assistance Payments program opens Oct. 22.

SURE authorizes assistance to farmers and ranchers who suffered crop losses
caused by natural disasters occurring through Sept. 30, 2011. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's authority to operate the program ended on that date.
Production losses after Sept. 30, 2011, because of disasters are not eligible
for program coverage.

To be eligible for SURE, a farm or ranch must have:

n At least a 10 percent production loss on a crop of economic significance.

n A policy or plan of insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act or the
Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program for all economically significant
crops.

n Been physically located in a county declared a primary disaster county or
contiguous county by the Secretary of Agriculture under a Secretarial Disaster
Designation.

The deadline for signing up is June 7. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov/sure or the Lee
County FSA office at 319 S. Mason Ave., Amboy, for more information.

Changes made to farm loans

AMBOY -- Recent modifications have been made to the U.S. Farm Service Agency's
Emergency Loan program to speed up calculation of grazing losses in pasture for
livestock operations.

Producers will no longer have to wait until the end of the production cycle to
obtain a loan. The change is applicable for applicants in "Fast Track"
designated counties, that suffered from a drought intensity value of at least D2
(Drought-Severe) for 8 or more consecutive weeks, or D3 (Drought-Extreme) or
higher at any time during the growing season according to the U.S. Drought
Monitor. Visit droughtmonitor.unl.edu for more information about drought
ratings.

Emergency Loan funds could be used if an operation liquidates livestock due to a
lack of available feed. Loan funds can be used to cover lost income from animals
sold and lost income from offspring.

Other uses include pasture losses; crops planted for grain and later chopped for
use as silage; loss of nursery plants; losses in contact livestock, if the loss
of income can directly be attributed to the disaster; lost milk production;
losses to perennial crops, such as Christmas trees, and fruit or nut bearing
trees; and equine losses for applicants whose primary income is received from
breeding, raising, and selling  horses.

Call John Prange in Morrison at 815-772-2124, or Dave Peterson in Oregon at
815-732-6127, for more information.

Keep good records

AMBOY -- Farm Service Agency staff are encouraging livestock producers affected
by natural disasters to keep thorough records of livestock and feed losses.

Important information to track includes:

n Documentation of the number and kind of livestock that have died, supplemented
if possible by photographs or video records of ownership and losses.

n Dates of death supported by birth recordings or purchase receipts.

n Costs of transporting livestock to safer grounds or to move animals to new
pastures.

n Feed purchases if supplies or grazing pastures are destroyed.

The department's authority to operate five disaster assistance programs
authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill expired Sept. 30, 2011. The programs are SURE;
the Livestock Indemnity Program; the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honey
Bees, and Farm-Raised Fish; the Livestock Forage Disaster Program; and the Tree
Assistance Program (TAP). Currently, production losses from disasters occurring
after Sept. 30, 2011, are not eligible for disaster program coverage.

Producers should call their county FSA office and dial ext. 2 for more
information. In Whiteside County call, 815-772-2124; Lee County, 815-857-3621;
Ogle County, 815-732-6127; Bureau County, 815- 875-8732; and Mount Carroll,
815-244-8732.

Risk information updated

AMBOY -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Risk Management Agency recently
released an information update for farmers considering planting cover crops this
fall.

Producers in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan or Ohio wanting to insure a crop
planted in spring 2013 following a cover crop must stop haying or grazing the
cover crop by May 10, and terminate all cover crop growth at least 7 days before
the final planting date for the spring crop to be planted. Suggested crops
include corn, sweet corn, popcorn, hybrid seed corn, processing pumpkins,
soybeans, processing beans and grain sorghum.

In areas where a double-cropping practice is insurable, producers may be able to
insure soybeans, processing beans and grain sorghum without meeting the
requirements above. However, additional rules and higher premium rates apply.
Producers should contact their insurance agent for more information.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121013-YG-Aid-programs-available-from-farm-officials-1013-20121013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                              758 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Did You Receive a Postcard Like This?

LENGTH: 794  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 Our records indicate that your farm either crosses county boundaries or is
located in a county other than the FSA county office that administers your farm.





 For 2014 and 2015, you have a one-time opportunity to request that your ARC-CO
payment be calculated based on the physical location of the tract. We understand
for these years that the late passage of the Farm Bill might have made making
timely changes difficult.



 Please contact your local county FSA office by April 15, 2016, for more
details.



 For 2016 and future years, you continue to have the flexibility to request farm
record changes (including moving your records to another servicing county office
or dividing your farm) through August 1 of each year.



 Annual Crop Reporting to FSA



 Every year, the USDA Farm Service Agency asks the farmers and landowners to
report their planted acreages to maintain their eligibility for federal
benefits. Producers who are interested in participating in the 2016 USDA farm
programs or just want to keep their acreage history up to date need to report
the location, acreage, and planting date of the applicable crop.



 Spring Seeded Crops: All Spring planted crops that will be harvested in 2016
need to be reported to Jersey/Calhoun County FSA by July 15, 2016.



 CRP: CRP participants are also required to file an acreage report annually by
July 15, 2016 on the established covers and habitat to earn their annual rental
payment in October. Failure to file timely will delay the annual rental
payments.



 Youth Loans



 The Farm Service Agency makes loans to youth to establish and operate
agricultural income-producing projects in connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and
other agricultural groups.  Projects must be planned and operated with the help
of the organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and
provide the youth with practical business and educational experience.  The
maximum loan amount is $5000.



 Youth Loan Eligibility Requirements:



     Be a citizen of the United States (which includes Puerto Rico, the Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands)
or a legal resident alien

     Be 10 years to 20 years of age

     Comply with FSA's general eligibility requirements

     Be unable to get a loan from other sources

     Conduct a modest income-producing project in a supervised program of work
as outlined above



 Demonstrate capability of planning, managing and operating the project under
guidance and assistance from a project advisor.  The project supervisor must
recommend the youth loan applicant, along with providing adequate supervision.



 Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) Reminders



 The following regulations are applicable to ALL CRP contracts:



     do not plant an unauthorized crop such as an agricultural commodity on CRP
acreage;

     do not disturb the acreage during the primary nesting and brood-rearing
season for wildlife. In Illinois, this is April 15 through August 1. This also
is the period when mowing is not allowed;

     do not hay or graze CRP acreage;

     do not use the CRP area as a road, nor park, store or dump items on CRP
acreage. This includes old vehicles, equipment, trash and manure;

     do perform periodic management and maintenance activities as described in
the conservation plan of operation. These activities include the control of
pests, noxious weeds, and other undesirable vegetative growth (thorn trees,
briars, etc);

     do notify FSA immediately should control or shares of CRP contracts change.
This could be the result of a land sale, death of participant, or change in
ownership structure, such as from an individual to a trust.



 2016 Maintenance defaults and reductions:  To be released at a later date.



 For more advice on what is and is not permitted on CRP acres, please contact
our office in Jerseyville, IL at 618-498-6836 ex.2.



 County Committee Elections



 The election of responsible agricultural producers to FSA county committees is
important to ALL farmers and ranchers with large or small operations. It is
crucial that every eligible producer take part in this election because county
committees are a direct link between the farm community and the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.



 Committee members are a critical component of the day-to-day operations of FSA.
They help deliver FSA farm programs at the local level. Farmers who serve on
committees help decide the kind of programs their counties will offer. They work
to make FSA agricultural programs serve the needs of local producers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Public Opinion

                             March 29, 2005 Tuesday

LOANS HELP BUSINESSES CREATE MORE JOBS

BYLINE: JIM HOOK

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 374 words


By JIM HOOK

Senior writer

Manufacturers, a dairy farm and an ice cream shop in Franklin County will be
getting low-interest

loans to help them on their way.

The Franklin County Area Development Corp. (FCADC) recently announced $54
million in

projects that will add at least 20 new jobs to the local economy.

The largest project, a $3.3 million land purchase and 30,000-square-foot
expansion by CAM

Superline in the Wharf Road Industrial Park near Waynesboro, would add at least
eight people to

the payroll and preserve 48 jobs, according to FCADC president L. Michael Ross.

CAM Superline, owned by Lamar Lehman and Sandra Barrett equally, manufactures
construction

and dump trailers for resale through 150 dealers, primarily in the Northeast.

Olson and Olson Inc., a machine shop and cylinder manufacturer at 1101 Sheffler
Drive in

Chambersburg, is to spend $841,750 to acquire new machinery and equipment,
including a new

paint line. The project would create at least six jobs and retain 54. The
company, owned by Eric

and Jim Olson, serves original equipment manufacturers within 50 miles of
Franklin County.

Jay and Melissa Runyon will invest $452,200 to add 20 acres to the 80-acre dairy
farm, Brandy

Run Farm, they operate at 6657 McClays Mill Road in Lurgan Township. The
addition includes a

bank barn with 40 milking stalls, equipment shed, a pole feeder barn and a grain
storage building.

The Runyons also propose to construct a barn and a manure storage facility. The
project will

preserve the dairy.

Anthony J. Nori is investing $223,750 to purchase equipment and supplies to open
The Meadows

of Chambersburg, an ice cream shop at 1643 Lincoln Way East. The project will
create eight to

10 jobs within three years.

Other projects and the jobs they are expected to create:

PK Technology Group LLC, Chambersburg, $50,750 for renovations and working
capital, create

two jobs and retain four.

Gardens by Grace, Shippensburg, $20,750 for working capital, create one job and
retain one.

Tom Shockey Collision LLC, Waynesboro, $550,750 for real estate and equipment,
create two

jobs and retain five.

----------

Jim Hook can be reached at 262-4759, or jhook@pubop.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              July 5, 2004 Monday

Furnas County Farms sold

BYLINE: by Terry Brennan

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY; M and A

LENGTH: 438 words



HIGHLIGHT: A group of Nebraska hog farmers July 2 won approval to buy the
company out of bankruptcy for about $57 million in cash.


A group of Nebraska hog farmers on Friday, July 2, won approval to buy Furnas
County Farms out of bankruptcy for about $57 million in cash.

Judge Timothy Mahoney in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Nebraska in
Omaha okayed the uncontested sale to Nebraska Pork Partners, according to Steven
Weiss, interim manager at Furnas at Comprehensive Consulting Solutions LLC in
Mason City, Iowa.

Furnas is aiming to close the deal by early August despite plans by Nebraska's
Attorney General to review it to ensure it complies with the state's
anti-corporate ownership law.

"I doubt seriously that an investigation, if there is one, will conclude
anything other than that the deal is structured properly under the law since
they have nothing to hide," Weiss said. "The hearing was a non-event because
there were no objections."

Moves by Columbus, Neb.-based Furnas to sell its assets has created a quite a
stir over worries that would-be buyers would be turned away because of the
Cornhusker State's Initiative 300 anti-corporate law.

Furnas said in its May 3 filing that it feared that it might have to shut down
if a buyer did not step forward that met the stringent I-300 requirements.

I-300 allows a sale of a Nebraska agricultural business, but only if the buyers
are from the same family and the buying company already has operations in the
state.

The stalking-horse agreement with Nebraska Pork Partners required a fixed $32.5
million price and a variable component tied to the farm's inventory. The value
of the inventory at closing is expected to generate up to another $25 million in
proceeds.

The decision by the sole bidders to keep the identity of the owners secret
generated concern by parties that want ing to preserve the state's dwindling
small farmer base. Nebraska Attorney General Jon Bruning has agreed to monitor
the sale after Friends of the Constitution, a coalition of 21 groups, asked him
to do so.

The makeup of the ownership of Nebraska Pork Partners has never been disclosed.
Since no rival bidders stepped forward, a scheduled June 30 auction was
cancelled.

Nebraska Pork Partners would have been entitled to a $1.5 million break-up fee
if it was bested at the auction and bidding was due to start at $2 million.

Furnas, which is Nebraska's largest hog farmer and the 15th biggest in the U.S.,
filed after suffering $63 million in losses in 2003.

SunTrust Banks Inc. provided a $1.5 million debtor-in-possession loan.

James Overcash and Joseph Badami are debtor counsel in Lincoln, Neb., at Woods &
Aitken LLP.

David Dodgen has been shopping the assets at Humboldt, Iowa-based Growthland
Realty and Appraisal Co.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2004 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              761 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hour (Norwalk, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday

Farm Creek Preserve gets $155K boost

BYLINE: Robert Koch, The Hour, Norwalk, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


July 14--NORWALK -- Applause broke out at City Hall on Tuesday night after the
Norwalk Conservation Commission recommended using $155,000 in city open space
funds to complete the Norwalk Land Trust's purchase of a 2.25-acre parcel at 34
Sammis St.

The parcel, once owned, will complete the Land Trust's effort to create a
16-acre contiguous nature preserve along Farm Creek in Rowayton.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" said Pete Scull, a co-chairman of The
Campaign for Farm Creek Preserve. "Thank you very much for your accommodation."

More than a dozen members of Land Trust and Campaign for Farm Creek Preserve
applauded the commission recommendation.

The recommended allocation, now to be reviewed by the Common Council's Land Use
& Building Management Committee, comes as the Land Trust nears completion of its
multi-year fundraising effort to buy the former Hart Castle Property and create
the nature preserve.

In March 2008, the Land Trust bought the property with a $2 million down payment
and a $2 million loan, launching a $4.5 million fundraising campaign to pay off
the loan and interest.

The campaign now needs to raise $120,000 to pay off the loan and interest,
according to the Land Trust.

"We'll keep on with the fundraising, but it's just that we'd like to get the
monkey off of our backs and put an end to paying all the interest that we've had
to pay in addition to the value of the property," said Marny Smith, Land Trust
past president.

According to Smith, interest alone runs $85-a-day.

As part of the funding request, Smith gave commissioners an overview of the
history of the property, from the construction of 'Castle Venice' in 1907
through its ownership by the Hart family to the assembly of various parcels to
create the nature preserve.

The preserve is already in use. More than 400 Norwalk 6th graders, for instance,
have taken part in field trips to Farm Creek this spring, according to the Land
Trust. The preserve is open to the public; Smith and others invited people to
view the preserve.

D. Seeley Hubbard, commission vice chairman, recused himself from the discussion
and vote. He is president of the Land Trust.

The other commissioners recommended that the Common Council approve the use of
$155,000 in city open space funds to complete the purchase of the Sammis Street
parcel "subject to the contingency that should it be determined that $30,000 has
already been allocated from the open space fund ... that our recommendation will
be reduced accordingly by $30,000."

Commissioner Matthew A. Caputo said commissioners support the allocation, but he
added the contingency language to account for $30,000 in open space funds, which
two years ago were approved for Farm Creek but have not yet been released.

Donations and pledges include a $500,000 grant through the state Department of
Environmental Protection, $250,000 from the 6th Taxing District, and the $30,000
from the city.

As part of its private fundraising effort, Campaign for Farm Creek Preserve
would have to raise roughly $80,000 to pay of the loan and interest. That's
because the Peter and Ann Tombros Foundation pledged to contribute $1 for every
$2 raised by the Land Trust.

The foundation match, however, does not apply to public funds, according to
trust officials.

To see more of The Hour or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehour.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hour, Norwalk, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100714-NK-Farm-Creek-Preserve-gets-155K-boost-20100714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NK


                            Copyright 2010 The Hour


                              762 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               April 25, 1998, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Foreign banks the rule in N.Z.

BYLINE: James Daw TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 1181 words


   New Zealand sheep farmer Bill Garland has a lot to worry about these days,
but not his country's banks.

There are none to speak of.

While Canadians fret about the plans to have four of our biggest banks merge
into two, little New Zealand is awash with choice and bank competition - all of
it foreign.

When Garland and his wife, Sue, think about banks, they think about their loan
swelling after having paid off some debt last year.

The problem is that wool and lamb prices are low. Making matters worse, many of
their sheep are suffering. The couple works five days a week dipping dozens of
them in a zinc bath to slow the spread of a spore that can lead to liver
disease.

Garland is bothered that interest rates are too high and farm lending is
tightening up, but economic and tax policies are more to blame than the banks.

Many New Zealanders share our suspicion of bank service charges and profits.
Branches have closed, jobs have been lost. Complaints to the Banking Ombudsman
soared 30 per cent last year, to all of 489 complaints and 160 disputes.

What Garland doesn't even mention, though, is the fact that virtually all of New
Zealand's banks are foreign-owned.

The same situation could well develop in Canada if Ottawa were to allow outside
takeovers as an elixir to market concentration from the proposed megamergers.
After all, our southern neighbour dwarfs Canada in scope for giant mergers.

But this potential affront to national pride that our big banks cite as a reason
for getting bigger hardly registers as an issue among the 3.6 million Kiwis.

"Only people on the extreme left seem to be concerned and it's not a major media
thing over here," observed one prominent social activist who asked not to be
quoted by name.

"We are basically a trading nation that really depends on flows of capital
between countries," he added. "Access to money is important."

Sue Garland notes that foreign ownership is a bit of old news. "We've always
banked with the National Bank of New Zealand, which has always had a tie-up with
Lloyd's Bank of London," she said.

The couple could choose to use a unit of one of Australia's four largest banks,
which together control about 70 per cent of banking assets in their island
nation. A fifth, smaller bank is also Australian.

Other banks also compete for business, in a small way. Two banks out of the
United States and one Chinese (Hong Kong) bank arrived after a sweeping
deregulation of financial services in 1987.

The one local bank among the four major banks that existed in New Zealand before
1987 had been under government ownership since 1944. After three financial
bailouts, Australians were cajoled into buying it in 1992.

A former savings bank owned by the post office was sold earlier to Australians
in 1988. Eight former community trusts (something like credit unions) joined and
went public in 1994, but an Australian bank bought the company as a branch
operation in 1996.

Some day the nationality of ownership could change or the issue of concentration
could arise. Australia has said that it would permit foreigners to bid for its
big banks, and then permit the other three to jump into the bidding war.

New Zealand would then have to rule on whether the separate New Zealand
subsidiaries could be combined if two big Australian banks did merge.

"The combined bank might be forced to sell off one of the New Zealand
companies," said economist Anthony Byett of the ASB Bank, 75 per cent owned by
Commonwealth Bank of Australia.

Meanwhile, New Zealanders show no great concern about their banking sector being
overly concentrated, with the largest bank in New Zealand controlling about a
quarter of the market.

The New Zealand Commerce Commission has said it would not consider a bank with
less than 40 per cent market share to have a dominant market position.

David Tripe, a senior lecturer at the Centre for Banking Studies at Massey
University, said market concentration in New Zealand is similar to that of the
individual states in Australia.

But, until mid-1996, New Zealand home buyers paid a smaller interest-rate
premium over the banks' cost of funds than Australians paid.

"My view is that, as the number of banks comes down, they compete more fiercely
and that brings margins down," said Tripe of Massey University.

"At a certain point margins will rise, but it's hard to pinpoint where that line
is on the continuum," he added.

Tripe doubts the round of mergers proposed in Canada is likely to have any
impact on the prices paid for financial services. New foreign competition will
prevent excess profits.

Garland faults the banks as a group for funding inflationary speculation in the
Auckland housing market and the conversion of sheep farms to beef and forestry.

"That drives inflation, the Reserve Bank intervenes, we pay higher interest
rates, the dollar goes up . . . and the banks tighten up on lending," he said.
"The people it has cost the most are our exporters (such as farmers)."

But economists and monetary regulators say the banks are responding to demand
rather than driving it. The fallout for farmers can be blamed more on national
economic, tax and immigration policies.

At the moment Garland is earning between 7.5 and 8 per cent interest on
guaranteed savings instruments, and paying 13 per cent on his bank overdraft,
about 11 per cent for mortgages.

The Reserve Bank of New Zealand, which like the Bank of Canada administers
monetary policy, has stomped hard to control inflation, even though the rate is
down around 1 per cent.

The government's repayment of debt has led to steep tax cuts, while a surge in
immigration has fed the spiral of house prices.

Now the central bank is lecturing Kiwis about being poor savers. Small wonder,
though. There are no tax incentives for retirement savings, Garland notes. With
no taxes on capital gains, people plunge their money into real estate and
balloon property values.

"My best investment by miles is a cottage by the ocean," said Bill Garland. "It
has been running at about 30 per cent a year."

Tripe said the Reserve Bank has no trouble controlling the money supply with all
of the banks being foreign owned.

The government imposes taxes as it would on a local bank, said Byett of ASB
Bank. Banks must, however, be monitored to see whether they are transferring
profits home by over-paying for head-office services.

Oversight of the banks for financial solvency is left largely to their home
countries.

Subsidiaries and branches are required to maintain capital in New Zealand, and
make detailed financial disclosure to customers every quarter.

With no deposit insurance in New Zealand, customers are on their own. They are
also free to hate their foreign banks every bit as much as a home grown bank.

-------

Money Talk appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. James Daw can be reached at
Money Talk, Your Business, The Toronto Star, 1 Yonge St., Toronto Ont., M5E 1E6;
at (416) 869-4817; (416) 865-3630 by fax; or at jdaw @ thestar.ca by E-mail.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star file photo (RICK EGLINTON) FARM LOANS COSTLY: New Zealand sheep
farmer Bill Garland, pictured in 1996 on the local landscape with some of his
flock, doesn't blame high interest rates on the fact all the banks are
foreign-owned.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              763 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6284  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 250 (Wednesday, December 31, 2014)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 78689-78694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30172]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 79, No. 250 / Wednesday, December 31, 2014 /
Rules and Regulations

[[Page 78689]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 761, 762, 764, and 765

RIN 0560-AI29


Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) loan making and servicing regulations to reflect several changes
required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes
were implemented administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm
Bill; this rule makes conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

DATES: Effective: December 31, 2014.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202)
720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who require alternative means
for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should
contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to
farmers whose financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial
lenders. Through direct and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO),
Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation Loans (CL); direct Microloans
(ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land Contract (LC) guarantees,
FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in starting and
maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used to
pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital
improvements; refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland,
livestock, equipment, feed and other materials essential to farm
operations. FSA services extend beyond the typical loan by offering
farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to make their farm
successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit. Farmers with
direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit when
their financial condition will allow them to do so.
 In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to
$5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income
producing, agriculture related projects. The project must be of modest
size, educational and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers of America (FFA), or a
similar organization.
 Throughout this rule, any reference to ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes ``ranch'' or ``rancher'', respectively.
 This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several
provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan
making and servicing programs. More specifically, the changes:
 Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
 Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint
financing arrangement;
 Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
 Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made
under the downpayment program;
 Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
 Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive
future Government loans under certain circumstances;
 Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the
existing OL term limitations, and add a special ML interest rate
available to beginning and veteran farmers;
 Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
 Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically
the maximum owned acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help
protect natural resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement
these conservation measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO
and OL Programs that are targeted toward family and less financially
established farmers, eligibility requirements for the CL Program permit
FSA to provide assistance to applicants who may not be a family farmer
or are financially strong.
 Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e)
to increase the percent of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80
percent, and authorized a 90 percent guarantee for a qualified
beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer. Lenders will now be
able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.
 Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than
the typical 90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee.
Partially due to this lower percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs
have been extremely limited since guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be
used for conservation purposes.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent
of guarantee for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the
even higher 90 percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will
increase the use of CL guarantees used to implement conservation
practices, which benefit not only the farmer, but the environment as
well.

Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing)
arrangement are eligible for a special joint financing interest rate.
These loans require that a commercial lender or private party provide a
portion of the financing, such that the FO does not exceed 50 percent
of the total amount financed. FOs may be used to purchase a farm,
enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm structures, pay
closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and protection.
Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.
 Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that
are part of a joint financing arrangement. This joint financing
interest rate is the direct FO

[[Page 78690]]

regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.
 Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent
and has been since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint
financing interest rate of 5 percent has been higher than the direct FO
interest rate. As a result, there has been no financial incentive for
the farmer to finance a portion of the real estate purchase with
another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning or SDA farmer
who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest rate.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs
that are part of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest
rate for FOs made under a joint financing agreement will encourage
farmers to seek commercial lender financing, and therefore reduce FSA
financing of the farm to 50 percent or less. FSA expects to be able to
leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO funds, to assist an
even greater number of eligible family farmers.

Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal
property. Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA
loan making and servicing actions.
 Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that
in order for FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as
FO collateral, the products' value must be considered in the appraised
value of the real estate securing the loan.
 Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously
required that for FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be
included in the appraised value of the real estate security in order
for FSA to have a valid lien on those products. This rule removes this
mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7 and 765.252 for all future
FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014, the date of the
2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in oil,
gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether
the value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the
property. This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage
forms.

Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in
purchasing a farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO
loans and require participation by another lender, along with cash down
payment requirement of 5 percent.
 Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of
the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit
for downpayment FOs to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150;
however, section 305 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum
loan amount for each FO, including downpayment FOs, to $300,000.
 Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000
(45 percent of $500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited
to $300,000. This difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting
factor in many loan transactions, particularly as loan amounts have
increased due to rising farm real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR
764.203 to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FO loans to
$300,000.

YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10
to 20, to finance income producing and agricultural related projects.
The project must be modest in size, educational, and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in a 4-H Club, FFA,
or similar organization.
 Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency
requirement for YL. Eligible youth in suburban and urban areas will now
be eligible for YL.
 Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in
a rural area. FSA regulations further defined this as ``residing in a
rural area, city, or town with a population of 50,000 or fewer
people.'' The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to eliminate the rural
residency requirement for YL. The removal of this requirement now
allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban and
urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.

YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's
control, will no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional
loans from any U.S. Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL
debt forgiveness, or who are delinquent on a YL, will now be able to
receive student loans. The servicing and collection of YLs is not
affected by the statute and will continue under the present
regulations.
 Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to,
on a case by case basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the
borrower was unable to repay the loan due to circumstances beyond the
control of the borrower. The Secretary may also determine that the debt
forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of terrorism, or other
man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of damage
severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by
this section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining
eligibility of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that
agency.
 In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a
delinquent borrower be denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal
government to pay for educational expenses of the borrower. As a
practical matter, FSA has always provided debt forgiveness, in the form
of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on the same terms as any other
borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond the borrower's
control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the Agency
Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of ``debt forgiveness''
in 7 CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving
rise to the debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control, it will not be used in consideration of a FSA loan
application. As this is a mandate on the entire Federal Government with
particular emphasis on loans for educational expenses, FSA will also
make information regarding this change available to all YL borrowers
who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness
or while they are delinquent.
 With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the
Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April
26, 1996) requires that delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so
that centralized collection can be pursued through the Treasury Offset
Program and outside collection agencies. Section 373 of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers to only one debt
forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by the 2014
Farm Bill.

[[Page 78691]]

ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for
Beginning or Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique
financial operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of
family farm operations. ML offers more flexible access to credit for
these types of family farm operations, who often face limited financing
options.
 Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran
farmers from the direct OL term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm
Bill defines a ``veteran farmer or rancher'' as someone who has served
in the Armed Forces of the United States and who has not farmed, or has
farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to include
the definition of a veteran farmer.
 As previously mentioned, the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes the term ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' respectively. Therefore,
all references to the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' will also
respectively include ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' including the definition
of a ``veteran farmer.'' Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they
receive will count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014
Farm Bill also amended section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to
make available a special interest rate on ML equal to half the rate on
5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never less than 5 percent, to
beginning or veteran farmers.
 Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from
the OL term limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the
exclusion to include veteran farmers.
 In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular
OL rate or a limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to
add the 2014 Farm Bill special ML interest rate that will be at the
same rate as the limited resource OL rate, but will not be subject to
special servicing reviews by FSA since it will not be considered a
limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a veteran farmer
applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the direct
OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who
typically have fewer financial resources and limited options available
to finance their farming operation.

Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits.
Family farmers will no longer be restricted in the number of years they
can receive a guaranteed OL.
 Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit
for normal operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock
purchases, minor real estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance
debt. The repayment term may vary, but are never longer than 7 years.
OLs used to pay for normal operating expenses are set up as a line of
credit and are typically repaid within 12 months.
 Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15
years in which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers
who continued to have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and
had received 15 years of OL, were unable to receive additional
guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR 762.122 to eliminate all
guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will now be able to
obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide them
with access to credit on better rates and terms.

Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership
Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991) to change the owned real farm property limit
from 30 percent of the median farm acreage to 30 percent of the average
farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees loans to beginning farmers who
are unable to obtain financing from commercial lenders. Each fiscal
year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO and OL
funds to beginning farmers.
 Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the
loan applicant must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30
percent of the median farm acreage, except for an OL applicant.
According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, nationally the median size
farm is 80 acres, while the average size farm is 434 acres. The farm
acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a limit so low in
many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages of real
farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds
targeted to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change
the owned real farm property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based
on the average, will now allow many qualified applicants access to farm
loan funds targeted to beginning farmers, which previously were not
available to them.

Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)
requires that a notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the
Federal Register and interested persons be given an opportunity to
participate in the rulemaking through submission of written data,
views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation,
except when the rule involves a matter relating to public property,
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule
without the opportunity for comments.

Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before
rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule is required to be
published in the Federal Register, and the required publication of a
substantive rule is to be not less than 30 days before its effective
date. One of the exceptions is when the agency finds good cause for not
delaying the effective date. As noted above, the changes in this rule
are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed no discretion
in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after the
enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for
making this rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the
Federal Register. Therefore, this final rule is effective when
published in the Federal Register.

Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' and
Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review,''
direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits of available
regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select
regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential
economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive
impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance
of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.
 The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as
not

[[Page 78692]]

significant under Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and
Review,'' and, therefore, OMB was not required to review this final
rule.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-
612), as amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996 (SBREFA), generally require an agency to prepare a
regulatory flexibility analysis of any rule subject to the notice and
comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any other law, unless the
agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small
businesses according to the North American Industry Classification
System and the U. S. Small Business Administration. There is no
diversity in size of the entities affected by this rule, and the costs
to comply with it are the same for all entities.
 In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan
making and loan servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose
any additional cost to the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on
a substantial number of small entities.

Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a
manner consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA, 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council
on Environmental Quality (40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA
regulations for compliance with NEPA (7 CFR part 1940, subpart G). The
changes contained in the rule are all mandatory changes required by the
2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either in whether to
implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a
final rule to update the regulations to match the changes previously
implemented administratively with an agency directive in February 2014.
As such, FSA will not prepare an environmental assessment or
environmental impact statement for this regulatory action.

Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs,'' requires consultation with State and local officials. The
objectives of the Executive Order are to foster an intergovernmental
partnership and a strengthened Federalism, by relying on State and
local processes for State and local government coordination and review
of proposed Federal Financial assistance and direct Federal
development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part 3015,
subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities
within this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.

Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive
Order 12988, ``Civil Justice Reform.'' This rule will not preempt State
and local laws and regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable
conflict with this rule. Before any judicial action may be brought
concerning the provisions of this rule the administrative appeal
provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.

Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132,
``Federalism.'' The policies contained in this rule do not have any
substantial direct effect on States, the relationship between the
Federal government and the States, or the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not required.

Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of
Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian
Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies
to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government
basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,
legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy
statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or
more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.
 FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and
determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal
implications that require tribal consultation under Executive Order
13175. If a Tribe requests consultation, FSA will work with the USDA
Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is
provided where changes, additions, and modifications identified in this
rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.

Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L.
104-4) requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their
regulatory actions on State, local, or Tribal governments or the
private sector. Agencies generally must prepare a written statement,
including a cost benefit analysis, for final rule with Federal mandates
that may result in expenditures of $100 million or more in any 1 year
for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the
private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider
alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This rule
contains no Federal mandates under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private sector. Therefore,
this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of
UMRA.

Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any
changes to the currently information collection request of OMB control
numbers, 0560-0155, 0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and
0560-0230.

E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote
the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information
and services and other purposes.

Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found
in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule
would apply are: 10.099 Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans;
10.406 Farm Operating Loans; and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 761

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

[[Page 78693]]

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as
follows:

PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart A--General Provisions

0
1. Amend Sec. 761.2(b) as follows:
0
a. Amend the definition of ``Beginning farmer'' in paragraph (5) by
removing the word ``median'' each time it appears and adding the word
``average'' in its place;
0
b. Revise the definition of ``Debt forgiveness''; and
0
c. Add the definition of ``Veteran farmer'' in alphabetical order.
 The additions read as follows:


Sec. 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
* * * * *
 Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the
Act in a manner that results in a loss to the Agency.
 (1) Debt forgiveness may be through:
 (i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;
 (ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or
claim pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or
 (iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan
guaranteed by the Agency.
 (2) Debt forgiveness does not include:
 (i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;
 (ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a
discrimination complaint against the Agency;
 (iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;
 (iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a
loan; or
 (v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control.
 The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to
determine if the circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.
* * * * *
 Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as
defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--
 (1) has not operated a farm; or
 (2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.
* * * * *


Sec. 761.7 [Amended]

0
2. In Sec. 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).

PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS

0
3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.


Sec. 762.122 [Amended]

0
4. In Sec. 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs
(c) through (e) as (b) through (d).

0
5. In Sec. 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as
follows:
 The revision reads as follows:


Sec. 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed
90 percent based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both
before and after the transaction. The Agency will determine the
percentage of guarantee. See paragraph (b) of this section for
exceptions.
 (b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency
except:
 (1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:
 (i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an
Agency direct farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to
refinance a direct Agency loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee
will be provided; or
 (ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the
downpayment loan program; or
 (iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating
in the Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be
made during the period that a borrower has the down payment loan
outstanding; or
 (iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is
secured by one or more security instruments that are subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.
 (2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however,
the guarantee will be issued at 90 percent if:
 (i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or
 (ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.
 (c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP
lenders will not be less than 80 percent.
* * * * *


Sec. 762.130 [Amended]

0
6. In Sec. 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove ``75'' and add ``80 or 90'' in its
place.

PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING

0
7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

0
8. Revise Sec. 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the
amount of the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total
amount financed, the interest rate charged will be the greater of the
following:
 (i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each
Agency office, minus 2 percent; or
 (ii) 2.5 percent.
* * * * *

0
9. Revise Sec. 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7
CFR 761.8(a)(1)(i).
* * * * *

Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

0
10. Revise Sec. 764.252 to read as follows:


Sec. 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility
requirements established in Sec. 764.101.
 (b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have
received debt forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed
loan.
 (c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
receive direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living
expenses, provided that the applicant

[[Page 78694]]

meets all other applicable requirements under this part, if the
applicant:
 (1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;
 (2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan
under Chapter 11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or
 (3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after
April 4, 1996, resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-
designated emergency for the county or contiguous county in which the
applicant operates. Only applicants who were current on all existing
direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the beginning date of the
incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency and received
debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation of
such emergency meet this exception.
 (d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:
 (1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming
in the United States; and
 (2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm
is located.
 (e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
close an OL in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual
or as a member of an entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1)
through (4) of this section. The years may be consecutive or
nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number of OLs closed in a
year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran farmer are not
counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted toward this
limitation. The following exceptions apply:
 (1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who
will sign the promissory note is a beginning farmer.
 (2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by
one or more security instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an
Indian tribe, and commercial credit is generally not available to such
farm operations.
 (3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
has closed direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of
April 4, 1996, the applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3
additional years after that date.
 (4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL
term limits for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative
appeal, if the applicant:
 (i) Has a financially viable operation;
 (ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority
interest, applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and
were unable to obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed
loan; and
 (iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year,
borrower training. Previous waivers to the borrower training
requirements are not applicable under this paragraph.

0
11. Add Sec. 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning
farmer or veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML
borrowers in these groups have the option of choosing the ML OL
interest rate or the Direct OL interest rate in effect at the time of
approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the time of closing.
* * * * *


Sec. 764.302 [Amended]

0
12. In Sec. 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs
(e) through (f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).

PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR

0
13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

0
14. Revise Sec. 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:


Sec. 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014,
and loans other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from
December 23, 1985, to November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights
must have been included in the original appraisal in order for the
Agency to obtain a security interest in any oil, gas, and other mineral
associated with the real estate security.
* * * * *

Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 19, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

The Foreclosure Flood;
Massive Holdings a Major Challenge to Federal Agencies

BYLINE: Kirstin Downey, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE H1

LENGTH: 1803 words


Picture 1.3 million acres of rolling farmland -- an area only slightly smaller
than the State of Delaware.

That is the vast amount of land held in thousands of separate parcels by the
Farmers Home Administration, after years of record foreclosures on farmers who
could no longer make payments on their government-insured loans.

Imagine a small city of 90,000 homes, street after street, block after block.
That many houses are now the property of the Veterans Administration and the
Department of Housing and Urban Development, which foreclosed on the delinquent
mortgage holders.

Around the country, well over 100,000 houses, apartment buildings, office
towers, hotels and farms have fallen into the government's hands because of a
huge toll of foreclosures in the 1980s. Two government-created agencies that buy
and sell mortgages, the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae and
the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac), hold about 12,500 homes. The
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., which insures banks, is holding $ 2.3 billion
in real estate-related assets, including at least 3,846 properties it owns
outright, as well as others on which it holds defaulted loans.

And the FDIC's problems are dwarfed by those of the Federal Savings and Loan
Insurance Corp., which insures savings and loan associations, and takes on
troubled real estate when its member institutions falter. A FSLIC spokesman said
the agency controls about 5,000 properties worth an estimated $ 5 billion, with
an additional $ 754 million in loans moving toward foreclosure now.

The immense and growing inventory has many causes -- the hyper-inflation of the
late 1970s that triggered a binge of overbuilding and farmland purchases; the
severe 1982-83 recession; the precipitous drop in energy prices; the woes of the
savings and loan industry; and a flip-flop in federal tax law that at first
stimulated speculative purchases of real estate for investment purposes and then
withdrew much of the tax advantages underlying the investments.

Today, nine over-extended federal agencies are struggling to manage and resell
the foreclosed properties.

"It's massive," said economist Michael Sumichrast, publisher of Real Estate
Perspectives, who called the volume of foreclosed real estate unprecedented in
U.S. history. "It's the highest it has ever been."

"It's beyond anything the country has experienced since the Great Depression of
1933," said Martin Pearlman, a Dallas-based developer and asset manager.

Paradoxically, however, this stock of government-owned property offers new hope
to people who now can afford to buy houses and farms thanks to the low
downpayments on the properties. In Denver recently, thousands of homes were
listed for sale by HUD, with about a dozen condominiums and townhouses available
for as low as $ 100 down.

The sale of foreclosed agricultural property at reduced prices will make farming
a viable enterprise for many more families, said Gene Severens, staff attorney
for the Walthill, Neb.-based Center for Rural Affairs. "We regard this is the
largest single redistribution of farm land since the Homestead Act of 1864,"
Severens said.

Handled well, the foreclosed properties could provide a dividend to the
Treasury. Mishandled, however, as some real estate experts charge is happening,
the sale of the properties may generate heavy losses, adding significantly to
the budget deficit for years to come.

"It's something that has to be dealt with," said Kent W. Colton, executive vice
president of the National Association of Home Builders. "The key is to make sure
we don't panic."

Estimates of the total amount of the foreclosed property range from $ 50 billion
to as much as $ 100 billion, based upon recorded loan values. Many properties
now in government hands are worth considerably less than the loan values,
however, because of declining real estate prices in hard-hit regions like the
Southwest.

"It's a monster," said Jim Gall, president of the Miami-based Auction Company of
America. "Billions upon billions of dollars worth of properties are being
stockpiled by the government."

The true worth of the government's inventory is anybody's guess. A recent study
by the General Accounting Office found faulty appraisals, which are the measures
of a property's worth, prevalent in almost all of a group of 26 failed S&Ls it
studied.

To make matters worse, FSLIC's burden is certain to grow in the next few years
as the federal government takes control of between 500 and 1,000 -- additional
ailing savings and loan associations -- resulting in many more troubled
properties shifting to government ownership.

Foreclosed properties have cropped up everywhere, although the bulk of them are
located in about a dozen farm belt and oil-producing states.

"Texas is sick, Louisiana is on its deathbed, Arkansas is a mess, large portions
of Florida have problems, and so does the Farm Belt," said Henry Lorber,
Atlanta-region portfolio manager for the Federal Asset and Disposition
Association, which is charged with managing and selling a large portion of the
properties held by FSLIC. Alaska, Colorado, Oklahoma and Wyoming also contain
many foreclosed properties.

The Washington area has been relatively immune from foreclosures, mostly because
of rising property values and job growth, except for cases involving loan fraud
in the 1982-1986 period. In addition, homes lost to foreclosure in this area
generally sell quickly because housing demand is high.




It is a daunting mess for federal agencies to handle. At the Department of
Veterans Affairs, for example, the backlog of newly foreclosed properties rose
70 percent between 1984 and 1988, to 39,000. But the staff -- which must keep
track of properties and ultimately sell or dispose of them -- grew by only 15
percent.

VA employees "are doing the best they can, but they have trouble even answering
the phone," said Brooke Marston, a real estate broker in Anchorage, Alaska, who
specializes in foreclosed properties. "They don't have the staff."

Real estate brokers nationwide report that offers to buy properties and requests
for information on properties for sale sometimes go unacknowledged for months at
many government agencies.

At a recent builders' seminar in Atlanta, Lawrence Treby, vice president of the
Hollywood, Fla.-based Greenman Group, spoke of the federal agencies'
difficulties. "[Start with] a shortage of competent personnel, and add to it the
Congress looking over everybody's shoulders third-guessing everything they do. I
would tell you if you don't have a great deal of patience, a great deal of money
or a great deal of time, go somewhere else."

But in some cases, officials are damned by critics no matter what they do. While
many real estate experts complain government agencies aren't moving fast enough
to sell properties, other observers skewer them for doing too much too quickly.

HUD was one such target. Its officials argued that the large-scale auctions
allowed them to quickly extricate themselves from real estate markets where
prices were continuing to fall. Real estate brokers, who are bypassed by the
market when HUD turns to auctioneers, disagreed, saying that mass sales depress
real estate prices in specific communities. Advocates for the homeless spoke up
as well, saying that empty homes should be turned over to those who need them
rather than letting them sit vacant or selling them to investors.

Consequently, since last summer, HUD has stopped holding real estate auctions.
And as HUD officials predicted, prices have continued to fall in many cities: In
Denver, for example, the median housing price fell about 8 percent from
fourth-quarter 1987 to fourth-quarter 1988. In Houston, it dropped almost 10
percent and in New Orleans, it dropped 4.6 percent.

The Farmers Home Administration has also been forced to move slowly in disposing
of real estate. In 1983, farm-advocacy groups charged that government officials
were illegally violating borrowers' rights by foreclosing on certain farmers who
were unable to make loan payments. A North Dakota judge ruled in the farmers'
favor, and the FmHA was barred for five years from foreclosure action relating
to about 80,000 farms. About 81 percent of the borrowers had been delinquent on
their loans for three years or more.

But quick action to sell land could prove perilous, many real estate experts
argue. In some regions of the country, the federal government is now a major
landholder, which means that its actions can have a widespread impact. For that
reason, these experts advocate a slow and cautious response to the problem. If
the federal government were to push for quick sales, land values could fall even
further, inciting even more homeowners and investors to walk away from their
loans, which would leave lenders and governmental agencies bearing an even
heavier burden.

For that reason, they advocate what Colton of the home builders' association
calls a "patient inventory" approach, with property sales proceeding slowly and
judiciously.

"Philosophically and strategically, the government is not a place where
cold-blooded real estate transactions can occur," said Treby.

There appear to be some glimmer of hope, however. In some areas, real estate
problems appear to have crested and may even be subsiding.

Market conditions in parts of Texas are improving, for example. In Houston, the
number of posted home foreclosures fell to 33,647 in 1988 from a peak of 50,328
in 1987, according to the Foreclosure Listing Service there, and the decline is
continuing in 1989.

Farmland prices are rising as well. Iowa land prices rose more than 20 percent
in 1988, according to the Federal Reserve. Similarly, prices in Illinois, are up
10 percent, Missouri, Kansas and Nebraska are up 9 percent and western ranchland
prices between Wyoming and New Mexico has risen 12 percent.

Fannie Mae, a federally chartered public corporation, has substantially whittled
down its stock of foreclosures by requiring 24-hour notice of foreclosures from
lenders, quickly ordering repairs and improvements and putting properties on the
market within 20 to 30 days after taking possession. These efforts are paying
off: Its inventory of foreclosed homes has declined from 9,500 last year at this
time to 7,400 now.

HUD and VA also report that their volumes are declining from earlier peaks,
although they remain at near-record levels.

ed."


The greatest remaining fear is a recession or continued increases in interest
rates, which could greatly increase the government-insured properties at risk of
default. "Clearly there's a potential for escalation in all this," Colton said.
"If [the situation] is mismanaged, it could be a disaster. The way we manage the
inventory is the key."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, 3019 HIGH STREET, DENVER-THIS PROPERTY'S MORTGAGE COST
HUD $44,585; IT'S NOW LISTED FOR $27,100. JOE CIARDIELLO FOR TWPPH; PHOTO, TWP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              765 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 14, 1981, Wednesday, Final Edition

New Study Finds Small Farms Hurt by Many Federal Policies

BYLINE: By Dan Morgan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A12

LENGTH: 969 words


A $1 million, two-year study of American agriculture by the Carter
administration has concluded that dozens of longstanding government policies
aimed at helping farmers actually have bastened the trent toward bigger and
fewer farms and jeopardized the future of family ownership.

The study, produced by a task force at the Department of Agriculture, was
described by officials as the most extensive study of U.S. farming since World
War II.  It recommends the "modification" of current policies on taxation, farm
credit, commodity price supports, federally supported agricultural research,
trade and conservation.

The report is openly critical of subsidies for producing gasohol from grain and
other organic materials -- a program supported by the Carter administration --
on grounds that such a plan "has gret potential for distoring the efficient use
of scarce resources [and] adding to households' food budgets."

At the same time, the report calls for an end to most federal subsidies and
income support for the largest farmers -- the 2.4 percent with sales over
$200,000 a year who account for 39.4 percent of U.S. food production.

It also urges a sweeping reexamination of tax provisions and farm credit
procedures that have encouraged land speculation, expansion of landholdings, and
the bidding up of land prices by outside investors who can take advantage of
capital gains provisions and tax shelters in farming.

Instead of these treaditional supports and preferences, a new set of policies is
needed to help the 53.2 percent of the farmers whose sales are between $5,000
and $200,000 a year, the report said.  This group produces 56.6 percent of the
nation's food, but its interests differ markedly from those of the large
farmers, the study found.

Agriculture Secretary Bob Bergland, who says he has not yet found a new job,
said at a news conference yesterday that he would like to work toward getting
the recommendations carried out after he leaves office next Tuesday.

"If we don't change our programs, we're going to see small and medium farmers go
out of business.  People might say, 'So what?' Well, the question should be
debated whether 1,000 farmers are enough.  Was Jefferson right when he argued
for as wide a distribution of land ownership as possible?" Bergland said.

Bergland's successor is John R. Block, whose 3,000 acres of prime Illinois
farmland make him one of the nation's largest and richest farmers and a
beneficiary of the trends that Bergland wants slowed.  (Bergland's own Minnesota
farm is 600 acres.)

Republican farm policy generally has stressed increasing "efficiency" and farm
exports and has tended to accept the changes in the structure of farm ownership
in American as inevitable.

However, the Bergland concern about the impact of farm subsidies is mirrored to
some degree in a report produced by the conservative Heritage Foundation for the
incoming Reagan adminstration.

These concerns are based on exhaustive research that included taking testimony
from hundreds of farmers around the country.

In addition to confirming the notion that fewer and fewer wealthy farmers
produce more and more of the nation's food, the Agriculture Department study
produced some findings that surprised some farm experts.  For example;

About one third of all farmland is owned by landlords, many of them absentees,
who rent it to farmers.  In this case, the benefits of rising land prices and
tax concessions go to individuals outside the farming sector.

Contrary to widespread opinion, the income of families living on the tiniest
farms is about the same as the ncome of families living on much larger ones, up
to about $40,000 a year in annual sales.  This is because outside jobs have
become a major source of income for farm families.  Thus, the availability of
jobs, not a shortfall of farm income, is the most serious economic problem for
small farmers.

Farms get more efficient as they increase in size and their sales of farm
products grow.  But the efficiency gains level off once farms reach an average
$160,000 in sales.  Therefor, the study argues, there is no benefit to consumers
or taxpayers from government subsidies encouraging still further growth.

There may have been too much rather than too little credit available to
agriculture in the last few years.  Therefore, the loans made by the
government's farm credit system "might have contributed to inefficient resource
allocation, inflation in land values, and further concentration of production
and landownership."

The major problem facing medium and small farmers, the department's study
concludes, is the steep rise in real estate prices, which increasingly puts
farmland out of the reach of younger operators.

This trend is being driven by domestic inflation as well as by global
developments.  From the stability and relatively low prices of the 1950s and
1960s, U.S. farming has moved to extreme instability and higher farm incomes
that larger, better financed operators are best able to exploit.

In 1950, exports accounted for less than one acre out of five planted.  Today
that is up to one out of every 3.5 acres planted.  The United States now
supplies 11 percent of all the food consumed abroad -- equivalent to the
contribution made to world energy supplies by the oil of the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries.

Bergland said yesterday that America's efforts to supply rising foreign demand
have contributed to escalating land prices and to soil erosion.  "The fact is we
don't have a carefully thought through trading policy," he said.  "The question
can be raised whether it makes sense to grow corn in western Iowa for sale
abroad when the soil is being eroded down the [mississippi] River.  The answer
is no, it doesn't."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, Farm Size & Food Production; Maps 1 and 2, Agricultural
Counties, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              766 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 17, 1986

2 Big Mergers Called Off

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Guaranty Federal Savings and Loan Association, Dallas, and Farm & Home Savings
Association, Nevada, Mo. have dropped plans to merge.

Elsewhere, Citizens Financial Group, a Providence, R.I., thrift holding company,
dropped its bid to acquire Capital Bancorp., Boston, a commercial bank holding
company.

In a brief announcement Guaranty said it was terminating its offer to pay $
214.3 million for the $ 2.8 billion Farm & Home.

The agreement between the companies mandated calling the merger off unless

Guaranty met a number of conditions.

"In effect the contract was an option that either party could cancel," one
observer said.

John Oros, vice president of Goldman, Sachs & Co., who represented Farm & Home
in the negotiations, said the firm will continue to look for potential buyers
for the thrift.

Sources said the $ 31 per share price that Guaranty had offered for Farm & Home
would be difficult to duplicate in the market.

Farm & Home, which earned $ 1.95 per share last year, has been trading at $
19.50, which at 10 times earnings is well above the average for thrifts.

However, other observers said that the S&L has not yet been restructured and a
buyer would have the potential benefits of restructuring.

Farm & Home converted from mutual to stock in 1983.

It has a substantial Texas branch system.  Its presence in Texas would have
enabled the merger to be on an intrastate basis.  Guaranty was acquired by
Pacific Realty Corp., which is owned by apartment developer Paul Chang, in a
transaction negotiated by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp.

The purchase was accomplished through a pledge of real estate as an infusion of
capital for the S&L

Guaranty has grown from about $ 300 million when Pacific took over to $ 1.7
billion.

However, problems in the Texas apartment market have raised some questions
concerning the continuing value of the investor notes which Pacific Realty
pledged as capital of the S&L.

The developer builds apartments and sells them to syndicators, taking back
notes.

It is understood that in many of the deals, Pacific guarantees the performance
of the apartment projects.

Last year the Federal Home Loan Bank Board issued a regulation restricting the
use of debt in acquisitions of thrifts.

The Guaranty bid for Farm & Home was viewed by many observers as a target of
that curb on leveraged buyouts.

It is understood that Guaranty planned to sell a number of branches to Orange
(Tex.) Savings & Loan Association to raise funds for the Nevada, Mo.,
acquisition.

That proposed sale has not materialized.

The audited statements for Guaranty Savings fiscal year ended June 30, 1985 have
not yet been completed.

Guaranty, it is understood, needed more time to file an application for merger
with the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and rather than face the additional delay,
the parties agreed to terminate their contract.

Citizens Financial had agreed last November to acquire Capitol for $ 40.75 a
share, or $ 80 million.

George Graboys, Citizen's president, said "both parties concluded that the
anticipated advantages of the merger to each party would not be realized." He
declined to comment further.

If the deal had been completed it would have been the first time a stock thrift
purchased a commercial bank.

The two companies cited a 1984 Federal Reserve Board ruling that allowed a bank
holding company to acquire a state chartered stock thrift.

Also, state laws in Rhode Island and Massachusetts permit cross ownership of
banks and thrifts and allow mergers and acquisitions between both states.

Industry analysts feel that a thrift/commercial bank combination could be
profitable in many cases because the institutions experience their best earnings
at different times.

The combination also provides a way for savings banks to diversify portfolios
from consumers and housing and for commercial banks to expand their retail
business.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              767 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 20, 2006 Wednesday

Group buys cheese business

BYLINE: David Winters, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Dec. 20--HEUVELTON -- A group of Amish farmers has purchased the Heritage Cheese
House, giving them a market to continue selling their milk while producing
award-winning cheese products.

The Heritage Cheese House Ltd., Heuvelton, sold 5.97 acres on Route 812 to
Michael J. Davis, Larry Kring and Allen D. Martin, trustees for the Heuvelton
Community Irrevocable Trust for $290,000 on Dec. 15, according to the St.
Lawrence County Clerk's office. The plant's equipment and inventory were also
bought for around $100,000, trustees said.

"It is benefiting the Amish community because they have a place to sell their
milk and it allows people to work at the plant," plant manager Lindsay S. Bogart
said.

Several upgrades to the plant are planned, including the installation of a
cooler and milk chiller and selling more Amish products in its store. More Amish
farmers now want to sell their milk to the plant.

"They know there's more of a market to go out and capture," Mr. Davis said. "But
it is really going well for them."

The company, then owned by David H. O'Neil Jr., suspended milk pickups to 95
Amish farms and cheese production in early July because it wasn't getting enough
money for the cheese on the retail market to stay competitive. The company
resumed production about a month later when significant progress was made with
Amish farmers pursing ownership of the plant.

The Amish can have ownership of the plant through a trust fund, but they can't
operate it because it violates their religious beliefs. Non-Amish, or English,
will be running the plant for them.

"They feel they have a more vested interest in the plant now," said Brent A.
Buchanan, dairy expert with Cornell Cooperative Extension of St. Lawrence
County.

Hammond resident Allan P. Newell offered the trust a loan to fund the purchase
of the plant, trustees said. The Amish had raised an undisclosed amount before
the offer.

"He didn't want to see this way of life and its principles leave the area," Mr.
Davis said. "The Amish will repay the mortgage over time."

Amish farmers have limited options when it comes to selling their milk. They
store their milk in cans rather than modern refrigerated bulk tanks. Most milk
plants refuse to take canned milk because it is difficult to ensure that the
cans are up to sanitary standards, and cans are unwieldy and involve heavy
manual labor.

The Amish are a religious group that favors a simple agricultural life without
such modern amenities as electricity, cars or plumbing.

Heritage Cheese was founded in 1994 after farmers were dropped by Plumbrook
Amish Farms, a Norfolk cheesemaker. The Heritage plant was built the same year
on the site of the former Hotel Denny on Route 812 and has 10 full-time and two
part-time employees.

The Amish milk is used to produce cheese curd, cheddar, Colby and Monterey Jack
at the plant.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2006, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20061220-WE-CHEESE-20061220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2006 Watertown Daily Times


                              768 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 20, 1990, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

MONSANTO STOCK NEARS EARLIER LEVEL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 840 words


Monsanto Co.'s stock rose $2.87 1/2 a share Monday, helping it recover nearly
all of the value lost last Wednesday when the company said first-quarter
earnings would be lower than Wall Street estimates and below profits for the
first three months of 1989.  On the day of the company's announcement on
earnings, its stock fell to $104.50 from $109.87 1/2 a share. But the stock has
risen every day since then, and it closed Monday at $109.12 1/2 a share.
HEADLINE: Mercantile Adds 'Fingertip Loans' Mercantile Bank says it will allow
customers to apply for loans over the telephone. Most customers will get a
decision during the phone conversation, the bank said.  The service, called
''Fingertip Loan,'' will be available for most consumer loans, including auto,
boat, home improvement and personal loans.  A computer link between the loan
officer and credit bureaus lets the officer make a decision within 15 minutes.
The customer can usually sign papers and collect the loan the next day, the bank
said.  HEADLINE: Jet Part From New Process Tested McDonnell Douglas Corp. on
Monday conducted the first flight test of an aluminum-lithium aircraft part made
in a special ''superplastics'' forming process that uses high temperatures and
high pressure. The alloy is 10 percent lighter than regular aluminum. The
company expects to use aluminum-lithium in building its combat aircraft.
HEADLINE: Legislator Buys Stockmann Lumber Stockmann Lumber Co., 3761 Bates
Street, has been sold to John E. Scott. The company has been renamed Southwest
Building Center Inc. Most employees have been retained.  The Stockmanns owned
the business since 1931. Scott, a state senator from St. Louis, also owns
Southwest Lumber Co., 2700 Brannon Avenue, which he bought in 1982.  MISSOURI
HEADLINE: Newspaper Switching To Mornings SOURCE: By The Associated Press CAPE
GIRARDEAU (AP) - The Southeast Missourian, which has been an afternoon newspaper
since its founding in 1904, will convert to morning circulation on June 4.  The
decision to switch follows months of study and a national trend away from
afternoon deliveries, Publisher Gary Rust said in Sunday's paper.  The Southeast
Missourian, which publishes Monday through Friday and Sunday morning, has a
daily circulation of 17,000 and a Sunday circulation of 21,700.  NATIONAL
HEADLINE: Ford Recalls Tempo, Topaz Cars SOURCE: By The Associated Press
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) - Ford Motor Co. on Monday recalled about 60,000 1990-model
Ford Tempo and Mercury Topaz compact cars to replace an engine cooling fan.  The
company said in a news release that some fans on the cars equipped with
2.3-liter engines may rub against the fan shroud and overheat. If the fan
doesn't work, the engine could overheat.  HEADLINE: AT&T Plans Discounts By Area
Code NEW YORK - AT&T said Monday it will offer a long-distance plan to let
customers save money on calls to their favorite out-of-state area code.
Customers of the plan, called SelectSaver, will pay $1.90 a month, plus lower
per-minute prices on all direct-dialed calls to the area code of their choice,
the company said.  SOURCE: 1990, Reuters News Service

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              769 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                      September 22, 1995 Friday 0 Edition

Partner sought in Exicom deal

BYLINE: SALLY JACKSON

LENGTH: 347 words


THE North American consortium chosen to recapitalise Exicom Ltd was seeking a
local equity partner in order to maximise its Australian ownership, Exicom's
chairman, Mr Barry Capp, said yesterday.He said the proposed $30 million
investment would be a combination of equity and loans. The exact mix would not
be determined until the companies that comprised the consortium, Canadian
Simmonds Communications Ltd and New York investment group Zilkha & Co, finished
their six weeks of due diligence on October 20."The clear intention of the
consortium, whether or not they find another Australian partner, is to maintain
Exicom as a listed company operating with Australian management and with
majority Australian ownership," he said.Earlier this month, Exicom's 19 per cent
shareholder, Futuris Corp Ltd, criticised the Simmonds-Zilkha plan for not being
detailed enough and said the transaction would transfer control of Exicom
overseas.Exicom has gone to court in an attempt to force Futuris to divest its
stake.The Australian Securities Commission is also looking into dealings in
Exicom's securities between August 21-30, the period in which Futuris obtained
its shares.Managing director Mr Steve Newman said as far as he was aware the
inquiry had not been extended to include the entire recapitalisation deal and
Exicom's handling of price-sensitive information.These matters have been
referred to the ASC by Futuris, which has also requisitioned a meeting of Exicom
shareholders to vote on its own recapitalisation proposal and press its claim
for three board seats. Mr Capp said Futuris's actions had undermined Exicom's
strategic direction and could diminish shareholder value.He refuted any
speculation the company's future was in doubt."Exicom is continuing to trade
profitably since reversing its losses six months ago and we are confident this
trend will continue," he said.Mr Newman said the alliance would increase the
company's access to global markets. "It's too early to tell (how much)
additional business it will bring but it will be substantial," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              770 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 19, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

EL SALVADOR TO GET $45 MILLION IN LOANS

BYLINE: By JUAN de ONIS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 6; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 18


The Inter-American Development Bank approved $45.4 million in loans to El
Salvador today for peasant cooperatives as part of a plan designed to combat
rural guerrilla violence.

The low-interest loans, which have a term of 40 years, are to pay for the import
of machinery, fertilizer and other items needed to produce coffee, cotton and
sugar on 244 plantations that were expropriated last March under a land
redistribution plan affecting 200,000 peasant families.

In El Salvador, a country of 5 million people, pressure from impoverished farm
laborers and sharecroppers for land ownership has been a major source of
political violence pitting rural guerrillas against Government forces and armed
landowners.

The military leaders who seized power in October 1979 and now govern in alliance
with members of the Christian Democratic Party expropriated most of the
country's farms of more than 1,200 acres and gave the land to the peasants as a
way of combating the guerrilla insurgency.

U.S. Aid Is Criticized

The United States has backed the Salvadoran Government program with $90 million
in economic aid in the last year and $5.5 million in military sales credits for
''nonlethal'' equipment and training.

This aid has come under increasing criticism from religious and human rights
groups because of evidence of involvement of Salvadoran security forces in
political violence, which has claimed about 9,000 lives this year.

All new economic and military aid to El Salvador was suspended by President
Carter Dec. 5 after three American Roman Catholic nuns and a lay social worker
were killed, but the Administration restored $20 million in economic aid
yesterday after a reorganization of the ruling junta, which named Jose Napoleon
Duarte, a Christian Democrat, as President.

The loan decision by the executive board of the Inter-American Development Bank
was backed by the United States, which is the bank's major source of capital.
Bank sources said that some reservations were expressed by European and Latin
American members.

Loan Being Renegotiated

The bank also signed a $16.5 million loan with El Salvador in September
providing credit for small farmers, and it is now renegotiating the terms of a
$13.2 million loan signed in 1979, before the land redistribution law was
adopted, for rural community development.

The American Institute for Free Labor Development, a training organization
sponsored by the A.F.L.-C.I.O., is working with the Salvadoran Communal Union, a
peasant group, in training rural organizers to work with peasants involved in
the agrarian program.

After the expropriation of the plantations, the program's second phase calls for
giving tenant farmers title to the land they work, which would involve 150,000
families who are now sharecroppers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              771 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

Resettled Farmers Can Turn Commercial

BYLINE: Jan Poolman

LENGTH: 485 words


THE Ministry of Lands and Resettlement plans to cease its resettlement programme
by 2020 and will in the meantime strive to reach its target of acquiring 15
million hectares of freehold land for redistribution over the next eight years.

Out of this total, five million hectares will be acquired through the National
Resettlement Programme, while 10 million hectares will be acquired through the
Affirmative Action Loan Scheme.

"The land reform programme is on course and since its inception the ministry has
acquired 2 253 million hectares of commercial agricultural land and resettled 4
893 families," the ministry's spokesperson, Chrispin Matongela, told The
Namibian.

To complement these efforts the ministry further continues to provide
post-settlement support to resettlement beneficiaries.

This includes the development and rehabilitation of water infrastructure on
resettlement farms.

"In the 2011/2012 financial year alone, an amount of N$21 million was spent for
that purpose in order to facilitate unhindered farming activities," Matongela
said.

The ministry, in partnership with Agribank, will also continue to offer a
financial package worth N$20 million a year at subsidised interest rates to
resettled farmers. Since its inception, 475 resettled farmers have benefited
from this loan facility.

Another project for previously disadvantaged farmers and resettled farmers on
commercial farmlands is the farmers' support programme.

According to Matongela the ministry has observed a change in farming methods and
appreciation of farming as a business. At least 20 mentors are currently
employed in commercial areas and a total of 524 resettlement farmers were
trained.

"The land reform process in Namibia is not only to correct the imbalances of the
past in terms of land ownership but to address other socio-economic and
political realities within our communities. Apart from the acquisition of
freehold land, the ministry under the usage programme is engaged in development
of small-scale commercial farms in the Caprivi, Kavango, Otjozondjupa,
Omaheke,Omusati, Ohangwena and Oshikoto regions."

In August last year, the ministry undertook a poverty impact assessment of the
various land reform programmes and it revealed that between 1992 and 2010,
Agribank financed 836 farm purchases, of which 604 (72%) were purchased under
the Affirmative Action Loan Scheme (AALS).

Matongela said over time, this had the effect of raising the market value of
land above its productive value, thereby threatening the economic viability of
start-up farming enterprises.

"As a direct result of this imbalance, a significant number (40%) of farms were
facing serious economic problems. The information gathered shows that farmers
had to sell valuable breeding stock to service their loans. However, the
majority of AALS farmers (60%) succeeded in developing their farming enterprises
over the years and expanding their herds."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                 March 12, 2014

Farmland Prices Remain Exorbitant

BYLINE: Albertina Nakale

LENGTH: 892 words

DATELINE: Windhoek


Although government's policy on restricting foreign land ownership has reduced
potential demand for commercial land from foreigners, Namibia still fails to
keep abreast with galloping land prices making it difficult for the state to
meet its targets for land acquisition.

To date, the government has redistributed 2.4 hectares of land out of a target
of 5 million hectares to be acquired by 2020 for the resettlement programme.

The Minister of Lands and Resettlement, Alpheus !Naruseb, expressed concern
saying the prices for urban land are also seriously affected by skyrocketing
prices making it difficult for people to afford decent housing in urban areas.

"The pace of land acqusition and redistribution has, much to the frustration of
the masses, been painfully slow. The prevailing high prices of commercial
agricultural land have been identified as a factor inhibiting access to land by
the target beneficiries of the land redistribution programme," he stressed.

!Naruseb said in November 2010, his ministry requested the Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to assist in the investigation of
commercial agricultural land prices in Namibia.

The findings of the study was released yesterday by Fleefort Muzyamba, a FAO
consultant who was part of the study initiated by the lands ministry.

The report indicates that government's policy on restricting ownership as
embodied in the Agricultural Land Reform Act is likely to have inhibited the
supply of land as land owners would not be willing to offer their land in the
first place due to the risk of not being able to achieve a sale price of their
liking.

The report also pointed out that in 2008, after the lands ministry decided to
permit negotiations on land prices between land owners and government valuers
before government made counter-offers, the number of farms offered to government
increased slightly.

"This is because the owners would in essence withdraw their offers if they were
not happy with the price which government was willing to pay for the land. This
increase in supply has had a tendency to reduce pressure on prices," the report
states.

Additionally, in 2010, the ministry engaged land owners across the country
urging them to offer land to the government for sale.

According to the report, the total number of farms owned by foreign nationals is
approximately 212.

The report established that in terms of size the total number of farmland owned
by foreigners is approximately 1.3 million hectares which translates to 3
percent of total farmland.

"It appears that of the total land owned by foreigners, the majority of that
land (52 percent) is located in the !Karas Region, which is one of the less
productive areas in Namibia," the report says.

Further, it states that a number of farms were owned by close corporations as of
May 2011, with total hectares amounting to approximately 6 million or about 15
percent of total commercial farmland in Namibia.

However, the report suggests that if the Agricultural Land Reform Act is not
effective in monitoring transfer of farms via the transfer of the controlling
interest in these close corporations, then a substantial number of farms are not
available to the government through its preferent right to purchase farms.

The report also shows the statistics on farms offered to government for sale;
farms withdrawn by owners; exempted; consented to for instance for sale to
foreigners and waived by government to facilitate the Affirmative Action Loan
Scheme (AALS).

At the same time, the report suggests that government should consider buying
more land that is offered to it.

Statistics obtained show that 40 percent of farms offered to government were
waived for various reasons such as not meeting the suitability criteria, failure
by government to accept offers within the stipulated timeframe and recently
running out of funds to buy more farms.

While it is acknowledged that some farms are too small for resettlement, records
show that more than 400 farms of more than 3 000 hectares in size have been
waived since 1996. The rate at which farms are waived, the report says, would
significantly make it harder to achieve the targeted 15 million hectares of land
to be acquired by government by 2020.

"As evidenced in this report, the government's preferent right to purchase
commercial agricultural land created some distortions to the land markets
resulting in more farms being sold at higher prices than before. However, the
study found that approximately 14 percent of the farms transacted from 1985 to
1995 were sold at high prices and that was before the coming into effect of the
government's preferent right to purchase commercial farms. Therefore, there is
no guarantee that revoking the state's preferent right will immediately result
in all farms being sold at normal or low prices," suggests the report.

Therefore, the report says, if the government's preferent right and the AALS
were stopped, prices may reduce but not to the levels (in terms of high or
normal) that they used to be prior to the implementation of government's land
redistribution policies.

Further, without workable alternatives, it indicated that the removal of these
policies might even make the pace of land redistribution slower and possibly
result in the use of expropriation as a means to acquire land at a faster pace
by government.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Plaza sweetener

BYLINE: David Winzelberg

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 629  words


The newly expanded ownership of Jericho Plaza just announced they are embarking
on a nearly $10 million renovation of the two-building, 670,000-square-foot
trophy asset that dominates the landscape between Jericho Turnpike and the Long
Island Expressway in Jericho.

Slated for completion by the end of the year, the work will include fully
renovated lobbies, upgraded common area finishes, improved outdoor landscaping,
six new car charging stations and the creation of a new conference center to be
known as the Jericho Plaza Conference Hub.

Developed on the site of a former sod farm in 1980 by the Chasanoff family, the
isosceles trapezoid-shaped structures designed by Woodbury-based Spector Group
are often referred to as the boat buildings because of their resemblance to the
hulls of ships. The Chasanoffs sold the Class-A office property to S.L. Green
and Onyx Equities for $210 million at the height of the market in April 2007.

The acquisition was financed with a $163.75 million commercial mortgage-backed
securities loan based on an appraisal back then of $234 million, according to
Trepp, a Manhattan-based CMBS analyst. But in recent years, declining occupancy
and plummeting office values put a November 2014 appraisal of the property at
just $100 million.

After falling behind on loan payments, ownership sought a loan modification. But
in order to refinance, S.L. Green and Onyx needed a large injection of capital,
so they added two new equity partners in Taconic Capital and Triangle Capital
Group. The original CMBS loan was resolved with a $73.6 million loss last year.

Today, the complex is 71 percent occupied with a tenant roster that includes
Deloitte, Ernst & Young, Morgan Stanley, Liberty Mutual, IBM and Berdon LLP,
among many others.

The new ownership, known as Jericho Plaza LLC, is now investing in renovations
to help retain and attract companies.

"Jericho Plaza is a prime example of our value-add investment strategy," D.J.
Venn, Onyx Equities' senior vice president of asset management, said in a
written statement. "We are in the business of repositioning assets to offer
Class-A work space. Through this capital improvement program, we are excited to
be able to offer current and future tenants with the environment and services
they need to operate more efficiently and grow their businesses. "

Paul Amoruso, managing director of Oxford & Simpson Realty, and the property's
exclusive leasing agent, said one of the most valuable assets the complex has is
its location.

"This property offers arguably the best location on all of Long Island, only 20
minutes from LaGuardia or JFK, with access to all the major roadways, and high
visibility from the Long Island Expressway," Amoruso said. "It's close enough to
the city to recruit from the boroughs, while still pulling from the East End
talent pool. "

Amoruso added that the new renovations "demonstrate the ownership's commitment
to maintaining the complex's long-established reputation in the Long Island
marketplace," while providing more affordable leasing than high office rental
rates in New York City.

Asking rents at Jericho Plaza are $36 a square foot and there are large blocks
of space available, including 70,000 square feet on two floors in One Jericho
Plaza. In 2008, LIBN named Jericho Plaza as one of the top 10 office addresses
on Long Island.

In 2009, Onyx announced plans to build a 175,000-square-foot third building on
the 50-acre site, plans for which ownership says "are still ongoing. "

"We are in talks with numerous parties to develop a third building on the
property," said Adam Karafiol, senior vice president of leasing for Jericho
Plaza LLC.



http://www.libn.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             July 21, 1987 Tuesday

Sound timing for new trust

LENGTH: 396 words


The premise on which Mr John Mark's new trust is built, and the timing of the
trust itself, are closely related.

The premise is that there is nothing wrong with Australian farming. It can be as
productive and profitable as ever if only onerous interest payments can be
eliminated.

The timing is good because sustained high interest rates in recent times have
cut deeply into farming's profits, reducing the value of farms and making it
cheaper to assemble a quality property portfolio.

Mr Mark's new trust, The Rural Investment Trust, is not the first designed to
take advantage of these factors, but it is the first to combine the expertise of
a leading fund manager, Brick Securities Ltd, with that of a leading pastoral
house, Challenge Mercantile Australia Ltd.

Mr Mark founded BSL in 1965 and in June sold a second 50 p.c. stake in BSL to
the giant NZI Corporation to give NZI 100 p.c. ownership of the property trust
group.

Speaking in Adelaide last night, Mr Mark said it was now clear that farmers
could not afford to have any loans over their properties as the interest bills
destroyed the economics.

But the trust would be able to buy its farms outright and avoid this problem.
Returns would mostly come in the form of capital appreciation of the units
rather than in distributions taxable in the hands of unitholders, thus helping
to conserve funds.

Mr Mark said the managers who leased the farms from the trust would be given
access to the most modern techniques in animal husbandry and crop raising,
boosting returns and lifting profits which, ultimately, would be reflected in
higher farm values.

The trust would not be listed and would be open-ended, able to accept
subscriptions at any time. The $1 units would have an asset backing of 92.5c
after the initial issue as the manager would receive a fee of 7.5c a unit.

Mr Mark said estimates indicated the trust could, in time, receive subscriptions
at an annual rate of up to $50m.

The founder, major shareholder and managing director of Challenge Mercantile, Mr
Jeff Chapman, told last night's meeting that farmers had to decide whether they
were in the property business or the farming business.

He said the trend towards larger farms and corporate ownership would facilitate
the introduction of the advanced techniques and technology now becoming
available to farmers.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              775 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday
                              WeeklyTimes Edition

Couples in a share of good luck

BYLINE: By SIMONE SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 79

LENGTH: 200 words


A CHANCE meeting in the Warragul saleyards led to a vendor loan and a successful
sharefarming arrangement for two Gippsland farmers.

But the introduction of farm owner Jim Watson to aspiring farmer Matt Wilson,
was not the first time Matt had heard Jim's name.

The chef and his wife, Caroline, "hit brickwall after brickwall until we heard
Jim's name three times in one week", he told the Australian Dairy Conference
last week about his attempt to move into farming.

Jim and his wife, Jenny, were on the "downward scale" of dairying, having had a
previous unsuccessful agreement with a sharefarmer and other sharefarmers
"weren't around".

Leasing the property was "not an option" for them.

To get the agreement started the Watsons provided a vendor loan for the Wilsons
to buy the cows. Four years ago they started on a 50:50 agreement.

Jim told the crowd at Geelong he was pleased to be involved in day-to-day
decisions on-farm, but in the end the decisions rested with Matt.

Matt said even though he had worked on dairy farms previously he realised he
"had a lot to learn" and needed Jim to make it work.Matt and Caroline are aiming
at full herd ownership in the next four to six years and to pay down debt.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekly Times


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Around Town: Small-town bakery for sale

BYLINE: John Hageman, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


March 19--After three years of ownership, Quinn Olson has found that running a
small-town bakery is too much for one person to handle.

That's why he decided to put the McIntosh Bakery up for sale last week.

"I thought I could do it, but it just takes more people," Olson said. "I love to
bake; that's the reason I bought it. If a couple or a family were to buy it,
they could totally make it."

The bakery, located in McIntosh, Minn., has been around for decades before Olson
owned it, he said. McIntosh is a town of 625 people located about 60 miles
southeast of Grand Forks.

"It's really kind of an iconic mom-and-pop bakery," he said. "Everybody who
comes there, they come back for the summer and stop in and they all have a story
to share."

Olson said the business makes bread, doughnuts, cakes and other baked goods. He
also sells products at the farmers market in Detroit Lakes, Minn., during the
summer.

The McIntosh Bakery is only open during warmer months, and Olson said he might
open it this year on a more limited basis if he hasn't found a buyer.

"It's a tight-knit community, and people love that bakery," he said.

Ag lending up in 2015

Farm banks increased agricultural lending by almost 8 percent in 2015, according
to an American Banking Association report, but declining farm incomes could
provide some headwinds.

The ABA's 2015 Farm Bank Performance Report, which was released this week, notes
the U.S. Department of Agriculture is predicting net farm income will decline to
$54.8 billion in 2016, which would be the lowest level since 2002.

But the ABA report argues farm banks are "well-prepared" for a downturn thanks
to a strong agricultural sector in recent years. Moreover, the number of
noncurrent farm bank loans dropped to a pre-recession level of 0.47 percent of
total loans, and more than 97 percent of farm banks were profitable in 2015.

Brian Johnson, the CEO of North Dakota's largest agricultural bank, Choice
Financial, appeared to be cautiously optimistic about the year ahead.

"We hopefully should be able to absorb this downturn and ride it out," he said.
"We need to see a bump in commodity prices--minimum 10 percent, realistically 20
percent--for farmers to be profitable in 2016."

New gas station for Crookston

Construction on a gas station and convenience store on Crookston's north end
could start this spring.

Casey's General Store is going through "due diligence" before closing on the
property at North Broadway and Fisher Avenue, which is just east of Crookston
High School, said Craig Hoiseth, executive director of the Crookston Housing and
Economic Development Authority.

"We've had more growth toward the northeast side of town," Hoiseth said. "That's
where the growth direction seems to be."

At the end of fiscal year 2015, Casey's had 1,878 corporate stores across the
country, according to its annual report.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160319-GF-Around-Town-Small-town-bakery-for-sale-0319-20160319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                              777 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 18, 1991

Farmer Mac's 1st Deal Ready

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. was nearly ready to issue its first
security in a swap transaction with a Utah bank as NMN went to press.

The first Farmer Mac security will be issued under the "Farmer Mac II" program
for securitizing commercial loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration.

A mortgage affiliate of Zions First National Bank, Salt Lake City, Utah, has
signed documents for the first swap transaction, in which loan portions
guaranteed by FmHA are exchanged for Farmer Mac securities.

The Zions loan pool totaled about $ 300,000 and involved two loans from the
Salina, Utah area.

The floating-rate loans had a rate of prime plus two percent to the borrowers.

"We are doing a small one just to make sure we know how to do it.  We anticipate
doing a lot more," said David Hemingway, an executive vice president for Zions.

Zions First National is the second largest pooler of Small Business
Administration-guaranteed loans, a program similar to the FmHA-guaranteed loan
secondary market.

Lenders do not need to be Farmer Mac stockholders to participate in the Farmer
Mac II program.

Farmer Mac also announced the formation of its first pool of guaranteed farm
ownership and farm operating loans to be securitized in the Farmer Mac II
secondary market.

"This is the important development that the Farmer Mac board and management has
been working to achieve," said Farmer Mac president Henry Edelman.

Lenders will have until March 15 to submit loans documents to the agency to
participate in the first pools.

And lenders will receive cash, not Farmer Mac securities, for selling their
loans into Farmer Mac II pools.

Farmer Mac intends to periodically announce the formation of loan pools with
deadlines for lenders to submit their loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              778 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          November 20, 1991 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

FARMERS TOLD THEY NEED THE BANKS

BYLINE: PAUL CHAMBERLIN

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 397 words


CANBERRA: After years of criticising the banks for their policies on lending and
interest rates, the farm sector will be forced to turn back to the banks to
survive, according to the president of the National Farmers'Federation (NFF), Mr
Graham Blight.

Commitments made by the banks for the early part of 1992, the vital period when
farmers reviewed budgets and loans and negotiated cash for new season crops,
would determine how agriculture performed during the next three or four years,
Mr Blight said.

His comments came on the eve of today's long-awaited launch of the Australian
Bankers' Association's farm code. The product of lengthy discussions between the
two sectors, the code will simplify rural lending practices.

The rapprochement comes after the rural sector has spent much of the past two
years vilifying the banks, blaming them for keeping interest rates high and
criticising them for their tough stance on outstanding loans.

"There is no doubt that the banks have not overly endeared themselves to
farmers," Mr Blight said. "Unfortunately, after the financial mismanagement of
the '80s, they shifted much of the onus of paying for their mistakes onto us,
traditionally the best payers of loan funds that they have ever had. We rejected
that imposition and we still do.

"However, we have been assured by the banks that they have a strong commitment
to agriculture and are keen to see that the farm sector survives."

Mr Blight said that if the banks did not stand by the commitment they had made,
production capacity would disappear and deepen the mire farmers were in. He said
further government grants and subsidies would be needed.

Mr Blight was speaking at the NFF's council conference in Canberra, which
brought together leaders of farming organisations from throughout Australia.
"The delivery of adequate funds may well become a team game between the
Government and the banks, but whichever way it happens, we must have the funds,"
he said.

"If we do not, agriculture's ability to contribute to export growth will be
drastically reduced."

Meanwhile, the council carried a motion to consider launching campaigns in
marginal seats to maximise the influence of the farm sector.

Mr Blight said: "There are 25 regional seats in Australia with a margin of 5 per
cent or less ... if farmers voted as a block in every one of those 25 seats,
could we change the ownership of the seat?"

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Fraudster King guilty over loan;
$5000 fine

SECTION: BUS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 301  words


Bankrupt property dealer Michael King was convicted of fraud yesterday over the
disappearance of a luxury car put up as security for a $150,000-plus loan from
the matriarch of the Caratti land investment empire.

Magistrate Janelle Scutt rejected King's version of dealings in 2011 in which
ownership of the BMW X5 was transferred to his brother-in-law Allar Ahtmann as
doubts were emerging about his capacity to repay Maddeliene Caratti's private
company Zena Holdings.

She fined him $5000.

Ms Scutt said Mr King set out to deliberately deprive Zena Holdings of access to
the BMW by not telling Mrs Caratti's son John about the transfer and by claiming
it had been seized by an outlaw motorcycle gang.

I don't know what happened to the car, she said.

The conviction on a charge of fraudulently disposing of mortgaged goods comes
after several years of delayed deals in WA's wheatbelt for Mr King, who once had
a profitable business selling farms to Asian investors.

Facing a debt claim from the tax office two years ago and hoping Swiss finance
on a big deal would come through, Mr King borrowed $150,000 from Mrs Caratti in
June, 2011, on the proviso that he would repay her $210,000 in three months.

He put the BMW up for security along with a minority stake in a farm near York
that is understood to be used as a retreat by Buddhists, who included Mr Ahtmann
and fellow Muay Thai kick boxers.

After King failed to repay the loan and Mr Caratti was unable to sell the share
in the farm, the Carattis launched civil recovery proceedings that culminated in
Mr King being bankrupted. Mr Caratti also complained to the major fraud squad
about the lost BMW.

Ms Scutt rejected claims by Mr Ahtmann and Mr King that the vehicle's transfer
was a misunderstanding and said the businessman did nothing to get the vehicle
back.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Walsall Advertiser

                                 March 5, 2009

Bellway take homebuy direct route

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 358 words


Bellway is the latest housebuilder to adopt the government's 'HomeBuy Direct'
scheme, which gives the chance for people to move into a new house for 70 per
cent of the purchase price.

The scheme is open to all households earning less than £60,000 and who would not
normally be able to buy a suitable home on the open market.

Bellway will be backing the scheme across 13 sites in the West Midlands,
releasing more than 150 properties to be available under the initiative.

Buyers using Homebuy Direct are protected against a fall of up to 30 per cent in
the price of the property as the Bellway/government equity share will absorb
some of any further price reduction risk, points out the company.

To give an example, Bellway's site in Walker Road, Blakenhall, Bloxwich, has two
bed apartments starting from £97,995, meaning that a buyer would take a 70 per
cent mortgage of £68,596 with monthly payments of £233 based upon a 25 year
interest only mortgage with an interest rate of 4.09 per cent.

Sales director, Steve Rose, said: "HomeBuy Direct offers a tangible and secure
way into home ownership and has the capacity to benefit households who until now
have been unable to afford a home of their own. It's a real win win for
customers who will be buying at the prevailing market rate and therefore
benefiting from the reduction in property prices over the last year. It will
provide a much needed boost to the housing market and bolster confidence among
buyers."

With HomeBuy, there is no deposit required, the 30 per cent loan is repayable
within 25 years and there is no interest to pay on the loan for the first five
years. Homebuy Direct buyers can redeem the 30 per cent loan in instalments at
the current market rate, thereby staircasing to full ownership. Alternatively,
if they sell their home, the equity loan is repaid by way of the sale proceeds.

Bellway's other developments where HomeBuy Direct is available include The
Paddocks, Aldridge; College Fields, Wednesbury; Burtons Farm Park, North
Solihull; Butlers Walk, Edgbaston; Chapel Walk, Cygnet Grove and Keepers Gate,
all in Solihull.

For further information visit http://www.bellway.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Walsall Advertiser

                                 March 5, 2009

Bellway take homebuy direct route

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 358 words


Bellway is the latest housebuilder to adopt the government's 'HomeBuy Direct'
scheme, which gives the chance for people to move into a new house for 70 per
cent of the purchase price.

The scheme is open to all households earning less than £60,000 and who would not
normally be able to buy a suitable home on the open market.

Bellway will be backing the scheme across 13 sites in the West Midlands,
releasing more than 150 properties to be available under the initiative.

Buyers using Homebuy Direct are protected against a fall of up to 30 per cent in
the price of the property as the Bellway/government equity share will absorb
some of any further price reduction risk, points out the company.

To give an example, Bellway's site in Walker Road, Blakenhall, Bloxwich, has two
bed apartments starting from £97,995, meaning that a buyer would take a 70 per
cent mortgage of £68,596 with monthly payments of £233 based upon a 25 year
interest only mortgage with an interest rate of 4.09 per cent.

Sales director, Steve Rose, said: "HomeBuy Direct offers a tangible and secure
way into home ownership and has the capacity to benefit households who until now
have been unable to afford a home of their own. It's a real win win for
customers who will be buying at the prevailing market rate and therefore
benefiting from the reduction in property prices over the last year. It will
provide a much needed boost to the housing market and bolster confidence among
buyers."

With HomeBuy, there is no deposit required, the 30 per cent loan is repayable
within 25 years and there is no interest to pay on the loan for the first five
years. Homebuy Direct buyers can redeem the 30 per cent loan in instalments at
the current market rate, thereby staircasing to full ownership. Alternatively,
if they sell their home, the equity loan is repaid by way of the sale proceeds.

Bellway's other developments where HomeBuy Direct is available include The
Paddocks, Aldridge; College Fields, Wednesbury; Burtons Farm Park, North
Solihull; Butlers Walk, Edgbaston; Chapel Walk, Cygnet Grove and Keepers Gate,
all in Solihull.

For further information visit http://www.bellway.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Walsall Advertiser

                                 March 5, 2009

Bellway take homebuy direct route

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 358 words


Bellway is the latest housebuilder to adopt the government's 'HomeBuy Direct'
scheme, which gives the chance for people to move into a new house for 70 per
cent of the purchase price.

The scheme is open to all households earning less than £60,000 and who would not
normally be able to buy a suitable home on the open market.

Bellway will be backing the scheme across 13 sites in the West Midlands,
releasing more than 150 properties to be available under the initiative.

Buyers using Homebuy Direct are protected against a fall of up to 30 per cent in
the price of the property as the Bellway/government equity share will absorb
some of any further price reduction risk, points out the company.

To give an example, Bellway's site in Walker Road, Blakenhall, Bloxwich, has two
bed apartments starting from £97,995, meaning that a buyer would take a 70 per
cent mortgage of £68,596 with monthly payments of £233 based upon a 25 year
interest only mortgage with an interest rate of 4.09 per cent.

Sales director, Steve Rose, said: "HomeBuy Direct offers a tangible and secure
way into home ownership and has the capacity to benefit households who until now
have been unable to afford a home of their own. It's a real win win for
customers who will be buying at the prevailing market rate and therefore
benefiting from the reduction in property prices over the last year. It will
provide a much needed boost to the housing market and bolster confidence among
buyers."

With HomeBuy, there is no deposit required, the 30 per cent loan is repayable
within 25 years and there is no interest to pay on the loan for the first five
years. Homebuy Direct buyers can redeem the 30 per cent loan in instalments at
the current market rate, thereby staircasing to full ownership. Alternatively,
if they sell their home, the equity loan is repaid by way of the sale proceeds.

Bellway's other developments where HomeBuy Direct is available include The
Paddocks, Aldridge; College Fields, Wednesbury; Burtons Farm Park, North
Solihull; Butlers Walk, Edgbaston; Chapel Walk, Cygnet Grove and Keepers Gate,
all in Solihull.

For further information visit http://www.bellway.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           August 11, 1993 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

GROWER SAYS POLO CLUB WEST WILL BE MECCA FOR BUILDERS

BYLINE: By BETH REINHARD Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: DELRAY BEACH


Mecca Farms is planting tomatoes and cucumbers on 518 acres in western Delray
Beach. After the fall harvest, it will build roads and sewers.

The vegetable and citrus grower and its partners paid $10.52 million on Thursday
for the land south of Linton Boulevard between Jog Road and Florida's Turnpike,
known as Polo Club West. It plans to develop the property, which is zoned for
about 900 homes and a golf course, and sell the lots to builders.

Mecca Farms also owns the 165-acre former Upjohn tract north of Polo Club West
and is building a 500-acre community in Parkland called Terramar, said Gary
Smigiel, the company's general counsel.

Polo Club West originally was developed by a company owned by Cenvill
Development Corp., once South Florida's leading builder of retirement
communities. The company, Seagrass Properties Inc., lost the property to Bank of
America at a foreclosure sale in 1992.

The original loan on the property was made by Security Pacific National Bank of
California, which filed a $31.48 million foreclosure suit against Polo Club West
in 1991. Bank of America inherited the loan when it took over Security Pacific.

Gary Smigiel, general partner of the limited partnership that bought Polo Club
West, identified his partners as Mecca Farms and an investor named Manfred Franz
who lives in Broward County.

Polo Club West has the potential to be successful if homes are priced between
$180,000 and $300,000 and aimed at second-home buyers, said real estate
consultant John Spies of American Metro/Study Corp. in Palm Beach Gardens.

``The feasibility of the project is excellent, given the low amount of
competition,'' he said. ``It's a good piece of dirt.''

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Commercial Vehicle

                               September 10, 2013

Mahindra Trucks & Buses to demerge into M&M Ltd

LENGTH: 583  words


Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. has reaffirmed its commitment to its truck and bus
division, renaming the erstwhile Mahindra Navistar Automotive Ltd. as Mahindra
Trucks and Buses Ltd. (MTBL), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary and part of the
USD 16.2 billion Mahindra Group. Subject to regulatory approvals, the company
also intends to demerge its trucks and buses operations from MTBL into Mahindra
& Mahindra to derive greater synergies. It has also announced plans to invest
Rs. 200 crore to further strengthen its existing product line and start
exploratory work for new product lines that could lead to further capital
infusion of over Rs. 300 crores in due course.



'We plan to invest significant resources over the next few years which will help
us strengthen our existing product range and refurbish the current LCV range.
Exploratory work has also begun for the introduction of new products that will
help address the ICV and MCV segments in the 7.5-16 ton GVW category,' asserts
Dr. Goenka. In other words, M&M is exploring the possibility of developing a new
cabin for the ICV/MCV range, while potentially adding 16 and 37-tonne GVW rigids
as well as a 49-tonne tractor. Mahindra Trucks and Buses Ltd. has also announced
new branding for its heavy commercial vehicle range.

The multi-axle trucks will now be called Mahindra TRUXO 25 and TRUXO 31; Tractor
Trailers will be called Mahindra TRACO 35 and TRACO 40; and the tippers will be
called Mahindra TORRO 25 and TORRO 31. Although MTBL has ownership over all the
IPR for the technology of trucks, the engine is licensed from Navistar.
Therefore, Dr. Pawan Goenka - President Automotive & Farm Equipment Sectors,
Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd. states, 'that while the trucks can be sold freely in
India, exports, if any can only happen through Navistar's network.

has ownership over all the IPR for the technology of trucks, the engine is
licensed from Navistar. Therefore, Dr. Pawan Goenka - President Automotive &
Farm Equipment Sectors, Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd. states, 'that while the
trucks can be sold freely in India, exports, if any can only happen through
Navistar's network.

MTBL currently boasts of an on-road population of one lakh LCV trucks and buses
and more than 8,000 HCV trucks on Indian roads with a 24x7 service networks
across the country. 'Our product is well accepted in the market. About 30 - 40
percent of the big accounts are using our products and giving us repeat orders,'
informs Nalin Mehta, Managing Director and CEO, MTBL. In order to service these
customers, the company has established a service network with more than 1,591
touch points that includes 57, 3S dealerships, 271 authorised service points
drawn from other dealers within Mahindra's Automotive and Farm Equipment Sectors
network and nearly 1,263 roadside assistance points strategically located on
important trucking routes. Mahindra Trucks and Buses Ltd. has launched several
pioneering initiatives such as:

The 5-years or 5 lakh Km Warranty, which is transferable and an industry first
for tippers, the company has launched on-site warranty and has also rolled out
an attractive AMC package. It also offers up to 100 percent finance on chassis
and up to 5-year loan tenure. MTBL who has a considerable presence in the parts
business plans to get in the distribution network through different channels.

'The synergy with M&M will help MTBL source parts in a better manner and create
distribution channel to help mature our parts business,' concludes Mehta.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2013 Next Gen Publishing, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

FORM 8-K: FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORP FILES Current report

LENGTH: 6075  words

DATELINE: Washington


FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORP, Federally, has filed FORM 8-K (Current
report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on June 06, 2014

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Federally

Item 8.01    Other Events.

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") is filing this
Current Report on Form 8-K to recast its historical segment information,
originally contained in the financial statements and elsewhere in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 (the "Annual
Report on Form 10-K"), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") on March 13, 2014, to correspond with its current presentation.

After an evaluation of Farmer Mac's overall portfolio of product offerings and
reportable segments, Farmer Mac's management has determined that Farmer Mac's
operations consist of four reportable operating segments effective January 1,
2014 - Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional Credit.
The Institutional Credit segment comprises Farmer Mac's guarantees of AgVantage®
securities related to general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools
of eligible loans. Prior to January 1, 2014, AgVantage securities were included
under either the Farm & Ranch or Rural Utilities line of business, as
applicable, depending on the type of loans pledged to secure the respective
AgVantage securities. Because the AgVantage product is priced differently and
has different credit characteristics than the loans that Farmer Mac purchases,
are pooled in long term standby purchase commitments, or underlie non-AgVantage
Farmer Mac-guaranteed securities, Farmer Mac's management determined AgVantage
securities should be reported in a separate business segment. All prior period
information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K has been recast to
reflect the breakout of the Institutional Credit segment from both the Farm &
Ranch and Rural Utilities segments.

Attached as Exhibit 99 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated by
reference herein, are the following portions of the Annual Report on Form 10-K
that have been revised to reflect the realignment of Farmer Mac's segments: Item
1 (Business), Item 7 (Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations), and Item 8 (Financial Statements).

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed only for the purposes described
above. All other information in the Annual Report on Form 10-K remains
unchanged. In order to preserve the nature and character of the disclosures set
forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information contained in Exhibit 99
of this Current Report on Form 8-K has been updated for the change to Farmer
Mac's reportable segments and has not been updated for any other changes since
the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. For significant developments since
the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, refer to Farmer Mac's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, as filed with the SEC
on May 12, 2014.

Forward-Looking Statements

Some statements made in this report (including exhibits) are "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 pertaining to management's current expectations as to Farmer Mac's
future financial results, business prospects, and business developments.
Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may
predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or
achievements. These statements typically are accompanied by, and identified
with, terms such as "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "intends," "should,"
and similar phrases.  The information included in this report (including the
exhibits) includes forward-looking statements addressing Farmer Mac's:


o

prospects for earnings;



o

prospects for growth in business volume;

o

trends in net interest income and net effective spread;

o

trends in portfolio credit quality, delinquencies, and provisions for losses;

o

trends in expenses;

o

trends in investment securities;

o

prospects for asset impairments and allowance for losses;

o

changes in capital position; and

o

other business and financial matters.

Management's expectations for Farmer Mac's future necessarily involve a number
of assumptions and estimates and the evaluation of risks and uncertainties.
Various factors or events could cause Farmer Mac's actual results to differ
materially from the expectations as expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements, including the factors discussed under "Risk Factors" in Part II,
Item 1A of Farmer Mac's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended March 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2014, and in Part 1, Item 1A
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and uncertainties regarding:


o

the availability to Farmer Mac and Farmer Mac II LLC of debt and equity
financing and, if available, the reasonableness of rates and terms;

o

legislative or regulatory developments that could affect Farmer Mac or its
sources of business, including but not limited to:

[#x25e6]

developments related to the implementation of agricultural policies and programs
resulting from the recently enacted Agricultural Act of 2014 (referred to as the
2014 Farm Bill), including the elimination of direct payments to agricultural
producers by the USDA and increased federal subsidies for enhanced crop
insurance programs; and

[#x25e6]

changes in policies related to renewable fuel standards and the use of ethanol
as a blending agent;

o

fluctuations in the fair value of assets held by Farmer Mac and Farmer Mac II
LLC;

o

the rate and direction of development of the secondary market for agricultural
mortgage and rural utilities loans, including lender interest in Farmer Mac
credit products and the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac;

o

the general rate of growth in agricultural mortgage and rural utilities
indebtedness;

o

the impact of economic conditions, including the effects of weather-related
conditions and fluctuations in agricultural real estate values, on agricultural
mortgage lending and borrower repayment capacity;

o

developments in the financial markets, including possible investor, analyst, and
rating agency reactions to events involving government-sponsored enterprises,
including Farmer Mac;

o

changes in the level and direction of interest rates, which could, among other
things, affect the value of collateral securing Farmer Mac's agricultural
mortgage loan assets; and

o

volatility in commodity prices relative to costs of production and/or export
demand for U.S. agricultural products.

In light of these potential risks and uncertainties, no undue reliance should be
placed on any forward-looking statements expressed in this report (including the
exhibits).  Furthermore, Farmer Mac undertakes no obligation to release publicly
the results of revisions to any forward-looking statements that may be made to
reflect new information or any future events or circumstances, except as
otherwise mandated by the SEC. The discussion contained in this report
(including the exhibits) is not necessarily indicative of future results.


Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)    Exhibits.


99

Items from Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2013, updated to reflect recast segment information: "Part I - Item 1 -
Business"; "Part II - Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations"; and "Part II - Item 8 - Financial
Statements."


101.INS

XBRL Instance Document


101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document


101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


101.PRE

SBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

Note: The information contained in this item has been updated for the change to
Farmer Mac's reportable segments discussed in the Notes to Financial Statements.
This item has not been updated for any other changes since the filing of Farmer
Mac's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. For
significant developments since the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K,
refer to Farmer Mac's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
31, 2014, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12,
2014.

GENERAL

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") is a
stockholder-owned, federally chartered corporation that combines private capital
and public sponsorship to serve a public purpose.  Congress has charged Farmer
Mac with the mission of providing a secondary market for a variety of loans made
to borrowers in rural America.  A secondary market is an economic arrangement in
which the owners of financial assets, such as the originators of loans, may sell
all or part of those assets or pay a fee to otherwise offset some or all of the
inherent risks of holding the assets.  Farmer Mac's main secondary market
activities are:


o

purchasing eligible loans directly from lenders;

o

providing advances against eligible loans by purchasing obligations secured by
those loans;

o

securitizing assets and guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on
the resulting securities that represent interests in, or obligations secured by,
pools of eligible loans; and

o

issuing long-term standby purchase commitments ("LTSPCs") for eligible loans.

Securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac may be retained by the seller of the
underlying eligible loans, retained by Farmer Mac, or sold to third party
investors.

Farmer Mac was established under federal legislation first enacted in 1988 and
amended most recently in 2008 - Title VIII of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12
U.S.C. §§ 2279aa et seq.), which is sometimes referred to as Farmer Mac's
charter.  Farmer Mac is known as a government-sponsored enterprise ("GSE") by
virtue of the status conferred by its charter.  The charter provides that Farmer
Mac has the power to establish, acquire, and maintain affiliates (as defined in
the charter) under applicable state law to carry out any activities that
otherwise would be performed directly by Farmer Mac.  Farmer Mac established its
two existing subsidiaries, Farmer Mac II LLC and Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities
Corporation, under that power.

Farmer Mac is an institution of the Farm Credit System (the "FCS"), which is
composed of the banks, associations, and related entities, including Farmer Mac
and its subsidiaries, regulated by the Farm Credit Administration ("FCA"), an
independent agency in the executive branch of the United States government.
Although Farmer Mac (including its subsidiaries) is an institution of the FCS,
it is not liable for any debt or obligation of any other institution of the FCS.
None of FCA, the FCS, or any other individual institution of the FCS is liable
for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac or its subsidiaries. The debts and
obligations of Farmer Mac and its subsidiaries are not guaranteed by the full
faith and credit of the United States.


1


Farmer Mac's two principal sources of revenue are:


o

interest income earned on assets held on balance sheet, net of related funding
costs and interest payments and receipts on financial derivatives (i.e., net
effective spread); and

o

guarantee and commitment fees received in connection with outstanding guaranteed
securities and LTSPCs.

Farmer Mac funds its purchases of eligible loans (including participation
interests in eligible loans) and guaranteed securities primarily by issuing debt
obligations of various maturities in the public capital markets.  The proceeds
of debt issuance are also used to fund liquidity investments that must comply
with policies adopted by Farmer Mac's board of directors and with FCA
regulations, which establish limitations on dollar amount, issuer concentration,
and credit quality.  Those regulations can be found at 12 C.F.R. §§ 652.1-652.45
(the "Liquidity and Investment Regulations").  Farmer Mac's regular debt
issuance supports its access to the capital markets, and Farmer Mac's liquidity
investment assets provide an alternative source of funds should market
conditions be unfavorable.  As of December 31, 2013, Farmer Mac had $4.9 billion
of discount notes and $7.4 billion of medium-term notes outstanding.  For more
information about Farmer Mac's eligible loan assets and liquidity investment
assets, as well as its financial performance and sources of capital and
liquidity, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations."

Segment Reporting
During the first quarter of 2014, after an evaluation of Farmer Mac's overall
portfolio of product offerings and reportable segments in accordance with
applicable accounting guidance, Farmer Mac's management determined that Farmer
Mac's operations consist of four reportable operating segments effective January
1, 2014 - Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional
Credit.
The Institutional Credit segment comprises Farmer Mac's guarantees of AgVantage
securities related to general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools
of eligible loans. Prior to January 1, 2014, AgVantage securities were included
under either the Farm & Ranch or Rural Utilities line of business, as
applicable, depending on the type of loans pledged to secure the AgVantage
securities. Because the AgVantage product is priced differently and has
different credit characteristics than the loans that Farmer Mac purchases or
that underlie LTSPCs or non-AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, Farmer
Mac's management determined that AgVantage securities should be reported in a
separate business segment.
Previously reported information has been recast to reflect the breakout of the
Institutional Credit segment from both the Farm & Ranch and Rural Utilities
segments.


2

Secondary Market

Farmer Mac's activities are intended to provide lenders with an efficient and
competitive secondary market that enhances these lenders' ability to offer
competitively-priced financing to rural borrowers. This secondary market is
designed to increase the availability of long-term credit at stable interest
rates to America's rural communities and to provide rural borrowers with the
benefits of capital markets pricing and product innovation.  The secondary
market provided by Farmer Mac functions as a bridge between the national capital
markets and the agricultural and rural credit markets by attracting new capital
for financing rural borrowers.

Farmer Mac's purchases of both eligible loans and obligations secured by
eligible loans, as well as Farmer Mac's guaranteed securities sold to third
party investors, increase lenders' liquidity and lending capacity and provide a
continuous source of funding for lenders that extend credit to borrowers in
rural America. Farmer Mac's LTSPCs for eligible loans held by lenders, as well
as Farmer Mac's guaranteed securities retained by lenders in exchange for the
related securitized loans, result in lower regulatory capital requirements for
the lenders and reduced borrower or commodity concentration exposure for some
lenders, thereby expanding their lending capacity.  By increasing the efficiency
and competitiveness of rural finance, the secondary market provided by Farmer
Mac has the potential to lower the interest rates paid on loans by rural
borrowers.

The current economic and regulatory environment presents Farmer Mac with
opportunities to market a mix of products to rural lenders in need of capital,
liquidity, long-term fixed rate products, and portfolio diversification. As part
of its outreach strategy, Farmer Mac listens to current and prospective rural
lenders to identify their specific needs, with an emphasis on individual lender
meetings, lender road shows, and face-to-face contact at state and national
banking conferences. Farmer Mac seeks to maximize the use of technology to
support these business development efforts.

Lines of Business

Farmer Mac conducts its secondary market activities through four lines of
business - Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional
Credit.  The loans eligible for the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac
include:


o

mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate, including
part-time farms and rural housing (encompassing the Farm & Ranch line of
business);

o

agricultural and rural development loans guaranteed by the United States
Department of Agriculture ("USDA") (encompassing the USDA Guarantees line of
business); and

o

loans made by cooperative lenders to finance electrification and
telecommunications systems in rural areas (encompassing the Rural Utilities line
of business).

In addition, Farmer Mac purchases and guarantees general obligations of rural
lenders that are secured by pools of the foregoing eligible loans (encompassing
the Institutional Credit line of business).

As of December 31, 2013, the total outstanding amount of the eligible loans
included in all of Farmer Mac's lines of business was $14.0 billion.

3

Farm & Ranch

Under the Farm & Ranch line of business, Farmer Mac purchases eligible mortgage
loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate and rural housing.
Farmer Mac also guarantees securities representing interests in pools of
mortgage loans eligible for the Farm & Ranch line of business ("Farm & Ranch
Guaranteed Securities").  Additionally, Farmer Mac commits to purchase, subject
to the terms of the applicable LTSPC agreement, eligible Farm & Ranch mortgage
loans. To be eligible, loans must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting,
collateral valuation, documentation, and other specified standards that are
discussed in "Business--Farmer Mac Lines of Business--Farm & Ranch."  As of
December 31, 2013, outstanding loans held by Farmer Mac, loans that either
backed off-balance sheet Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities or were subject to
LTSPCs, and other Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities totaled $5.2 billion.

USDA Guarantees

Under the USDA Guarantees line of business, Farmer Mac II LLC, a subsidiary of
Farmer Mac, purchases the portions of certain agricultural, rural development,
business and industry, and community facilities loans guaranteed by the USDA
under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. §§ 1921 et
seq.). Farmer Mac refers to these USDA-guaranteed portions of loans as "USDA
Securities." Farmer Mac II LLC also purchases USDA Securities in exchange for
issuing securities to third parties backed by those USDA Securities, which are
then also guaranteed by Farmer Mac ("Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities").
As of December 31, 2013, outstanding USDA Securities and Farmer Mac Guaranteed
USDA Securities totaled $1.7 billion, of which $41.3 million were Farmer Mac
Guaranteed USDA Securities.

4

Rural Utilities

Farmer Mac initiated the Rural Utilities line of business in 2008 after Congress
expanded Farmer Mac's authorized secondary market activities to include rural
utilities loans.  Farmer Mac's authorized activities under this line of business
are similar to those conducted under the Farm & Ranch line of business -
purchases of, and guarantees of securities backed by, eligible rural utilities
loans.  To be eligible, loans must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting and
other specified standards that are discussed in "Business--Farmer Mac Lines of
Business--Rural Utilities."  Although Farmer Mac has the ability to provide
LTSPCs in the Rural Utilities line of business, none have been issued to date.
As of December 31, 2013, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of rural
utilities loans held was $1.1 billion. There currently are no guaranteed
securities issued under the Rural Utilities line of business.

Institutional Credit

Under the Institutional Credit line of business, Farmer Mac purchases or
guarantees general obligations of rural lenders that are secured by pools of
loans that would be eligible for purchase under Farmer Mac's Farm & Ranch, USDA
Guarantees, or Rural Utilities lines of business. AgVantage® is a registered
trademark of Farmer Mac used to designate Farmer Mac's guarantees of securities
related to these general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools of
eligible loans and that comprise the Institutional Credit line of business.  For
more information on the products currently offered under Farmer Mac's
Institutional Credit line of business, see "Business--Farmer Mac Lines of
Business--Institutional Credit."  As of December 31, 2013, outstanding
securities held or guaranteed by Farmer Mac in its Institutional Credit line of
business totaled $6.0 billion.

Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities

Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities, Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities, and
AgVantage Securities are sometimes collectively referred to as "Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities."  The assets underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
include (1) loans or loan participation interests eligible for purchase under
either the Farm & Ranch or Rural Utilities line of business or (2) USDA
Securities eligible for purchase under the USDA Guarantees line of business.
Farmer Mac guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on the
resulting Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities.  Farmer Mac may retain Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities in its portfolio or sell them to third parties.

5

Competition

Farmer Mac is the only Congressionally-chartered corporation established to
provide a secondary market for agricultural mortgage loans, rural utilities
loans, and USDA Securities. However, Farmer Mac does face indirect competition
from a variety of sources. Historically, these sources have included other
financial institutions that purchase, retain, or securitize the types of loans
eligible for Farmer Mac's secondary market activities, including commercial and
investment banks, insurance companies, and other FCS institutions. Farmer Mac
also competes indirectly with originators of eligible loans who would prefer to
retain the loans they originate rather than sell them into the secondary market.
Farmer Mac is able to compete to acquire eligible loans due to the variety of
products it offers and its ability to offer low-cost funding to its customers.
This enables Farmer Mac to offer flexible financing options and products
designed to meet the variety of needs faced by lending institutions related to
capital requirements, liquidity, credit risk, and management of sector and
geographic concentrations and borrower exposures. However, the relative
competitiveness of the loan rates offered by Farmer Mac is affected by the
ability of other lending institutions to subsidize their rates on the loan
products with which Farmer Mac competes by price averaging with other types of
loans or by low-return use of equity. Farmer Mac's ability to develop business
with lending institutions is also affected by changes in the levels of available
capital and liquidity of those institutions, the existence of alternative
sources of funding and credit enhancement for those institutions, the rate of
growth in the market for eligible loans, and demand for Farmer Mac's products.

Farmer Mac's competitive position is also affected by the willingness of
originators to offer eligible loans for sale in the secondary market, as well as
the types and variety of products offered by Farmer Mac's competitors to meet
the needs of Farmer Mac's customer base. Farmer Mac's limits on borrower
exposure and loan size, as well as the types of loans that are eligible for
Farmer Mac's lines of business, also affect Farmer Mac's competitive position.
Farmer Mac's ability to obtain low-cost funding in the debt markets is essential
to its ability to maintain its competitive position with its customers. As a
result, competition for debt investors with other debt-issuing institutions,
such as the FCS, Federal Home Loan Banks, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and
highly-rated financial institutions, can impact the price and volume at which
Farmer Mac issues debt and, consequently, its ability to offer savings to its
customers in the form of competitive products.

Capital and Corporate Governance

Farmer Mac's basic capital and corporate governance structure is prescribed in
its charter. The charter authorizes Farmer Mac to issue two classes of voting
common stock each of which elects one-third of Farmer Mac's 15-person board of
directors, as well as non-voting common stock. The classes of Farmer Mac's
common stock that are currently outstanding and their relation to Farmer Mac's
board of directors are described below.


o

Class A voting common stock.  The charter restricts ownership of Farmer Mac's
Class A voting common stock to banks, insurance companies, and other financial
institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the FCS.  The
charter also provides that five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of
directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the Class A stockholders
each year.  The charter limits the amount of Class A voting common stock that
may be owned by one holder to no more than 33 percent of the outstanding shares
of Class A voting common stock.  Farmer Mac is not aware of any regulation
applicable to non-FCS financial institutions that requires a minimum investment
in Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock or that prescribes a


6

maximum investment amount lower than the 33 percent limit set forth in the
charter.  Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock is listed on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol AGM.A.


o

Class B voting common stock.  The charter restricts ownership of Farmer Mac's
Class B voting common stock to FCS institutions and also provides that five
members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of directors are elected by a plurality
of the votes of the Class B stockholders each year.  The charter does not
contain any restrictions on the maximum number or percentage of outstanding
shares of Class B voting common stock that may be held by an eligible
stockholder, and Farmer Mac is not aware of any regulation applicable to FCS
institutions that requires a minimum investment in its Class B voting common
stock or that prescribes a maximum amount.  Farmer Mac's Class B voting common
stock, which has a limited market and trades infrequently, is not listed or
quoted on any exchange or other quotation system, and Farmer Mac is not aware of
any publicly available quotations or prices for this class of common stock.


o

Class C non-voting common stock.  The charter does not impose any ownership
restrictions on Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock, and shares of this
class are freely transferable.  Holders of the Class C common stock do not vote
on the election of directors or any other matter.  Farmer Mac's Class C
non-voting common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol AGM.


o

Presidential director appointments.  The remaining five members of Farmer Mac's
board of directors are individuals who meet the qualifications specified in the
charter and are appointed by the President of the United States with the advice
and consent of the United States Senate.  These appointed directors serve at the
pleasure of the President of the United States.

The ownership of Farmer Mac's two classes of voting common stock is currently
concentrated in a small number of institutions.  Approximately 45 percent of the
Class A voting common stock is held by three financial institutions, with 31
percent held by one institution. Approximately 97 percent of the Class B voting
common stock is held by five FCS institutions (two of which are related to each
other through a parent-subsidiary relationship). Farmer Mac believes that the
concentration in the Class A voting common stock is a by-product of trading
activity in the stock over time and is not by design under the charter or any
regulatory mandate. Farmer Mac believes that the concentration in such a small
number of holders of Class B voting common stock is a by-product of the limited
number of eligible holders of that stock and the structure of the FCS, the
number of institutions of which has decreased over time as a result of mergers
and consolidations.

The dividend and liquidation rights of all three classes of Farmer Mac's common
stock are the same. Dividends may be paid on Farmer Mac's common stock only
when, as, and if declared by Farmer Mac's board of directors in its sole
discretion, subject to compliance with applicable capital requirements and the
payment of dividends on any outstanding preferred stock issued by Farmer Mac.
Upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the business of Farmer Mac,
after payment and provision for payment of outstanding debt of Farmer Mac, the
holders of shares of Farmer Mac's currently outstanding 5.875% Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series A ("Series A Preferred Stock") and any other preferred
stock then outstanding, would be paid at par value out of assets available for
distribution, plus all declared and unpaid dividends, before the holders of
shares of common stock received any payment.  The assets of Farmer Mac II LLC
are not directly available to satisfy the claims of Farmer Mac's creditors or
stockholders. Those assets will only be available to the creditors and
stockholders of Farmer Mac after all


7

obligations owed to creditors of and equity holders in Farmer Mac II LLC have
been satisfied. In addition, Farmer Mac II LLC has outstanding preferred stock,
which is permanent equity of Farmer Mac II LLC and presented as "Non-controlling
interest - preferred stock" within total equity on Farmer Mac's consolidated
balance sheets. See "Business--Financing--Equity Issuance--Non-Controlling
Interest in Farmer Mac II LLC." See also "Market for Registrant's Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities" for more
information regarding Farmer Mac's common stock, and
"Business--Financing--Equity Issuance" for more information on Farmer Mac's
common stock and preferred stock.

Unlike some other GSEs, specifically other FCS institutions and the Federal Home
Loan Banks, Farmer Mac is not structured as a cooperative owned exclusively by
member institutions and established to provide services exclusively to its
members.  Rather, Farmer Mac, as a publicly-traded corporation, has a broader
base of stockholders, including those who do not directly participate in the
secondary market provided by Farmer Mac. Therefore, Farmer Mac seeks to fulfill
its mission of serving the financing needs of rural America in a manner that is
consistent with providing a return on the investment of its stockholders.

Farmer Mac's policy is to require financial institutions to own a requisite
amount of Farmer Mac common stock, based on the size and type of institution, to
participate in the Farm & Ranch line of business.  As a result of this
requirement, coupled with the ability of holders of Class A and Class B voting
common stock to elect two-thirds of Farmer Mac's board of directors, Farmer Mac
regularly conducts business with "related parties," including institutions
affiliated with members of Farmer Mac's board of directors and institutions that
own large amounts of Farmer Mac's voting common stock.  Farmer Mac has adopted a
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs any conflicts of interest that
may arise in these transactions, and Farmer Mac's policy is to require that any
transactions with related parties be conducted in the ordinary course of
business, with terms and conditions comparable to those available to any other
counterparty not related to Farmer Mac.  For more information about related
party transactions, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations--Results of Operations--Related Party
Transactions" and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

Regulatory Oversight

Farmer Mac's charter assigns to FCA, acting through the separate Office of
Secondary Market Oversight ("OSMO") within FCA, the responsibility for the
examination and the general supervision of the safe and sound performance of the
powers, functions, and duties vested in Farmer Mac by the charter.  The charter
also authorizes FCA, acting through OSMO, to apply its general enforcement
powers to Farmer Mac.  Farmer Mac (including its subsidiaries) is the only
entity regulated by OSMO, which was created as a separate office in recognition
of the different role that Farmer Mac plays in providing a secondary market, as
compared to the roles of other FCS institutions as primary lenders.  The
Director of OSMO is selected by, and reports to, the FCA board.  The FCA board
approves the policies, regulations, charters, and enforcement activities
applicable to other FCS institutions, which are the only eligible holders of
Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock.  FCA has no regulatory authority over
the financial institutions that are the eligible holders of Farmer Mac's Class A
voting common stock.

Farmer Mac's charter requires an annual examination of the financial
transactions of Farmer Mac and authorizes FCA to assess Farmer Mac for the cost
of FCA's regulatory activities, including the cost of any examination.  Each
year, OSMO conducts an examination of Farmer Mac to evaluate its safety and
soundness, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and mission
achievement.  The examination


8

includes a review of Farmer Mac's capital adequacy, asset quality, management
performance, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to interest rate risk.  Farmer
Mac is also required to file quarterly reports of condition with OSMO.  In
addition, as a publicly-traded corporation, Farmer Mac is required to comply
with the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed discussion of Farmer Mac's
regulatory and governmental relationships, see
"--Government Regulation of Farmer Mac."

Capital

Farmer Mac's charter establishes three capital standards for Farmer Mac -
minimum capital, critical capital, and risk-based capital.  Farmer Mac is
required to comply with the higher of the minimum capital requirement and the
risk-based capital requirement.  Also, in accordance with a recently effective
FCA regulation on capital planning, Farmer Mac's board of directors has adopted
a policy for maintaining a sufficient level of Tier 1 capital and imposing
restrictions on dividends and employee (including officer) bonus payments in the
event that Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital falls below specified thresholds. For a
discussion of Farmer Mac's capital requirements and its actual capital levels,
and particularly FCA's role in the establishment and maintenance of those
requirements and levels, see "--Government Regulation of Farmer
Mac--Regulation--Capital Standards," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Balance Sheet Review--Equity,"
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources--Capital Requirements" and
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Regulatory Matters."

Employees and Property

As of December 31, 2013, Farmer Mac employed 67 people, located primarily at its
office at 1999 K Street, N.W., 4th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20006.  Farmer Mac
also maintains an office at 5408 NW 88th Street, Suite 120, Johnston, Iowa
50131.  Farmer Mac's main telephone number is (202) 872-7700.

Available Information

Farmer Mac makes available free of charge, through the "Investors" section of
its internet website at www.farmermac.com, copies of materials it files with, or
furnishes to, the SEC, including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and
amendments, if any, to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after
electronically filing those materials with, or furnishing those materials to,
the SEC.  Please note that all references to www.farmermac.com in this report
are inactive textual references only. The information contained on Farmer Mac's
website is not incorporated by reference into this report.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                             April 3, 2000, Monday

Rumblings

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 867 words


Stallkamp borrows $3 million from MSX

n its annual report filed March 24, MSX International Inc. disclosed that Vice
Chairman and CEO Thomas Stallkamp borrowed $3 million from the company on Feb.
28.

The loan has a 15-year term and an interest rate of 6.77 percent a year. The
loan is secured by a pledge to MSX International of shares of class A common
stock. Bruce Wagner, director of corporate communications for MSX International,
declined to comment on the reason for the loan.

Stallkamp, who joined the company in January, now owns 3,000 shares of class A
common stock, or a 2.9 percent ownership. Stallkamp's ownership is equal to the
amount owned by Chairman Erwin Billig. Stallkamp's salary at MSX was not
disclosed.

Before joining MSX International in January, Stallkamp was vice chairman of
DaimlerChrysler AG.

In another disclosure, MSX International disclosed that it paid $9.7 million for
a 75 percent stake in Turin, Italy-based Satiz S.r.l. on Dec. 31. Satiz is a
commercial and technical publishing subsidiary of Fiat S.p.A. The remaining 25
percent of Satiz was retained by Fiat.

Cancer benefit gives peek at Comerica Park

The first fund-raising event for the new Atanas Ilitch Osteosarcoma Foundation
could be a sellout, coming Wednesday as part of the public's first up-close look
at Comerica Park. The ballpark is the new home of the Detroit Tigers, owned by
Ilitch's father, Mike.

Event organizers expect to raise at least $200,000 for the new foundation,
filling the new Tiger Club with a capacity crowd of 700 people, said Heather
Hall, public relations manager for Gilda's Club Metro Detroit and a board member
of the new foundation.

The foundation was set up by Atanas Ilitch, who is now cancer-free after
treatment for osteosarcoma, a form of bone cancer.

The event features, among other things, a VIP reception with current and former
Red Wings, former Tigers and other sports celebrities and culminates with the
unveiling of bronze statues of Tigers' Hall of Famers Ty Cobb, Charlie
Gehringer, Hank Greenberg, Hal Newhouser and Al Kaline.

Tickets are $250 for the main event, scheduled for 7-10 p.m. A $350 ticket also
buys a VIP reception from 5:30 to 7 p.m. For ticket or sponsorship information,
call (313) 983-6050.

Wall Street Journal drops ball on baseball story

The usually reliable Wall Street Journal last week grabbed a Detroit Tiger by
the tail and ended up getting bit.

In a front-page story March 31 about a new baseball field in San Francisco, the
Journal misspelled the name of Tigers President John McHale Jr. after mocking
him for his previous statements about the need for public ballpark subsidies.

The Journal referred to McHale as McKale. McHale was quoted as saying Major
League Baseball stadiums require public subsidies to succeed. The story detailed
how principals of the San Francisco Giants built the $345 million Pacific Bell
Park with only private money.

The $300 million Comerica Park, which opens April 11, was built mostly with
private money. The city and state pledged about $95 million for the project,
while Tigers owner Michael Ilitch was responsible for raising the remainder.

Townsend ballroom opens to packed schedule

Oakland County welcomed its newest party palace last week: the long-awaited
ballroom at the Townsend Hotel in Birmingham. A couple of charity functions
scooped up opening night honors, but Lighthouse of Oakland County and HomeTown
Newspapers, publisher of the Observer & Eccentric papers, claimed opening-day
honors for the first public luncheon, honoring six Oakland County volunteers.

''There's not a weekend available the rest of the year,'' boasted managing
director Peter Wilde.  The room can hold 320 comfortably, with head table and
dance floor. The addition includes a separate valet entry on Merrill Street,
where guests enter a high-ceilinged foyer with marble floors.

Slinky to join other toys in Hall of Fame

Since buying the makers of the Slinky in mid-1998, Plymouth-based Poof Products
Inc. has had its product featured on a postage stamp and has learned the Slinky
is being inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame. (Yes, there really is such
a place, in Salem, Ore.)

The Slinky, that famous coil of wire that walks down stairs alone or in pairs,
was inducted along with the jump rope, the bicycle, jacks and Mr. Potato Head.
Previous inductees have included the Hula-Hoop, the Frisbee, Lincoln Logs,
Monopoly and Barbie.

Cafe Mahogany loses lease; looks for new home

Cafe Mahogany, downtown Detroit's coffeehouse hangout for poets, artists,
writers and musicians, has lost its lease and was to close Saturday, April 1, to
make way for a sports bar.

But out is not necessarily down, said Cyrus Shaw Jr., who with his brother Carl
is owner and operator of the popular Harmonie Park destination. ''We're looking
for another space downtown,'' Shaw said. ''Like the phoenix, we will rise gain,
stronger and more beautiful than before.''

First opened in December 1995, Caf Mahogany was located at 1465 Center St., next
to Intermezzo, offering a gathering place for artistic discussion and expression
for writers, artists and musicians.


LOAD-DATE: April 05, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stallkamp

                   Copyright 2000 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              787 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Chrysler to repay loans to Canada and Ontario; Payment clears path for Fiat to
increase its share of ownership

BYLINE: Scott Deveau, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Chrysler Group LLC confirmed Thursday that it intends to repay its outstanding
$7.5 billion US in loans from the governments of Canada and Ontario, as well as
the U.S. Treasury, in the second quarter.

The loans from the Canadian governments, which were given to the troubled
Detroit automaker as part of its bailout in 2009, currently have a face value of
$1.7 billion US, while the U.S Treasury loans sit at $5.8 billion US, according
to regulatory filings. As of Dec. 31, 2010, Chrysler said it had paid $1.2
billion US in interest on those loans.

Chrysler said it plans to repay the debt through refinancing it and from the
proceeds of newly issued debt securities offered and sold to institutional
investors in a private offering, subject to market and other conditions.

The news comes one week after Fiat SpA announced its intentions to increase its
stake in Chrysler by 16 per cent, bringing its current holdings to 46 per cent.
Fiat originally took a 20 per cent stake in Chrysler when it emerged from
bankruptcy protection in 2009, and has been building its holdings in the company
as it meets a series of financial objectives.

But before Fiat can conclude its most recent transaction, it must repay its
outstanding government debts, the company said.

"Chrysler Group intends to use the net proceeds of the term loan and the
offering, together with the proceeds from the recently announced exercise by
Fiat of an option to acquire an incremental ownership interest in Chrysler
Group, to repay its loans from the U.S. and Canadian governments in full and to
pay related fees and expenses," the company said in a statement. "The completion
of the offering, the credit facilities and the equity investment by Fiat under
its call option are expected to occur concurrently."

After the outstanding debt is paid and the Fiat transaction is complete, the
Canadian governments will still own 1.7 per cent of Chrysler as part of that
bailout package, an investment that will not likely be realized until the
automaker's initial public offering, which has been pushed off until sometime
next year.

The U.S. Treasury still holds 6.6 per cent of Chrysler; the United Auto Workers
union's health care holds 45.7 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rebecca Cook, Reuters; An assembly employee works on the bottom chassis
for Chrysler Jeeps, Grand Cherokees and Dodge Durangos at the Jefferson North
auto plant in Detroit.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

SCOTLAND FOR SALE;
LAIRDS ALMIGHTY CAMPAIGNERS ASK WHY JUST ; 432 OWN HALF OF SCOTLAND'S
COUNTRYSIDE ; Revealed Escalating calls for land reform to protect and boost
rural communities

BYLINE: Steve Smith

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 1446 words


Scotland's future will be decided at the ballot box next year but the fight over
who should own the hills and glens will rage on for far longer.

Politicians on both sides have locked horns with their arguments for and against
independence.

But miles away from Holyrood, the televised debates and opinion polls, people
living in the villages and scattered communities of rural Scotland are stepping
up the fight to shape their future.

Land reform - giving people a voice in the ownership, management and use of the
land they live on - is being closely scrutinised, with the Scottish Government
under growing pressure to begin meaningful reform.

Campaigners have called for changes in the law to give tenants more rights to
buy the land they rent from estate owners.

They say that too much of Scotland is controlled by a wealthy few, raking in
fortunes of taxpayers' cash in grants and subsidies - while their tenants
struggle to make a living.

The Scottish Land Reform Review Group (LRRG) are scrutinising the issues. But
their interim report this summer was branded by critics as "the most useless 52
pages ever committed to print" for suggesting so little to help those who want
to own the land they live and work on.

The experts are under increasing pressure to recommend tougher measures to help
communities in their second report due early next year.

Professor Jim Hunter, a former LRRG member, said: "We're now six years into an
SNP government which has done absolutely nothing legislatively about the fact
that Scotland continues to be stuck with the most unequal, most unreformed and
most undemocratic land ownership system in the entire developed world."

On one side, local communities want a greater say and stake in their homes and
their lands, demanding a voice in how their tenant farms are run and a chance to
buy the land from its owner.

Facing them are the super-wealthy, often absentee landlords who own huge swaths
of rural Scotland and the cash that the country's most remote corners generate.

Just 432 landowners own half of Scotland's private rural land.

Campaigners against the system want an end to images of wealthy,
tartan-trews-wearing aristocrats entertaining guests with shooting parties on
their Highland estate while tenant crofters nearby struggle to make a living.

Wealthy lairds fear the land reform group are under growing pressure to
recommend radical legislation which would give tenant farmers the right to buy
their farm - even if the landlord does not want to sell.

The mounting anger about the failure to reform the ownership of land in Scotland
comes 10 years after the public outcry surrounding clan chief John MacLeod's
attempt to sell the 23,000-acre Black Cuillin mountains for £10million in 2003.

The proposed sale of the estate on the Isle of Skye, which included 20 peaks, 14
miles of coastline and two salmon rivers, prompted widespread protests from
ramblers, mountaineers and residents raising questions over the validity of a
1611 charter granting lands, including mountains, to MacLeod's ancestors.

But despite claims that a wealthy American was interested, there was no sale and
the clan chief later said he would gift the mountains to the nation.

The stakes are high, with estate owners making millions of pounds of taxpayers'
cash from remote areas of Scotland they may seldom - if ever - visit.

The biggest landowners - who are seldom far from the top of Britain's rich list
- can easily rake in £6500 a week for shooting and fishing trips on a Highland
estate, £12,000 a week from the taxpayer in farming subsidies and forestry
grants and up to £1million a year from energy firms building windfarms on their
mountains.

Experts estimate that over the next decade a dozen lairds will receive up to
£1billion between them from the wind turbines scattered on hilltops across the
country.

Highly complex tax schemes also help to make sure that the bulk of the cash is
siphoned off to the estates' registered owners - companies based in tax havens
such as Grand Cayman and British Virgin Islands.

Other lairds transfer ownership to charitable trusts - whose membership is
limited to the landowner's family and close associates.

The Government, however, are investigating to see how landlords avoid paying an
estimated £40million a year in tax.

In June, the Commons Scottish Affairs Committee launched a probe into tax
avoidance after a report into two of Scotland's biggest landowners, the Duke of
Buccleuch and Danish tycoon Anders Holch Povlsen.

The report, by land reform campaigners, didn't accuse them of illegally dodging
tax but outlined how they legally minimised bills while claiming thousands in
public cash for forestry and farming.

Campaigners for land reform have highlighted previous Scottish success stories
where loss-making estates have been transformed into money-spinning ventures.

More than 500,000 acres have been bought by communities in a series of
high-profile buyouts.

In 2006, the loss-making South Uist sporting estate was bought by its residents
for £4.6million.

Within six years, the sporting business was profitable and the estate's fixed
asset value had soared to £24million - partly due to an £11million windfarm
financed on bank loans.

Even with loan repayments, the wind turbines will give the local community
around £800,000 in revenue a year. Community Land Scotland chairman David
Cameron said: "I live on Harris and over the last 50 to 60 years we have seen a
steady decline in population, schools closing and young people moving away.

"The community ownership in North Harris has been a shining example of what can
happen to turn things around - with new business investment and a real community
spirit. That's something which wouldn't have happened under continued private
ownership.

"The current system in Scotland is unfair. That's not the fault of all
landowners because they're not going to say no to being handed a family estate.

"But too many land areas are owned by people who are not really concerned about
what is happening to those who live on their land.

"Many, but not all, are presiding over declining rural communities and not doing
very much about it.

"It is happening in too many places to be for the good of the country as a
whole. It does seem that with community land ownership something magical happens
when the local people have the desire to make it work and rise to the occasion."

Landowners We don't exploit, we protect Scotland's landowners defend the current
system where just 432 lairds own more than half of the countryside.

They say field sports on their sprawling millionaires' playgrounds generate up
to £350million a year for the Scottish economy.

The country's wild moors and salmon rivers attract hunters and anglers from
around the world.

The wealthy landowners who throw open their estates each year to shooting
parties say the money generated would be lost and their estates broken up under
land reform.

The shooting parties think nothing of paying £6500 for a week's deer stalking
and fishing in areas such as Sutherland, one of the most popular shooting
destinations in the Highlands.

Landowners say the annual grouse-shooting season brings in £30million to
Scotland's economy - boosted 10 times by fishing and deer stalking.

The Scottish Land and Estates group, representing landowners, said it was vital
the sale of an asset, such as land and property, was based on "willing seller,
willing buyer".

The group insist an absolute right to buy for tenant farmers would "devastate"
the tenant farming sector, which is a proven way for young farmers to get their
foot on the farming ladder.

They added in a statement: "A vibrant tenanted sector is vitally important for
Scottish agriculture.

"It is time the land reform debate in Scotland was based more on fact than
prejudice."

THE DUKE Richard Scott, the 10th Duke of Buccleuch, owns 240,000 acres of land,
worth up to £1billion, making him the largest private landowner in the UK. His
four Scottish - and one English - estates encompass more than 1000 properties,
11,000 hectares of woodland, 200 tenanted farms and four mansions. Scott is boss
of Buccleuch Group, which has interests in property, rural affairs and food. The
family home is Drumlanrig Castle, Dumfriesshire.

THE DANE Billionaire Anders Holch Povlsen is one of Scotland's biggest
landowners after snapping up 120,000 acres.

The fashion magnate owns land in Inverness-shire and Sutherland. His purchases
led to speculation that he was buying into Scotland to rake in lucrative EU
farming subsidies.

His Sutherland estates are at the foot of the Kyle of Tongue sea loch. He also
owns the 43,000-acre Glenfeshie estate in Inverness-shire.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NET PROFIT Anglers fish for salmon on the River Tay
OUTCRY Clan chief John MacLeod tried to sell the Black Cuillins on the Isle of
Skye and, right, landowners hunt in the Highlands
TAKING OVER Danish billionaire Anders Holch Povlsen owns the 43,000-acre
Glenfeshie estate, right, in Inverness-shire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


             Copyright 2013 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             April 21, 2013 Sunday

Govt plans loan interest discount for farmers

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, April 21 -- The Ministry of Agriculture Development is preparing to
introduce the 'Interest Subvention Scheme' under which it will provide three
percent discount to farmers on interest on loans taken from state-owned banks.
The scheme will, however, be applicable only to loans that are taken after the
scheme's implemention.

The ministry has prepared guidelines in this regard based on the provision of
the recently introduced 'Adjusted Full Budget' by the government. The budget has
talked about providing interest subsidy to commercial agriculture too, which is
currently being provided to commercial animal farming only. "We have sent the
guidelines to the Finance Ministry for approval," said Prabhakar Pathak,
spokesperson of the ministry.

The agriculture sector received 7.98 percent of the total lending made by banks
and financial institutions (BFIs) during the first eight months of the current
fiscal year, according to Nepal Rastra Bank. The BFIs lent Rs 8.89 billion out
of the total lending of Rs 111.38 billion. A total of Rs 28.79 billion was lent
to the agriculture sector in the last fiscal year 2011-12.

Meanwhile, the ministry has enacted two other guidelines to promote farm
mechanisation and farm insurance in a bid to boost farm production and encourage
youths' participation in the sector. "All three guidelines have been sent to the
finance ministry," Pathak said, adding, "after we receive the go-ahead, these
guidelines will be sent to the Cabinet for final approval." The ministry has
proposed blanket VAT waiver on import of farm machineries.

Likewise, to encourage farmers to opt for crop insurance, the agriculture
ministry has proposed 50 percent discount on insurance premium as announced
through the budget. The budget has promised subsidising 50 percent premium
amount that the farmers have to pay to the insurers. The government had
introduced 'Fisheries, Poultry and Agriculture Insurance Scheme' on January 14,
2013.

"The budget has allocated Rs 20 million for this purpose," said Pathak. The
scheme aims to minimise the risk in commercialisation of agriculture sector
investment and ensure the investment by farmers and ensure security in the
investment made by the farmers.

Meanwhile, Minister for Agriculture Development Tek Bahadur Thapa Gharti said on
Saturday that the government is mulling setting up an 'Agriculture Departmental
Store' which will make agriculture goods available to consumers, while farmers
will be able to sell their produce to it.

He also said the government is doing homework to take the ownership of the
Agriculture Development Strategy (ADS) that will be completed by this April.
According to Gharti, they will make arrangements for a farm scheme and subsidy
to ensure better farm productivity as recommended by the ADS. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              May 25, 2010 Tuesday

David Parker: Keep farmland under NZ ownership

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 907 words


The current application by an overseas company for approval to buy hundreds of
millions of dollars of New Zealand farms should be causing concern.

No overseas purchaser has the right to buy New Zealand land or businesses. It is
a privilege, not a right. Until the 1980s overseas ownership of our farmland was
virtually prohibited. The rules on overseas investment still distinguish between
land and businesses.

I have been saying for some time that business assets with monopoly
characteristics - mainly infrastructure assets - should not be sold overseas.
They always make a profit and extract monopoly rents.

Competition laws limit but do not eliminate monopoly rents. We ought not to
export them overseas. I declined to approve the sale of Auckland Airport to
Canadian interests in 2008 as a then Minister.

That decision was criticised by National, but I still believe it was correct.
Infrastructure assets are especially important to the functioning of the
economy, and ought to be run in the New Zealand interest. This is best achieved
by New Zealand owners whose wider interests are more likely to be aligned with
New Zealand's.

Not selling these sorts of businesses overseas seems to me a proper line to
draw, but what about farmland?

For land greater than 5ha, Overseas Investment Commission approval must be
obtained. It is within the discretion of the Minister to decline consent. The
grounds upon which the Minister can decline to allow farm purchases are very
wide.

The free trade agreement (FTA) with China does not stop our Government, through
the Minister, declining to approve land sales. I was in Cabinet and explicitly
checked this very point before agreeing to the FTA.

Mr English recently confirmed to me in Parliament that he understands the FTA
does not mean we have to allow farmland to be sold to overseas buyers. Overseas
ownership of New Zealand farmland has always been controversial, but for a
number of reasons needs extra scrutiny now.

Land is our largest source of earnings in a fiercely competitive world. Land
ownership is also the source of control of our major farming co-ops. Lose land
ownership and New Zealand loses control of these co-ops and their crucial
influence on ensuring a good part of the value chain accrues to New Zealand.

The world is divided between countries running huge current account surpluses
(eg China and Germany) and those running large deficits (like NZ).

Even countries less wealthy than New Zealand can have concentrations of wealth
from generations of inequality (or State-based control), so that the few with
money are in a position to outbid New Zealand buyers for our best assets.

A major part of our current account deficit is comprised of interest and
dividends paid to overseas investors. New Zealand's poor savings record means we
are reliant on imported capital to fund the deficit.

Most of this comes via increased lending to home owners, but our deficit is used
by some as a misplaced justification for the sale of more productive assets to
overseas buyers.

China has a clear global resources acquisition strategy. It is widely reported
as systematically acquiring control of primary resources - especially minerals,
but also land - in Africa.

Our monetary policy settings have long meant New Zealand interest rates are
higher than those normally paid overseas. An overseas purchaser with lower
borrowing costs can afford to pay a higher price than a local buyer borrowing
from local lenders.

Our minimum capitalisation rules for foreign investors are too lax - again this
gives advantages to the overseas investor compared with a New Zealand investor.

The overseas investor as a consequence can pay less tax and so afford to pay a
higher price for the same asset (all other things being equal). This also
reduces the tax the Government receives, meaning the tax on others has to be
higher or services have to be cut.

The Reserve Bank has said that the New Zealand banking system is currently
exposed to shaky loans in the rural sector. Banks will want to sell-up borrowers
in default to the highest bidder, so as to minimise the bank loss.

They will want to sell to an overseas buyer if they can get a higher price. This
was clear from a recent radio interview with the bank receiver of the Crafar
dairy farms. The banks' interests do not necessarily reflect the New Zealand
interest.

Asset prices inflated beyond the means of New Zealanders also undermine social
mobility, and lead to concentrations of wealth amongst a smaller number. Do we
want that?

This combination of events means there are currently heightened risks that we
could lose control of too many of our best wealth producing assets, including
productive land.

These issues are complex and interlinked. To overcome them we need to increase
our savings, and stop consuming more than we earn. Cutting back on Kiwisaver was
a mistake.

We need better investment signals both via the tax system (as to tax mix; to
change the comparative advantages speculative investments enjoy; and to improve
minimum capitalisation rules) and through improved monetary policy settings. We
also need changes to our financial sector.

In the meantime, we face heightened risks. How should we respond?

While we need foreign investment we must not lose control of our best income
producing assets.

Why should we sell large tracts of our farmland or infrastructure assets to
overseas buyers?

* David Parker is a former Minister of Energy and Climate Change.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                            March 09, 2011 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Handover breaks new ground for land reform

BYLINE:  COLLEEN DARDAGAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 832 words


EXCITED, shocked, afraid.

This is how Mfanilo Dombele, one of 60 beneficiaries of a groundbreaking land
sale outside Pietermaritzburg, described his emotions when, in 2009, he heard
the farm where he was born and had lived almost all his life, was to be theirs.

"We saw the guys coming from the government, but Nkosana (a man who will inherit
something from his father) didn't tell us anything.

"A little while later they called a meeting and told us they were going to sell
the farm to us. We were shocked. We were scared Nkosana would run away. To run a
farm is a big problem. I was excited but I didn't trust it was going to happen.
When we started signing the papers we got scared because we were afraid we would
lose our pension."

Brothers Ant and Chris Edmonds, third-generation farmers on the 828-hectare
Donovale Farm, outside Pietermaritzburg, took the decision in 2009 to sell their
home to their workers. A decision, said Ant, that "tested" their emotions, but a
decision they were committed to - in partnership with their labourers - to help
them become confident farmers in their own right.

The newly formed Silwanentuthuko (We are striving for development) Land Trust,
took ownership of the highly productive sugar and fruit farm on March 1, 2009,
for which they had received a government grant to cover the R22 million purchase
price. A further R1.5m operational loan is repaid on a monthly basis.

The property is now managed by the Donovale Farming Company, of which 49 percent
is owned by the Trust and 51 percent by the Edmonds brothers.

"We structured it like that so that the management company wouldn't be exposed
and we can get on with the |day-to-day decision-making unhindered. The
management company pays a rental to the trust. We also kept this name to protect
our workers' pensions - they were very worried they would lose what has become
quite a considerable amount," said Ant.

"Not all the beneficiaries live on the farm. The |day-to-day operation is the
responsibility of the management company made up of five directors, which
include myself and my brother, Chris, a chartered accountant, and two members of
the trust, Mfanilo Dombele and Philisiwe Mamle - who are both supervisors on the
farm," he said.

Despite all 60 beneficiaries being paid out a small dividend at the end of last
year, Dombele said, there was still much to learn.

"These two guys must just stay with us until we can stand up on our feet and
make our own decisions."

Ant said the challenges were many but not insurmountable.

"The equity shareholding structure is foreign to uneducated people. The training
has been done by Lima (the rural development agency called in by the Edmonds
family to |assist) who were fantastic.

"They kept on reinforcing the concepts until everyone had a grasp of how it all
works. The most difficult thing now is to manage the expectations."

Saying that the scheme could probably work on most farms - although it would
have to be tweaked and made to fit, and economies of scale were critical - Ant
said the older folk on the farm had the most trouble coming to terms with the
ownership plan.

"Some thought they would get money right away. We had to manage that carefully
and keep explaining how the finances of a farm works," he said.

Peter Greene, of Lima, said the continuing success of the project hinged on Ant
and Chris's support.

"In situations like this, you are dealing with illiterate people. There is a
core who understand how the equity scheme works, but the bulk of the workers
don't. It requires a repetitive process and going over the steps again and
again. Expectations need to be managed. It takes a special kind of person to be
able to do this - it's a change of mindset - from making decisions on a farm
you've been running for generations to making joint decisions."

The farming company has now leased two additional farms, one from land claim
beneficiaries, and, said Ant, the plan was to continue growing. "If we keep on
building this company and keep training people in management, we will have a
vibrant, totally BEE company developing farming land for the people," he said.

"If we continue believing that only one section of the population can farm, who
is going to farm in the future? The only outstanding issue in South Africa now
is the land issue and we have to come up with alternatives to this vexing
problem. None of the goals set by government for land reform have been achieved.

"There were some farms handed to claimants but most of those are failing. We
can't go on like this."

He said it was also a relief not to have to worry about new legislation such as
the Draft Land Tenure Security Bill.

"I haven't even looked at it because I don't have to.

"It's great to be out of that scrum. We have removed ourselves from the
uncertainty of the unresolved land issue in South Africa."

Kwanalu president Robin Barnsley hailed the scheme as "excellent".

"This is something good that stems from a solid relationship between the Edmonds
brothers and their staff."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Goondiwindi Argus

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Print Edition

Dealing with farm debt issues...

SECTION: NONE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 378 words


Dealing with farm debt issues will again feature in this year's political cycle
in Queensland with the Farm Business Debt Mediation Bill set for debate.

The recently released Carnell inquiry into small business loans highlights some
ongoing issues with the adequacy of the law and practices governing financial
lending to small businesses. Unsurprisingly for our sector, the inquiry found
that there have been some very poor practices employed by some members of the
banking industry when dealing with the impairment of customer loans.

Of the cases submitted, the inquiry found that the banks acted reasonably a
third of the time, while in another third of cases it concluded that bank
conduct was unacceptable and possibly unconscionable. These findings are damming
and they are concerning for agriculture because farm businesses are capital
intensive and they have limited options for alternative sources of finance.

Perhaps also unsurprisingly, one of the 15 recommendations from the inquiry was
for a nationally consistent approach to farm debt mediation. The Federal
Government initiated the development of a nationally consistent approach in
September 2014; however, since then there has been little progress.

During this time the Queensland Government has progressed its own legislation to
address the stalled national approach. Ideally we should have a nationally
consistent approach, as the banking sector, and increasingly farm businesses,
operated across state jurisdictional lines.

With Australian farm bank debt levels increasing from around $10 billion to $60
billion over the past 25 years, the relationship between the banks and
agriculture has never been more entrenched.

So we must get the regulatory framework right, but we should also explore the
alternative sources of capital and new farm business structures that will be
required to drive the sector into future.

By Stuart Armitage, QFF president

For many farmers 2016 will go down as one of the more memorable and most
rewarding in their careers.Unfortunately however, last year's unusually
productive and price-positive farm sector performance - 16 per cent better than
the past five years - probably won't be repeated in 2017. In fact, history
suggests it might take more than a decade to happen again.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 August 2, 2016

                       BRIXWORTH FARMING COMPANY LIMITED

                                THE FARM OFFICE
                              GROOMS LANE, CREATON
                                  NORTHAMPTON
                              NORTHAMPTON NN6 8NN


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm Office Grooms Lane, Creaton, NORTHAMPTON NN6 8NN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01604505973
FAX: 01604505838
URL: www.brixworthfarming.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04020069

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 22, 2000
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Alastair Reginald Macdonald-buchanan, Property Land Ownership
     ·    Hugh William Lowther, Farmer
     ·    Thomas James Saunders, Farmer
     ·    Richard Turney, Farmer
     ·    Mr Lindsay Harrison Hargreaves, Farm Consultant
     ·    Mr Ian James Matts, Agronomist
     ·    Charles James Frederick Matts, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  39,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              726,476   643,627   616,725
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           726,476   643,627   616,725
Stocks                                       481,395   427,962   582,887
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -   194,641
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 560,020   549,048   396,064
Other Current Assets                         560,020   549,048   590,705
Total Current Assets                       1,041,415   977,010 1,173,592
Fixed Assets                                 726,476   643,627   616,725
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,767,891 1,620,637 1,790,317



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,032,736   976,213 1,155,809
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,032,736   976,213 1,155,809
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  206,604   188,457   186,308
Total Current Liabilities                  1,032,736   976,213 1,155,809
Total Long Term Liabilities                  206,604   188,457   186,308
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,239,340 1,164,670 1,342,117
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           355,000   295,000   195,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                173,551   160,967   253,200
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            528,551   455,967   448,200
Called Up Share Capital                       50,000    50,000    50,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           305,000   245,000   145,000
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   735,155   644,424   634,508


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     735,155   644,424   634,508
Net Worth            528,551   455,967   448,200
Working Capital        8,679       797    17,783
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         9.09  -1.25   -9.8
Current Assets       6.59 -11.26 -26.73
Current              5.79 -10.65 -28.86
Liabilities
Capital Employed    14.08  15.86  44.67
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        4
Year -1  8
=        4
Year -2  7
=        4
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.01         1      1.02
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.54      0.56      0.51
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.3      0.28      0.25
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.15      2.28      1.98
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 735,155

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Hardcastle Burton LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                              794 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Hoeven Gathers Input for 2018 Farm Bill, Reviews Research at USDA
Facility in Mandan

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, chairman of the Senate Agriculture Appropriations
Committee and a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, today reviewed
agriculture research being conducted at the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Northern Great Plains Research Lab in Mandan and gathered input from the
customer focus group, which is comprised of local producers, about research and
priorities as work begins to craft the 2018 Farm Bill.





 "Our farmers and ranchers do a tremendous job providing us with the highest
quality, lowest cost food supply in the world," said Hoeven. "The agriculture
research being conducted in North Dakota will help our producers to increase
crop yields, prevent disease, and improve soil health to enable our farmers and
ranchers to overcome challenges and produce the food we need to feed the world.
We're gathering input now that will help us as we draft the next farm bill."



 Hoeven, who oversees agriculture research funding as chairman of the
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, met with the customer focus group, local
producers who work with USDA employees at the lab to recommend research that
would be beneficial. The group is working on a soil health project and provided
input on research priorities as well as important priorities for the next farm
bill.



 Hoeven has worked to secure funding for the Agricultural Research Service
(ARS), the USDA's in-house research arm that maintains the research facility in
Mandan and the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo. In FY
2017, ARS received $1.178 billion in funding to support agriculture research.



 Additionally, Hoeven has been working to support North Dakota producers, who
are challenged by low commodity prices, including initiatives to:



     Provide Greater Access to Capital - Hoeven is working to reintroduce the
Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act, legislation to increase the maximum loan
amount that an individual producer is able to receive under the Farm Service
Agency's Direct and Guaranteed Loan Programs. This will help ensure farmers and
ranchers have access to enough capital to continue their operations when revenue
is limited. For example, it increases the FSA loan guarantee amount, which will
now cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39 million, and doubles the amount on
Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to $600,000.

     Provide Flexibility in Farm Programs - Last year, Hoeven secured a new $5
million, nationwide pilot program in the Senate's Fiscal Year (FY) 2017
Agriculture Appropriations bill to improve the fairness of the Agriculture Risk
Coverage (ARC) payment calculations. The senator continues to pursue a fix for
the issues that have occurred prior to the farm bill expiring, while exploring
long-term solutions to the problem for the next farm bill.  It is critical that
both the ARC and Price Loss Coverage (PLC) programs are updated as necessary to
provide a safety net that works when times are tough.



 Hoeven plays a key role in shaping the nation's agriculture policy as a member
of the Senate Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Appropriations Committee. Hoeven also served on the Senate-House Conference
Committee that crafted the final farm bill of 2014.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          December 29, 2004 Wednesday

Reyna's Parting Thoughts;
Reform Farm System with GSEs, ex-chief says

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 169 No. 248

LENGTH: 1228  words


In his more than six years on the board of the Farm Credit System's

regulator, including four as its chairman, Michael M. Reyna says he was too

busy regulating to advocate for wholesale changes to the system.

But now that he has left the board, he is offering some ideas for

modernizing the system and improving its governance.

Specifically, Mr. Reyna suggested in an interview last week that the

system be included in any legislation that aims to create a new regulator for

Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Home Loan banks -- a proposal that

would be popular with banks but not with Farm Credit System lenders.

He also argues that commercial banks and other rural lenders should have

access to the Farm Credit System's financing arm, the Federal Farm Credit

Banks Funding Corp.

Mr. Reyna acknowledged that this idea also would not go over well with

Farm Credit lenders, but he said it would benefit rural America by providing

more competition among lenders to farmers and ranchers.

"The Farm Credit System is the only retail GSE lender," he said. "Other

GSEs help provide liquidity to private-sector lenders. I believe this is an

area that is ripe for focus by Congress."

Mr. Reyna was the chairman of the Farm Credit Administration from January

2000 until May 2004. He kept his seat on the board until Dec. 2, when Dallas

C. Tonsanger succeeded him.

The FCA regulates the Farm Credit System, a group of lenders that makes

loans to farmers, and Farmer Mac, which buys and securitizes farm loans.

His argument for including the Farm Credit System and Farmer Mac in any

GSE reform is similar to one others have made about Fannie and Freddie:

taxpayers would potentially be on the hook to bail out Farmer Mac and the

Farm Credit System if they run into financial trouble.

A common regulator also makes sense because, like the housing GSEs,

Farmer Mac and the Farm Credit System have a public service mission, for

which they receive government support in terms of funding and tax breaks, he

said.

"To be intellectually consistent, if you were starting from ground zero

designing a regulatory scheme for GSEs, you would not leave out Farmer Mac or

the Farm Credit System," Mr. Reyna said.

Earnings restatements and accounting problems at Fannie, Freddie, and the

Home Loan banks have led Congress to consider changes in the way the

government oversees GSEs, including the establishment of an umbrella

regulator.

No lawmakers have proposed lumping the farm GSEs into a larger bill, and

Mr. Reyna acknowledged that because the $117 billion-asset Farm Credit System

and the $3.8 billion-asset Farmer Mac are small compared to the other GSEs,

they probably will not be included in any legislation.

Bankers also point out the logistical issues of an all-encompassing bill,

including the fact that the congressional financial services committees

oversee the housing GSEs, while the agricultural committees oversee the farm

GSEs.

Still, the banking industry, which has long complained that Farm Credit

lenders use their tax-exempt status to undercut banks on rates, likes what it

is hearing from Mr. Reyna.

John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's

Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said that there is nothing

fundamentally different between a loan secured by farm real estate and one

secured by residential real estate.

Mr. Blanchfield said that the ownership structures of the Home Loan banks

(which are owned by commercial banks in a cooperative structure) and Fannie

and Freddie (which are owned by the public) have led to calls for a strong

regulator to protect investors' interests.

"The fact that the Farm Credit System is owned by farmers and ranchers is

a compelling reason that they have a strong regulator looking out for their

interests," he said.

Farm Credit lenders, on the other hand, are less enthused with the idea.

Jack Cassidy, a senior vice president at $30 billion-asset CoBank ACB in

Denver, said that from CoBank's perspective, the housing and farm GSEs are

not dealing with the same issues and should maintain separate regulators.

Another change Mr. Reyna said would be useful is making the funding used

by the Farm Credit System available to all rural lenders. Providing low-cost

funding to everyone who lends in rural America would give borrowers there

more options, because all the lenders would have more liquidity and could

offer low-cost loans, he said.

Mark K. Scanlan, the director of agricultural finance at the Independent

Community Bankers of America, strongly endorsed that idea. Banks have partial

access to the funds through a program that lets banks set up an entity that

can borrow from the Farm Credit System, but the fees that normally go along

with the borrowing make the loans unattractive, he said.

Mr. Reyna said that even if the system's funds were made available to

other lenders, the system would still have a place as a direct lender to

farmers, because farmers own Farm Credit lenders and therefore would still

borrow from them.

His concern, though, is that some of the system's lenders have moved away

from being cooperatives that serve farmers' interests and now look more like

commercial banks.

The Farm Credit System has consolidated rapidly in the last five years --

it now is made up of about 100 lenders -- so the average asset size of a Farm

Credit lender has increased from about $250 million in 2000 to nearly $1

billion today, Mr. Reyna said.

"When you get into associations that are that large and have huge

geographical territory, how is a local farmer supposed to feel connected?" he

asked.

Mr. Reyna said he had hoped that Rabobank International's application to

buy the $8 billion-asset Farm Credit Services of America, of Omaha, which was

announced in July, would have brought these issues into public debate. But

because the application was never filed and the deal was called off in

October, the agency never had the chance to explore the issues that led Farm

Credit Services to consider leaving the system, he said.

Though his recommendations probably will not be well received by the

system, Mr. Reyna insists that his ideas are not meant as criticism, but

rather as ways to help the system better fulfill its mission of making sure

credit is available to those who might not qualify for bank loans.

He said one of the things that he was proudest of accomplishing during

his tenure at the FCA was adding a second M, "mission," to the Camels --

capital, assets, management, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity -- rating

system for Farm Credit System exams.

"My hope was that the system would put a great emphasis on young,

beginning, and small farmers, and I think they did," Mr. Reyna said.

From 2000 to 2003 the number of the system's loans to young borrowers

increased 20%, and loans to beginning borrowers increased 37%. Loans to

borrowers on small farms rose 32%.

Mr. Reyna, 48, hopes to continue to work in the financial services

industry, and he would like to work in the private sector in his native

Texas. Mr. Reyna, who has worked in housing, economic development, and

electoral reform in addition to agricultural lending, said he is taking his

time in his job hunt.

"I want to find something that is right, not just something that is

quick," he said. "I want to be able to work on issues that I care

passionately about with people I enjoy working with."

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.

http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Michael M. Reyna

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2004 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

Landbank to triple farm lending

LENGTH: 654  words


Land Bank of the Philippines plans to triple to P115 billion its lending to
small farmers and fisherfolk by 2022 by tapping what the state-run lender called
'corporatives.'

The Department of Finance announced that Landbank's target to drastically ramp
up its loan portfolio for the agriculture sector from P37.9 billion at present
was in line with 'President Duterte's goal of dispersing the benefits of growth
to the countryside through the development of the farm sector.'

According to Landbank president Alex Buenaventura, he would initiate a
reengineering of the credit facilities for small stakeholders in the agriculture
sector and encourage them to enter into 'corporatives.'

'A corporation would be formed to manage the consolidated farms of small farmers
who wish to take part in the corporative. The corporation would be owned 40
percent by Landbank and 60 percent by participating commercial banks. The
farmers would provide the manpower to keep their lands profitable,' Buenaventura
explained.

Also, 99 percent of the corporation's earnings would be distributed to the
participating farmers pro-rata according to their respective land ownership,
while 1 percent would be declared as dividends of the corporate owners,
Buenaventura added.

The Landbank chief also said that he would discuss with regulators the plan to
allow commercial banks that would be part of the corporative to strictly comply
with the Agri-Agra Law and allocate 15 percent of their total loanable funds to
farmers and fisherfolk as well as 10 percent to agrarian reform beneficiaries,
instead of paying fines for noncompliance.

'Also, a portion of the profits earned every harvest by the farmers would be
used by them to buy equity in the corporation, until such time that the 60
percent owned by commercial banks is fully divested to the small farmers,'
according to Buenaventura.

The proposed corporative approach aims to make small Filipino farmers globally
competitive and among the most productive and profitable in Asia, Buenaventura
said.

Landbank data showed that as of September, only 8.2 percent of the loan
portfolio or P37.9 billion of the total P482 billion were infused into the
agriculture sector.

With an end-September net income of P10.3 billion-an improvement from P4.1
billion a decade ago-Buenaventura said the lender was in a very good position to
further expand its services, reach and support especially to its mandated
sector, the farmers and fishers.

Buenaventura said that under the corporative, farmers could plant any of the
following cash crops that have high export potentials: Abaca, banana, cacao,
coconut, palm oil and rubber.

'Under the setup, the Department of Agrarian Reform will identify the lands
owned by small farmers that can be formed into corporatives cultivating rice,
sugar and banana,' said Buenaventura. 'The scheme will also work for palay
farmers who could face new challenges next year with the possible lifting of the
quantitative restrictions on rice in 2017.'

State planning agency National Economic and Development Authority earlier
disclosed the decision of the majority of economic managers to remove the
Philippines' quota on rice importation as the government moves to lower the
prices of the Filipino staple food.

Economic managers have been pushing the amendment of the decade-old Republic Act
No. 8178 or the Agricultural Tariffication Act of 1996, which had put the rice
import quota in place. In 2014, the World Trade Organization (WTO) allowed the
Philippines to extend its QR on rice until June 30, 2017, in a bid to buy more
time for local farmers to prepare for free trade in light of the government's
goal of achieving rice self-sufficiency.

Since the government imposes a quota on rice imports, domestic prices are
vulnerable to shocks resulting from meager supply. The QR puts the burden of
rice supply and demand on the government as market forces are being limited by
the quota system.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Pieces of puzzle to be found in Hanover labyrinth

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1198 words


Chalkie takes the bull by the horns, but still can't find the minotaur in the
maze.

--------------------

A weeks ago Chalkie was in need of diversion and decided to revisit the maze
called Hanover Finance.

Like any maze it looks innocuous at the entrance, but as it draws you into its
looping corridors and blind alleys it is easy to become distracted by shapes in
the shadows. Only by careful deployment of a ball of wool was Chalkie able to
emerge from its embrace with the beginnings of a map that traces some distinctly
strange arrangements.

The deals involve a double bankrupt, a rural property development, stiffed
creditors and, of course, several millions of dollars.

Let's begin in the middle, in the spring of 2009, when the Bream Bay News ran a
story about a subdivision at Waipu Caves Rd just south of Whangarei. It told of
several contractors owed large sums for work on the property whose mysterious
owners hid their identities behind a corporate trustee.

Fencing contractor Jeff Bowers was owed $53,000, a lot of money for a small
business. He told Chalkie last week he is still owed the money. He wasn't the
only one unpaid - road builder Dwayne Morgan was owed $11,000, fertiliser
supplier Alex McLennan $11,000, and security systems installer Dave McCluggage
said he was owed $8-$10,000.

The subdivision's owner in 2009 was listed in property records as North Farm
Trustees, whose sole director and shareholder was one Roy Brown. North Farm is
now defunct. Its liquidator described it as a bare trustee for a trust dealing
in farmland and rural property subdivision.

The beneficiaries of the trust were not identified, but the Waipu Caves
contractors believed the owner they were working for was a man named Ethnik
Krasniqi.

Connoisseurs of Hanover lore may recall Krasniqi's name being linked to the
failed Kinloch development near Taupo, sold by Hanover in a mortgagee sale to a
trust whose corporate trustee was Coromandel Investment Trustees - whose sole
director and shareholder was Roy Brown.

Krasniqi, reported to be the manager of the development while it was owned by
the trust, is a twice-bankrupted wheeler-dealer who appears to have a fondness
for Lamborghinis, judging by a court ruling on a minor commercial spat in which
he had a walk-on part.

His second bankruptcy was discharged in December 2006, six months after North
Farm Trustees acquired the subdivision at Waipu Caves from a local farmer.

Chalkie reckons therein could be an explanation for the opaque ownership -
bankrupts probably find it awkward doing large commercial property transactions.

However, you would think the outfit that loaned North Farm Trustees the money to
buy the land would have taken care to find out who it was lending to, so maybe
it wasn't Krasniqi.

In this case the lender was a finance syndicate set up by Auckland law firm
Short & Partners which agreed a $1.5 million mortgage in June 2006 and increased
the priority amount to $2.5m in April 2008. Both documents were signed by Brown.
Chalkie understands Shorts were not aware of who was behind the trust.

All this was merely another opaque property deal until October 2009, when the
subdivision was sold twice in the same day to end up in the hands of Hanover
Finance. The price was $6.75m.

Hanover at this point was in moratorium after collapsing in July 2008. It was so
short of cash its payback promise to investors was just 2c in the dollar each
quarter, starting in March 2009.

So why would a cash-strapped finance company already in default buy a block of
rural development land, when such assets were clearly desperately difficult to
sell?

Hanover spokeswoman Niki Schuck told Chalkie the transaction "would have been
subjected to the agreed moratorium protocols, which included approval from
independent directors and trustee consent, so the transaction would have been
done with the company's best interest in mind". Unfortunately, the company was
unable to say more about it, because it had "very little administrative resource
to call on to locate files and provide information specific to this
transaction".

Perhaps Chalkie can refresh their memories.

Between North Farm Trustees and Hanover Finance, the Waipu Caves property passed
momentarily - at 9.02am on October 8 - through the hands of Ganson Ltd, a
company belonging to Auckland-based property investor Andrew Budge.

Ganson bought the property for $6m and sold it for $6.75m - a difference that
equates to GST. This means Ganson did not gain or lose, despite the price being
well in excess of the property's $2.8m rateable value.

As Chalkie understands it, Ganson did the Waipu deal at Hanover's request as
part of another Hanover transaction involving the Bush Inn shopping mall in
Riccarton Rd in Christchurch.

Bush Inn's owner at the time was Platinum Property Group, whose sole director
and shareholder, residential property developer Warren Fenning, is a former
close neighbour and business associate of Hanover boss Mark Hotchin. Fenning's
house in Orakei backs on to Hotchin's mansion under construction on Paritai
Drive, and the two share a company called Viti Resort Ltd.

Fenning also has links to another public figure - reality show celebrity Sally
Ridge, with whom he is reportedly romantically involved.

Anyway, Platinum had acquired Bush Inn from Bush Inn Corporation, part of the
Axis Property Group, owned by Hotchin and his Hanover partner Eric Watson.
Platinum's purchase in early 2006 was financed by a loan from Hanover Finance
with a priority amount of $29m.

So, in effect, the money from Hanover Finance went to a Hotchin and Watson
company, a subsidiary of Axis.

Whether this counts as a related-party transaction is moot, but Chalkie couldn't
find a reference to it in Hanover's prospectus.

Unfortunately what Fenning paid is not disclosed in property documents, but we
do know that when Budge bought Bush Inn from Fenning in late 2009, the price was
$37.6m.

In the process, Budge bought out Hanover's loan to Fenning.

This was getting complicated, so it probably helped that the same solicitor from
a major law firm represented both Hanover Finance and Platinum during the
transfers.

Given this detail and the closeness between Fenning and Hotchin, Chalkie can't
help wondering whether Fenning's Bush Inn ownership was at arm's length from
Hanover.

It also seems odd that Hanover, which was desperate for cash, would want to take
a subdivision in Waipu as part- payment for its interest in Bush Inn, especially
when the $6m valuation was so much higher than the rateable value.

And Chalkie finds it curious that, according to a 2007 High Court judgment,
North Farm Trustees liquidator Stuart Robertson was Krasniqi's employer during
his bankruptcy.

Although the failed lender's trustee apparently had no concerns about these
arrangements, Chalkie is struggling to think of a reason they could make
commercial sense for Hanover.

No wonder there remains such unease around the company's labyrinthine affairs,
even if no-one has ever seen the minotaur.

Chalkie is written by Tim Hunter, deputy editor of the Fairfax Business Bureau.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Lines converge: Chalkie wonders whether ownership of the Bush Inn Centre was at
arm's length to Hanover.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Hanover labyrinth a curious tangle

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1197 words


Chalkie takes the bull by the horns, but still can't find the minotaur.

--------------------

AFEW weeks ago Chalkie was in need of diversion and decided to revisit the maze
called Hanover Finance.

Like any maze it looks innocuous at the entrance, but as it draws you into its
looping corridors and blind alleys, it is easy to become distracted by myriad
shapes in the shadows. Only by careful deployment of a ball of wool was Chalkie
able to emerge from its embrace with the beginnings of a map that traces some
distinctly strange arrangments.

The deals involve a double bankrupt, a rural property development, stiffed
creditors and, of course, several millions of dollars.

Let's begin in the middle, in the spring of 2009, when the Bream Bay News ran a
story about a subdivision at Waipu Caves Rd just south of Whangarei. It told of
several contractors owed large sums for work on the property whose mysterious
owners hid their identities behind a corporate trustee.

Fencing contractor Jeff Bowers was owed $53,000, a lot of money for a small
business. He told Chalkie last week he is still owed the money. He wasn't the
only one unpaid - road builder Dwayne Morgan was owed $11,000, fertiliser
supplier Alex McLennan $11,000 and security systems installer Dave McCluggage
said he was owed $8000-$10,000.

The subdivision's owner in 2009 was listed in property records as North Farm
Trustees, whose sole director and shareholder was one Roy Brown. North Farm is
now defunct. Its liquidator described it as a bare trustee for a trust dealing
in farmland and rural property subdivision.

The beneficiaries of the trust were not identified, but the Waipu Caves
contractors believed the owner they were working for was a man named Ethnik
Krasniqi.

Connoisseurs of Hanover lore may recall Krasniqi's name being linked to the
failed Kinloch development near Taupo, sold by Hanover in a mortgagee sale to a
trust whose corporate trustee was Coromandel Investment Trustees - whose sole
director and shareholder was Roy Brown.

Krasniqi, reported to be the manager of the development while it was owned by
the trust, is a twice-bankrupted wheeler dealer who appears to have a fondness
for Lamborghinis, judging by a court ruling on a minor commercial spat in which
he had a walk-on part.

His second bankruptcy was discharged in December 2006, six months after North
Farm Trustees acquired the subdivision at Waipu Caves from a local farmer.

Chalkie reckons therein could be an explanation for the opaque ownership -
bankrupts probably find it awkward doing large commercial property transactions.

However, you would think the outfit that lent North Farm Trustees the money to
buy the land would have taken care to find out who it was lending to, so maybe
it wasn't Krasniqi.

In this case the lender was a finance syndicate set up by Auckland law firm
Short & Partners which agreed a $1.5 million mortgage in June 2006 and increased
the priority amount to $2.5m in April 2008. Both documents were signed by Brown.
Chalkie understands Short was not aware who was behind the trust.

All this was merely another opaque property deal until October 2009, when the
subdivision was sold twice in the same day to end up in the hands of Hanover
Finance. The price was $6.75m.

Hanover at this point was in moratorium after collapsing in July 2008. It was so
short of cash its payback promise to investors was just 2c in the dollar each
quarter, starting in March 2009.

So why would a cash-strapped finance company already in default buy a block of
rural development land, when such assets were clearly desperately difficult to
sell?

Hanover spokeswoman Niki Schuck told Chalkie the transaction "would have been
subjected to the agreed moratorium protocols, which included approval from
independent directors and trustee consent, so the transaction would have been
done with the company's best interest in mind".

Unfortunately the company was unable to say more about it, because it had "very
little administrative resource to call on to locate files and provide
information specific to this transaction".

Perhaps Chalkie can refresh their memories.

Between North Farm Trustees and Hanover Finance, the Waipu Caves property passed
momentarily - at 9.02am on October 8 - through the hands of Ganson Ltd, a
company belonging to Auckland-based property investor Andrew Budge.

Ganson bought the property for $6m and sold it for $6.75m - a difference that
equates to GST. This means Ganson did not gain or lose, despite the price being
well in excess of the property's $2.8m rateable value.

As Chalkie understands it, Ganson did the Waipu deal at Hanover's request as
part of another Hanover transaction involving the Bush Inn shopping mall on
Riccarton Rd in Christchurch.

Bush Inn's owner at the time was Platinum Property Group, whose sole director
and shareholder, residential property developer Warren Fenning, is a former
close neighbour and business associate of Hanover boss Mark Hotchin. Fenning's
house in Orakei backs on to Hotchin's mansion under construction on Paritai
Drive, and the two share a company called Viti Resort Ltd.

Fenning also has links to another public figure - reality show celebrity Sally
Ridge, with whom he is reportedly romantically involved. Anyway, Platinum had
acquired Bush Inn from Bush Inn Corporation, part of the Axis Property Group,
owned by Hotchin and his Hanover partner Eric Watson. Platinum's purchase in
early 2006 was financed by a loan from Hanover Finance with a priority amount of
$29m.

So, in effect, the money from Hanover Finance went to a Hotchin and Watson
company, a subsidiary of Axis. Whether this counts as a related-party
transaction is moot, but Chalkie couldn't find a reference to it in Hanover's
prospectus.

Unfortunately what Fenning paid is not disclosed in property documents, but we
do know that when Budge bought Bush Inn from Fenning in late 2009, the price was
$37.6m.

In the process, Budge bought out Hanover's loan to Fenning.

This was getting complicated, so it probably helped that the same solicitor from
a major law firm represented both Hanover Finance and Platinum during the
transfers.

Given this detail and the closeness between Fenning and Hotchin, Chalkie can't
help wondering whether Fenning's Bush Inn ownership was at arm's length from
Hanover.

It also seems odd that Hanover, which was desperate for cash, would want to take
a subdivision in Waipu as part-payment for its interest in Bush Inn, especially
when the $6m valuation was so much higher than the rateable value.

And Chalkie finds it curious that, according to a 2007 High Court judgment,
North Farm Trustees liquidator Stuart Robertson was Krasniqi's employer during
his bankruptcy.

Although the failed lender's trustee apparently had no concerns about these
arrangements, Chalkie is struggling to think of a reason they could make
commercial sense for Hanover.

No wonder there remains such unease around the company's labyrinthine affairs,
even if no- one has ever seen the minotaur.

Chalkie is written by Tim Hunter, deputy editor of the Fairfax Business Bureau.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Lines converge: Chalkie wonders whether ownership of the Bush Inn Centre was at
arm's length to Hanover.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Pieces of puzzle to be found in Hanover maze

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1197 words


CHALKIE takes the bull by the horns, but still can't find the minotaur.

--------------------

A few weeks ago Chalkie was in need of diversion and decided to revisit the maze
called Hanover Finance.

Like any maze it looks innocuous at the entrance, but as it draws you into its
looping corridors and blind alleys it is easy to become distracted by shapes in
the shadows. Only by careful deployment of a ball of wool was Chalkie able to
emerge from its embrace with the beginnings of a map that traces some distinctly
strange arrangements.

The deals involve a double bankrupt, a rural property development, stiffed
creditors and, of course, several millions of dollars.

Let's begin in the middle, in the spring of 2009, when the Bream Bay News ran a
story about a subdivision at Waipu Caves Rd just south of Whangarei. It told of
several contractors owed large sums for work on the property whose mysterious
owners hid their identities behind a corporate trustee.

Fencing contractor Jeff Bowers was owed $53,000, a lot of money for a small
business. He told Chalkie last week he is still owed the money. He wasn't the
only one unpaid - road builder Dwayne Morgan was owed $11,000, fertiliser
supplier Alex McLennan $11,000, and security systems installer Dave McCluggage
said he was owed $8-$10,000.

The subdivision's owner in 2009 was listed in property records as North Farm
Trustees, whose sole director and shareholder was one Roy Brown. North Farm is
now defunct. Its liquidator described it as a bare trustee for a trust dealing
in farmland and rural property subdivision.

The beneficiaries of the trust were not identified, but the Waipu Caves
contractors believed the owner they were working for was a man named Ethnik
Krasniqi.

Connoisseurs of Hanover lore may recall Krasniqi's name being linked to the
failed Kinloch development near Taupo, sold by Hanover in a mortgagee sale to a
trust whose corporate trustee was Coromandel Investment Trustees - whose sole
director and shareholder was Roy Brown.

Krasniqi, reported to be the manager of the development while it was owned by
the trust, is a twice- bankrupted wheeler-dealer who appears to have a fondness
for Lamborghinis, judging by a court ruling on a minor commercial spat in which
he had a walk-on part.

His second bankruptcy was discharged in December 2006, six months after North
Farm Trustees acquired the subdivision at Waipu Caves from a local farmer.

Chalkie reckons therein could be an explanation for the opaque ownership -
bankrupts probably find it awkward doing large commercial property transactions.

However, you would think the outfit that loaned North Farm Trustees the money to
buy the land would have taken care to find out who it was lending to, so maybe
it wasn't Krasniqi.

In this case the lender was a finance syndicate set up by Auckland law firm
Short & Partners which agreed a $1.5 million mortgage in June 2006 and increased
the priority amount to $2.5m in April 2008. Both documents were signed by Brown.
Chalkie understands Shorts were not aware of who was behind the trust.

All this was merely another opaque property deal until October 2009, when the
subdivision was sold twice in the same day to end up in the hands of Hanover
Finance. The price was $6.75m.

Hanover at this point was in moratorium after collapsing in July 2008. It was so
short of cash its payback promise to investors was just 2c in the dollar each
quarter, starting in March 2009.

So why would a cash-strapped finance company already in default buy a block of
rural development land, when such assets were clearly desperately difficult to
sell?

Hanover spokeswoman Niki Schuck told Chalkie the transaction "would have been
subjected to the agreed moratorium protocols, which included approval from
independent directors and trustee consent, so the transaction would have been
done with the company's best interest in mind". Unfortunately, the company was
unable to say more about it, because it had "very little administrative resource
to call on to locate files and provide information specific to this
transaction".

Perhaps Chalkie can refresh their memories.

Between North Farm Trustees and Hanover Finance, the Waipu Caves property passed
momentarily - at 9.02am on October 8 - through the hands of Ganson Ltd, a
company belonging to Auckland-based property investor Andrew Budge.

Ganson bought the property for $6m and sold it for $6.75m - a difference that
equates to GST. This means Ganson did not gain or lose, despite the price being
well in excess of the property's $2.8m rateable value.

As Chalkie understands it, Ganson did the Waipu deal at Hanover's request as
part of another Hanover transaction involving the Bush Inn shopping mall in
Riccarton Rd in Christchurch.

Bush Inn's owner at the time was Platinum Property Group, whose sole director
and shareholder, residential property developer Warren Fenning, is a former
close neighbour and business associate of Hanover boss Mark Hotchin. Fenning's
house in Orakei backs on to Hotchin's mansion under construction on Paritai
Drive, and the two share a company called Viti Resort Ltd.

Fenning also has links to another public figure - reality show celebrity Sally
Ridge, with whom he is reportedly romantically involved.

Anyway, Platinum had acquired Bush Inn from Bush Inn Corporation, part of the
Axis Property Group, owned by Hotchin and his Hanover partner Eric Watson.
Platinum's purchase in early 2006 was financed by a loan from Hanover Finance
with a priority amount of $29m.

So, in effect, the money from Hanover Finance went to a Hotchin and Watson
company, a subsidiary of Axis. Whether this counts as a related-party
transaction is moot, but Chalkie couldn't find a reference to it in Hanover's
prospectus.

Unfortunately what Fenning paid is not disclosed in property documents, but we
do know that when Budge bought Bush Inn from Fenning in late 2009, the price was
$37.6m.

In the process, Budge bought out Hanover's loan to Fenning.

This was getting complicated, so it probably helped that the same solicitor from
a major law firm represented both Hanover Finance and Platinum during the
transfers.

Given this detail and the closeness between Fenning and Hotchin, Chalkie can't
help wondering whether Fenning's Bush Inn ownership was at arm's length from
Hanover.

It also seems odd that Hanover, which was desperate for cash, would want to take
a subdivision in Waipu as part-payment for its interest in Bush Inn, especially
when the $6m valuation was so much higher than the rateable value.

And Chalkie finds it curious that, according to a 2007 High Court judgment,
North Farm Trustees liquidator Stuart Robertson was Krasniqi's employer during
his bankruptcy.

Although the failed lender's trustee apparently had no concerns about these
arrangements, Chalkie is struggling to think of a reason they could make
commercial sense for Hanover.

No wonder there remains such unease around the company's labyrinthine affairs,
even if no-one has ever seen the minotaur.

Chalkie is written by Tim Hunter, deputy editor of the Fairfax Business Bureau.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Lines converge: Chalkie wonders whether ownership of the Bush Inn Centre was at
arm's length to Hanover.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 20, 1990 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

PRIMARY INDUSTRY BANK GAINS APLUS INAUGURAL RATING

BYLINE: MARK BEYER

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 260 words


The Primary Industry Bank of Australia Ltd has obtained its inaugural rating of
A+ from Australian Ratings Ltd as a prelude to raising term debt in the domestic
corporate bond market.

PIBA was established in 1978 by a consortium of banks to provide long-term rural
finance but is now wholly owned by the Rural&Industries Bank of Western
Australia.

Since the change of ownership in 1987, PIBA has ceased its original refinancing
role and now provides loans in its own right, principally to the farm sector but
also for commercial purposes.

Australian Ratings said the rating was based on the sound quality of the bank's
portfolio, its efficient operating structure, good profit history and firm
market niche.

PIBA is not guaranteed by the State-owned R&I Bank, which recently obtained a
AAA rating.

PIBA's managing director, Mr Bev Walters, said: "The rating will broaden the
bank's investor base through enhanced access to domestic capital markets.

He added the bank expected to raise $100 to $200 million of term debt in the
domestic corporate bond market next year.

The bank has actively used the Eurobond market to raise term debt in recent
years and Mr Walters said the domestic funding would provide more flexibility in
raising term debt.

The proposed term borrowing compares with PIBA's total assets of about $1.1
billion, of which about $650 million is made up of farm loans.

PIBA has also built up a commercial loan portfolio of about $100 million.

In the year to March 1990, it posted a pre-tax profit of $11.9 million, up from
$7.5 million in the previous year.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1990 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 November 30, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY EDITION

May not buy Gardens, Stavro says

BYLINE: BY TONY VAN ALPHEN TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 266 words


Grocery store magnate Steve Stavro says although he has a grip on future
ownership of Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd., he might not buy the company.

Stavro, president of Knob Hill Farms, has a little more than four years to
decide if he wants to exercise rights to ultimately own the Gardens. But in a
securities filing yesterday, he left open the possibility someone else might
eventually control the famous sports franchise.

The decision whether to exercise the rights will depend on the appraisal value
of the Gardens' assets and market conditions, as well as the business plan,
strategies and other investment opportunities for him and Knob Hill Farms, he
said.

Stavro, an executor of the estate of late Gardens boss Harold Ballard, gained
additional power recently to buy the Gardens or decide its future ownership by
Jan.1, 1996.

In March, he bailed out the estate with a $ 20 million loan to buy from Molson
Cos. a key chunk of the holding company that indirectly controls the Gardens.
Under that deal, Stavro gained an option to buy the estate's shares.

That became more valuable when rock concert promoter Bill Ballard, Harold's son,
sold his Gardens interests to the estate this fall. At the same time, Stavro
also agreed to buy up to 19.9 per cent of the Gardens from Molson by April 15,
1994.

In the filing to the Ontario Securities Commission, Stavro noted that he reached
the deals so the estate could maintain control of the company and manage it in a
way that would increase its value and maximize benefits for charities designated
under Harold Ballard's will.


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              802 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              November 30, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

May not buy Gardens, Stavro says

BYLINE: By Tony Van Alphen Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 271 words


   Grocery store magnate Steve Stavro says although he has a grip on future
ownership of Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd., he might not buy the company.

Stavro, president of Knob Hill Farms, has a little more than four years to
decide if he wants to exercise rights to ultimately own the Gardens. But in a
securities filing yesterday, he left open the possibility someone else might
eventually control the famous sports franchise.

The decision whether to exercise the rights will depend on the appraisal value
of the Gardens' assets and market conditions, as well as the business plan,
strategies and other investment opportunities for him and Knob Hill Farms, he
said.

Stavro, an executor of the estate of late Gardens boss Harold Ballard, gained
additional power recently to buy the Gardens or decide its future ownership by
Jan.1, 1996.

In March, he bailed out the estate with a $20 million loan to buy from Molson
Cos. a key chunk of the holding company that indirectly controls the Gardens.
Under that deal, Stavro gained an option to buy the estate's shares.

That became more valuable when rock concert promoter Bill Ballard, Harold's son,
sold his Gardens interests to the estate this fall. At the same time, Stavro
also agreed to buy up to 19.9 per cent of the Gardens from Molson by April 15,
1994.

In the filing to the Ontario Securities Commission, Stavro noted that he reached
the deals so the estate could maintain control of the company and manage it in a
way that would increase its value and maximize benefits for charities designated
under Harold Ballard's will.Maple; Leaf; Gardens

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              803 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                            December 18, 1988 Sunday

It always is the best time to build

LENGTH: 405 words


It would be a major mistake for intending home buyers to be

"frightened" out of the market by talk of rising interest

rates, according to a Hickinbotham Homes' executive, Mr Karl

Katchmar.He said that while this held good for all categories of buyers,

it was particularly true for first home buyers who qualified

for concessional finance.

As a leading South Australian and community estate developer,

Hickinbotham had "seen it all".

But whether the times be boom or bust, experience had shown

now was always the time best to build, said Mr Katchmar, Hickinbotham's

sales and contracts manager.

Figures released by Don Cummings, as reported by the Housing

Industry Association, confirmed his point.

The median cost of building a new home in South Australia has

fallen $8300 since November last year, while the median cost

of buying an established home has increased $10,000 in the same

period.

When it came to houses people could afford, Mr Katchmar believed

Hickinbotham's Andrews Farm estate at Smithfield West had set

a new standard.

Quality

house

"Where else can you find a quality three-bedroom house on

a major new estate for $51,500, including Colorbond fencing

to three sides, professional front lawn landscaping and all

site works costs?"

A first home buyer qualifying for maximum benefits under the

Federal Government's First Home Owner's Scheme and the State

Bank's concessional loan could own their own home at Andrews

Farm for only $44 a week and $1000 total down payment.

Demand for house and land packages at Andrews Farm had been

strong since its release in March. It was not just the price and value

but because it combined

what people could afford with quality and character.

Mr Katchmar said a prospective home owner who does not qualify

for a concessional loan is still better off buying now.

For example, a 25-year mortgage of $45,000 at 13.5 per cent

interest would be repaid in weekly repayments of $120, or repayments

at 15 per cent would be $132.

These figures are more than comparable with average rents for

a three-bedroom home, he said, but much of the rent money would

be wasted while mortgage repayments led to home ownership and

financial security.

For more details call at any of Hickinbotham's five display

centres - Andrews Farm, Willaston, Salisbury North, Golden Grove and Woodend

(Trott Park).

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: karl katchmar; Mr Katchmar

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              804 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 6, 2011 Sunday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Bank in Mendenhall case has other troubled properties

BYLINE: By Harold Brubaker; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. D08

LENGTH: 316 words


Perhaps someone at Stonebridge Bank is a history buff.

Besides the Mendenhall farm in Pennsbury Township, which has been in the same
family since 1703 but is on the verge of being lost because of debt owed to
Stonebridge, the West Chester bank has already taken over other financially
troubled local historic landmarks.

Stonebridge is trying to find a buyer for the Bucks County Playhouse in New
Hope, which it bought at a sheriff's sale in December after bankrupt former
owner Ralph A. Miller could not make payments on a $2 million mortgage from July
2008.

In downtown Pottstown, Stonebridge, which has stockholders but is not publicly
traded, repossessed a prominent building on High Street last month when the
previous owners, the Pottstown Development Group L.P., defaulted on a $2.8
million loan.

But Stonebridge, which was founded in 1999 and opened a Maryland branch that
lent to home builders and condo developers in what was then the red-hot southern
Delaware and Maryland markets in the mid-2000s, also has plenty of problems with
loans on properties with no historical significance.

Stonebridge's senior vice president and counsel, Carol Ann Mueller, declined to
comment on the bank's loan portfolio, which had $36.8 million in loans on Sept.
30 that were not performing well, according to the latest FDIC data.

The bank's ratio of nonperforming assets, including the value of repossessed
real estate, to total loans, is 10.97 percent. Only two Philadelphia-area banks
had a higher ratio on Sept. 30: First CornerStone Bank in King of Prussia, at
12.74 percent, and Wilmington Trust Corp. in Wilmington, at 11.08 percent.

The troubles have put Stonebridge in a role no Chester County bank would want to
have: that of real estate developer for beleaguered housing projects such as
Pritchard Farms in Frostburg, Md.

Contact staff writer Harold Brubaker at 215-854-4651 or
hbrubaker@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               December 09, 2013

'Resolve 99-Year Lease Impasse'

LENGTH: 460 words


CONCERN on the non-transferability of 99-year leases remains the single biggest
impediment to efforts to the land use contracts acceptable as security for bank
loans to fund initiatives aimed at rejuvenating agricultural production and
productivity.

While banks openly expressed their reservations regarding fears to provide loans
against current 99-year leases, analysts contend sticking issues relate to
resolving transferability of the land use contracts in the event a borrowed
farmer defaulted.

Zimbabwe requires an average of US$2 billion to fund agriculture in order to
restore production and productivity that was affected partly by land ownership
reorganisation, but largely by the country's decade of economic instability.

Efforts at reviving the sector have suffered from the lack of affordable
long-term funding, especially considering agriculture has traditionally been
private sector funded.

But attendant land ownership terms on transferability make the 99-year leases
unattractive to banks for purposes of getting loans, starving farmers of
funding.

With Government announcing it will not directly fund farmers beginning next
year, resolving the issue of the 99-year leases to make them useful as
collateral for bank loans to farmers has never been more urgent and critical
than now.

And fears have started swirling about possible delays to making 99-year leases
bankable with Rural and Lands Resettlement Minister Dr Douglas Mombeshora saying
Government wanted to first look into banks' recent input to the process.

Land held under the 99-year leasehold remains the property of the State and
cannot be transferred without the consent of the Minister of Lands and Rural
Resettlement.

On the other hand, financial institutions require collateral in the form of
immovable property, to be guaranteed of repayment for loans advanced to farmers.

Concerns arise when a farmer fails to repays the loan. Since the debt-ridden
farmer was leasing the land from the State, any new farmer who inherits the farm
and extinguishes the debt is not guaranteed security of tenure.

Geo-information consultant at GISkonsult Plc and Midlands State University
lecturer (Surveying and Geomatics Department), Dr Charles Paradzayi, contends
there are two options Government can use to balance competing interests.

Though, Dr Paradzayi contends Government's protectionist attitude on land may be
justified by a recent report by the International Land Coalition to the effect
that an estimated 83 million hectares have been acquired by investors in
large-scale agriculture in many of the developing economies around the world.

This development reportedly marginalised the indigenous people in the process,
yet there is need to make land transferable to be usable as collateral for
loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

IT TAKES A CITY BOY TO SUGGEST A WAY TO SAVE FAMILY FARMS

BYLINE:  DAVE ZWEIFEL , The Capital Times editor emeritus , dzweifel@madison.com

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 294 words


A few jaws dropped recently when Madison's mayor, Paul Soglin, a native of
Chicago, came up with a suggestion on how the state could convince young people
to get back into family farming.

You heard me right. The mayor of the state's second-largest city came up with a
plausible idea to help the family farming community while he was attending a
recent tax reform roundtable being held by Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch and
Revenue Secretary Richard Chandler in Madison.

Why not take a page from the alreadyexisting Wisconsin Housing and Economic
Development Authority, the Madison mayor asked at the roundtable. WHEDA, he
explained, offers low-down-payment and low-interest loans to qualified home
buyers ? thus helping young couples to qualify for home ownership.

He came up with the suggestion after hearing several farmers explain why young
people can't get into farming these days. They can't come up with enough money
or the collateral to buy land. So older farmers wind up selling their farms to
big corporate operations, further eroding the state's family farm culture.

Kleefisch, who famously began the tax reform hearings in secret a few weeks ago
and then changed her mind and opened them to the public, was intrigued.

Soglin later told me he was glad the lieutenant governor was intrigued with the
idea and hopes something comes of it. But he also hopes that she and the
governor, Scott Walker, take seriously the other points he made during the
roundtable ? the need to increase payments to Madison for the municipal services
it furnishes the state and to give his city the revenue sharing it ought to be
receiving.

Soglin insists the state has long shortchanged Madison and he'd like that to
end.

Something tells me he'll probably have better luck with the farm idea.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 13, 1999

Ag Secretary Warns Farm Land Values Are Starting to 'Soften'

BYLINE: By Ted Cornwell

LENGTH: 724 words

Washington-Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has warned Congress that farm real
estate values are "beginning to soften" as a result of weakness in the
agricultural economic sector.

"The strong increases in farm real estate values in the 1990s slowed sharply in
1998 and began declining in a few states. Thus far, the data show the drop in
farmland values to have been fairly modest in most areas of the country," Mr.
Glickman said in testimony at a congressional hearing in August.

Data from the Federal Reserve System shows that the collapse in farm commodity
prices has hurt farmland prices in Iowa, Illinois, and Indiana more than in
other states. Between April of 1998 and April of this year, farm land values in
that region fell by 8% to 11%, the USDA said.

"Given the current price and income prospects for major crops and livestock, we
can expect further pressure on land prices in the months ahead, particularly in
the Corn Belt, Plains states, and mid-south," Mr. Glickman said.

The relatively steep drop in farm land prices reflects the regions' reliance
upon corn and soybeans, both of which have suffered prolonged price drops, Mr.
Glickman said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that the debt-to-asset ratio for
farm operates remained stable at about 15% in 1998, below the over 20% levels
reported during the farm financial crisis of the mid-1980s.

Nonetheless, Mr. Glickman said the USDA is "closely watching developments in the
balance sheet for agriculture."

The problems may not be over for farm land owners and lenders, because the USDA
expects to see continued downward pressure on crops and livestock. Already,
prices for some commodities have hit their lowest point in two decades.

Prices for corn, for example, are about 30% of their average price from 1993 to
1997. Soybean prices are at their lowest point since 1971. Hog prices are at
their lowest point since 1972.

Looking ahead, economists at the USDA say that prices for hogs, cattle, and
field crops likely will remain low for the rest of 1999 and much of 2000,
placing additional financial pressures on farmers and ranchers who specialize in
the production of these commodities and are already highly leveraged with debt.

Many sectors of the farm economy are in the second year of "the most severe
financial stress of the decade," the agriculture secretary said. Due to low
commodity prices, farm cash receipts are expected to fall to $ 191 billion in
1999 from almost $ 208 billion in 1997, according to the USDA.

Additionally, agricultural exports have fallen, due to strong production levels
overseas.

U.S. agricultural exports are projected to be only $ 49 billion this year, after
reaching a record high of nearly $ 60 billion in the government's 1996 fiscal
year.

That is putting pressure on farmers and making it more difficult for them to
service their debt. Agricultural lenders such as the Farm Credit System and
commercial banks expect to see increasing delinquencies on farm land debt as a
result.

As a result of the drop in farm prices, government support for farmers is
expected to grow to $ 16.6 billion this year, up from $ 12 billion last year.
Government farm payments had been declining under legislation to reduce federal
support for agriculture, but Congress and the Clinton administration agreed to
increase agricultural spending to counter balance falling commodity prices.

Moreover, the Clinton administration has asked Congress to increase the USDA's
authority to make guaranteed loans. Funds are or soon will be exhausted for
other low interest loan programs as well, Mr. Glickman said.

"For FY 2000, additional loan funds will be needed to provide credit to
producers who are unable to obtain credit without our assistance. Many of these
funds will be needed for guaranteed farm operating and farm ownership loans.
Weakening farm financial conditions have caused many lenders to seek FSA
guarantees as a condition of providing further credit to farmers," he said.

As if the deflation of commodity prices was not enough trouble for farmers and
ranchers, many have also had to deal with weather disasters this year.

A severe drought has led the USDA to declare disaster areas in much of the
Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              808 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 5, 2007 Monday

White House threatens veto of $288B farm bill

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Intl Biz Briefing

LENGTH: 678 words


The Bush administration threatened to veto a multibillion-dollar farm package on
Monday, saying the Senate bill doesn't cut farm subsidies enough and would
threaten World Trade Organization negotiations. The veto threat came as the
Senate started debate on the $288 billion bill, with opponents vowing to reduce
the billions of dollars in annual subsidies paid to growers of corn, wheat,
cotton, rice and other major crops. The veto threat came from acting Agriculture
Secretary Charles Conner, who criticized as "budget gimmicks" a delay in some
payments to farmers until after the five-year life of the bill. He also
criticized a proposed crackdown on tax shelters under the "economic substance"
doctrine. According to that measure, for a company to claim a tax deduction for
a specific transaction, the transaction must yield a profit or have some other
clear economic benefit separate from the tax effect. Banks tighten standards on
home loans

More banks have tightened lending standards on home mortgages, the Federal
Reserve said Monday in the latest sign of fallout from a spreading credit
crisis. The Fed said many banks reported tighter standards for traditional prime
mortgages, nontraditional mortgages such as "interest only" loans and for
subprime mortgages, those offered to borrowers with weak credit histories. The
Fed survey, which was conducted in early October, found that 41 percent of banks
responding said they had tightened loan standards either "considerably" or
"somewhat" for prime residential mortgages, those offered to borrowers with
strong credit histories.Diller's IAC to split into 5 businesses

IAC/InterActiveCorp, the media conglomerate run by Barry Diller, said Monday it
will break itself into five publicly traded businesses - an indication the media
mogul's plan to build a multimedia empire has failed. The New York-based company
plans to spin off its HSN home shopping network, Ticketmaster ticketing service,
Interval time-share business and LendingTree mortgage referral units. Roughly 30
Web-only brands - including the Ask.com search engine,  Match.com , Evite,
Citysearch and Excite - would remain as part of IAC. Diller also said IAC had
reached a renewed deal with Google Inc. for the search giant to continue as its
advertising-listings provider for another five years. Diller estimated that
deal's more favorable terms would bring in more than $3.5 billion in revenue, a
key reason the company felt the Internet-only part of the business was ready to
operate on its own.Fired Wal-Mart exec opts not to refile suit

A former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. ad executive says she won't refile a
breach-of-contract lawsuit against the company. She also acknowledged that
allegations of ethical breaches she made in her original suit, which was
dismissed, contained inaccuracies. In August, a judge threw out Julie Roehm's
suit filed in Michigan, saying the matter should be heard in Arkansas, where
Wal-Mart is based. With Roehm's decision to not refile, Wal-Mart spokeswoman
Mona Williams said Monday the company would drop its countersuit against Roehm.
Roehm said she received no money from Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer.
Roehm's initial suit sought up to $1.5 million and alleged Wal-Mart breached its
contract with her. Wal-Mart filed a counterclaim accusing Roehm of having an
affair with a subordinate and of accepting gifts and otherwise showing
favoritism toward an agency that was lobbying for Wal-Mart's account.

BRIEFLY

House & Garden, a glossy high-end magazine focused on home design, will shut
down at the end of the year, more than a century after it originally launched,
parent company Conde Nast Publications said Monday. ... PepsiCo Inc. said Monday
it was reorganizing to create three operational units, combining operations in
the Americas and dividing its food and beverage businesses in that region. ... A
Los Angeles jury awarded $3.3 million Monday to six workers who claimed they
were left sterile by a pesticide used at a banana plantation in Nicaragua
operated by Dole Fresh Fruit Co.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                August 01, 2010
                                   E1 Edition

ANC mulls mining proposal

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly and Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT WEEKEND; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 849 words


Next month's ruling ANC national general council will consider a radical
proposal of the youth league that 60 percent of any new mining activity should
be owned by the state along with 50 percent of all existing mines.

It puts the youth league at loggerheads with the national leadership, who are
downplaying calls for a greater state role in private mining.

Details on who will own and manage mining assets and what the costs will be to
the government and the economy need to be clearer, the ANC said in a discussion
document posted on its website on Friday.

"The risks of failure as well as the benefits of success" also need to be better
explained, it said.

The ANC Youth League (ANYCL), led by Julius Malema, has vowed to support party
leaders who advocate nationalising new mines, with a state-owned mining company
holding a minimum of 60 percent.

Mining generates 30 percent of South Africa's export revenue, 18 percent of its
corporate taxes and 500 000 direct jobs, according to the mines ministry.

"Debates on this subject are vexed by the fact that nationalisation takes many
different forms," the ANC said.

"The Zambian experience with nationalising the mines points to some of the
risks."

Zambia resold some of its copper mines after nationalising them in the 1970s,
the ANC said. Copper output dropped from 720 000 tons a year in the 1970s to
less than 300 000 tons in 2000.

The youth league also proposes a state bank to facilitate the transactions of a
state mining company, which would manage its majority stake in existing private
sector mines and its 60 percent stake in new mines.

However, significantly, President Jacob Zuma, speaking on Friday at the national
farm workers' summit in Somerset West, referred to land ownership hunger.

While he did not support nationalisation outright, he did note that the Freedom
Charter - regarded as a foundation document of the ruling ANC - stated that the
land "shall be shared among those who work it".

He also said that in terms of the charter the land would be "redivided among
those who work it". It would imply that Zuma's government is moving increasingly
in the direction of supporting a greater state role in wealth-producing
activities - including mining and agriculture - on rural land. However, Zuma
emphasised during a state visit to the United Kingdom earlier this year that
nationalisation was not part of the ANC's policy.

Mineral Resources Minister Susan Shabangu and the parliamentary mining resources
portfolio committee chairperson Fred Gona have been given support for the
concept of a state-owned mining company which would compete with private
sector-owned mines.

Tina Joemat-Pettersson, the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister, gave
support during the farm workers' summit to the re-establishment of an
agricultural credit facility - such as that run during the apartheid era -
managed by the state to provide cheaper loans to emerging black farmers. She
specifically argued that liberalisation of the agricultural economy had been too
extensive and had abolished certain institutions which had worked for farmers.

The youth league states in proposals to be put to the ANC national general
council that nationalisation of mines "means the democratic government's
ownership and control of mining activities including exploration, extraction,
production, processing, trading and beneficiation of mineral resources in South
Africa".

The league noted that while nationalisation "is not a panacea for South Africa's
developmental challenges", it should in the manner they were proposing it
"entail democratising the commanding heights of the economy, to ensure they are
not just only legally owned by the state, but thoroughly democratised and
controlled by the people". This included in the workplaces, the management, and
decision-making processes.

Just to ensure that the concept of nationalisation was all-embracing, the youth
league said it would include gold, platinum group metals, chrome, coal,
manganese, diamonds, copper, metals and aluminium.

"The democratic government's ownership and control should happen through a
democratic, open and decisive legislation in Parliament," said the youth league.

Noting the Botswana model - where the government had a 50/50 share with De Beers
in the diamond wealth of the country - the league said that a state-owned mining
company "should assemble and consolidate all state interests" in mining.

An expropriation act would define the state's public interest expropriation
model.

The Minerals and Petroleum Resources Development Act should include a clause to
compel mining corporations to partner the state on a minimum of 60 to 40 percent
arrangements for all new mining activities, the league said.

The ANC will discuss a 19-page document on "economic transformation" at its
national general council from September 20 to 24 in Durban.

"The state must respond more effectively to factors that impose unnecessary
costs on business and the economy, notably around the value of the rand, the
quality and cost of infrastructure, skills bottlenecks and the regulatory
framework," it said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                            February 3, 1991 Sunday

Homeseekers get answers

LENGTH: 216 words


Hickinbotham Homes will hold its next housing information

night on Tuesday, February 12, at 7pm in the Gawler Reception

Centre.

Hickinbotham's sales and contracts manager, Mr Karl Katchmar,

said the free information nights were popular, giving potential

home buyers a better understanding of the building industry.

Top team

of speakers

It enabled them to ask questions on design, building, estate

development, finance, and more, without obligation.

Speakers at the reception centre, 19 Murray St, Gawler, will

include Hindmarsh Building Society loans manager, Mr Peter Hunter,

who will talk about the finance options available.

HomeStart Finance retail service manager, Mr Peter Maywald,

will explain how HomeStart loans can make home ownership possible

to those who otherwise could not afford one.

Other speakers will include Hickinbotham's Mr Alan Gadsby (choosing

design and location), Mr Geoff Greenow (the building process)

and Miss Ruth Hickinbotham, who will outline the benefits of

community living, in particular the development plans at Munno

Para's new community, Andrews Farm.

Anyone wishing to attend can register at Hickinbotham display

centres at Willaston, Andrews Farm, Golden Grove or Woodend,

or telephone 362 6341 during office hours.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: woodend estate display centre; The Woodend Estate display centre
the development has a newland release. See story this page.

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              811 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                            February 3, 1991 Sunday

Homeseekers get answers

LENGTH: 216 words


Hickinbotham Homes will hold its next housing information

night on Tuesday, February 12, at 7pm in the Gawler Reception

Centre.

Hickinbotham's sales and contracts manager, Mr Karl Katchmar,

said the free information nights were popular, giving potential

home buyers a better understanding of the building industry.

Top team

of speakers

It enabled them to ask questions on design, building, estate

development, finance, and more, without obligation.

Speakers at the reception centre, 19 Murray St, Gawler, will

include Hindmarsh Building Society loans manager, Mr Peter Hunter,

who will talk about the finance options available.

HomeStart Finance retail service manager, Mr Peter Maywald,

will explain how HomeStart loans can make home ownership possible

to those who otherwise could not afford one.

Other speakers will include Hickinbotham's Mr Alan Gadsby (choosing

design and location), Mr Geoff Greenow (the building process)

and Miss Ruth Hickinbotham, who will outline the benefits of

community living, in particular the development plans at Munno

Para's new community, Andrews Farm.

Anyone wishing to attend can register at Hickinbotham display

centres at Willaston, Andrews Farm, Golden Grove or Woodend,

or telephone 362 6341 during office hours.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: woodend estate display centre; The Woodend Estate display centre
the development has a newland release. See story this page.

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              812 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                               May 3, 2013 Friday

Deal struck over disputed assets Jean Hubbard 'painted as greedy and evil'

BYLINE: Marta Steeman

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 580 words


Christchurch investor Tony Brazier says the depiction of widow Jean Hubbard by
the statutory managers as "greedy" and "evil" was never correct.

Brazier's comments come after yesterday's announcement by the statutory managers
of the late Allan Hubbard-run fund, Aorangi Securities, that they had struck an
eleventh hour agreement with his widow Jean Hubbard over $60 million of disputed
assets.

The statutory managers from accountancy firm Grant Thornton declined to comment
or respond to Brazier's contentions they painted Jean Hubbard as evil and
greedy.

About 400 investors in Aorangi were told in a letter yesterday from them that
they would receive most if not all their capital back "over time" because of the
agreement which means court proceedings to determine ownership, set down for May
20, will not go ahead.

They are owed $96m, including the $60m of disputed assets.

"Who knows if that (the word 'capital') means interest as well," Brazier said.

He invested in Aorangi Securities, a fund set up by Hubbard, which lent to
farmers and agricultural businesses. Aorangi was placed in statutory management
by the Government on June 20, 2010, along with a few other entities controlled
or run by Allan Hubbard.

"No surprise to me. I'm hoping that a few investors will actually now realise
that Mrs Hubbard had no intention of keeping that $60m," Brazier said. "She just
wanted to get enough to pay, that's my understanding, and the rest was always
going to the investors."

"When she applied for the $60m she was painted by the statutory managers as
being the evil one, trying to be greedy which was nowhere near the case. She was
simply trying to find some money to pay her bills."

The statutory managers said in December last year that Jean Hubbard "is
personally contesting Aorangi's ownership of the $60m of assets. She wants to
keep the assets worth $60m" and that was holding up the return of their funds.

Brazier said hopefully it would not take more than two years to get their
capital back. They had already been returned 15 per cent.

Brazier is a member of the "liaison group" of investors that kept in regular
contact with the statutory managers. "We always knew the bulk would end up in
investors' hands."

Although Brazier is critical of the way statutory managers depicted the dispute
with Jean Hubbard, he praises one of them, Trevor Thornton, for doing a "very
good job" of chasing farmers Hubbard had lent investors' money to. Thornton had
put in farm advisers to help the farmers refinance their loans or sell their
farms.

Brazier did not know the size of Jean Hubbard's bills but he assumed the
confidential settlement included her receiving payment to settle them.
"Unfortunately I met a few investors who had been put off Mrs Hubbard from what
they read in the paper."

"She had every intention of giving the money back to investors after she paid
her bills and this vindicates that."

Allan Hubbard put the $60m of assets into trusts for the benefit of Aorangi
investors to make up for a shortfall and in order to issue a complying
prospectus. Statutory management was imposed before those were complete and
Grant Thornton subsequently unwound the transactions leading later to them
seeking a determination from the High Court as to who owned them.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Support: Hundreds of people rallied in Timaru to back local businessman Allan
Hubbard when some of the entities he ran were placed in statutory management in
June 2010.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

Tony Brazier

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             January 7, 1991 Monday

MP ASSETS LIST FOR PROBE - SPEAKER

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: MCCARTHY J

LENGTH: 418 words


Speaker to probe MP's assets list By JOHN McCARTHY THE Speaker of Parliament, Mr
Fouras, will investigate whether National Party MP Mr Bob Katter was in contempt
of Parliament over his submission for the pecuniary interest register. State
MLAs are now compelled by legislation to list all assets and liabilities on the
public register. The deadline for the list was December 27. In his list, Mr
Katter wrote that his business dealings were so extensive he might have
forgotten to include some interests. He wrote: ""This is signed on the
pre-condition that it is the best of my knowledge and memory. ""I have had, and
hope will have, numerous business interests. It would be hard to envisage a
situation in which I have not or do not have an interest that would not be a
pecuniary and political conflict of interest." The legislation which was
introduced last month says that a member who gives false, incomplete or
misleading information would be guilty of contempt which in extreme cases could
be punished by expulsion. Mr Fouras confirmed the issue would be investigated
today. Two of the three National Party MLAs who failed to lodge lists of their
interests by the deadline said yesterday they were delayed by their accountants.
Mr Mick Veivers (Southport) and Mr Tony Elliott (Cunningham) lodged their lists
on Friday. Mr Howard Hobbs (Warrego) said he would fill in and submit his return
today. He said there had been more important tasks he had to attend to such as
the shooting and burying of 447 sheep on his north Queensland property. He said
that no matter what financial interests a politician held, someone could always
find a conflict of interest. Mr Hobbs would not disclose his assets. Mr Veivers
said his list would include joint ownership with his wife in a house, a car and
a half share in an investment unit in Labrador. Mr Elliott said his return would
list the ownership of two farms, a house in Paddington which was rented, a block
of land at Sunshine Beach jointly owned with his wife and interests in various
trustee companies. The Acting Premier, Mr Burns, yesterday said it was likely
that ALP MP Mr Warren Pitt (Mulgrave) would be able to continue with a
$24-a-week Queensland Housing Commission loan. He said it could be illegal to
demand that someone renegotiate a binding contract. The loan taken out by Mr
Pitt was in the mid-1970s and was at a fixed rate of $24 ""which was a lot of
money back then", Mr Burns said. Mr Pitt refused to comment on the loan.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              814 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

South Africa Mainstream Renewable Power Khobab Wind (RF) Pty Ltd; Loeriesfontein
2 (RF) Pty Ltd; Noupoort (RF) Pty Ltd; Kangnas (RF) Pty Ltd; and, Perdekraal
East (RF) Pty Ltd

LENGTH: 579  words


Fiscal year: 2017
Status: Proposed
Guarantee holder: Lekela Power B.V.
Investor country: Netherlands
Host country: South Africa
Environmental category: A
Sector: Power
Date SPG disclosed: October 24, 2016
Projected Board date: December 22, 2016
Gross exposure up to : $137 million
Project Type: Non-SIP
Strategic priority area: Energy efficiency and climate change
ESRS: Lekela Wind Energy Facilities
Project description:


This summary covers equity and shareholder loan investments by Lekela Power B.V.
(Lekela) in five wind farm projects (the  Projects ) in the Northern and Western
Cape Provinces in South Africa. The investor has applied for a MIGA guarantee
for equity and shareholder loan investments of total up to $36.5 million and
$109.5 million, respectively, for a period of up to 20 years against the risk of
expropriation, transfer restriction, breach of contract, and war and civil
disturbance.
The proposed projects consist of the construction, ownership, operation and
maintenance of five wind energy generating facilities with capacity ranging from
81MW to 140MW. The electricity output will be sold to Eskom SOC under a 20 year
power purchase agreement. The projects were awarded under Round 3 and Round 4 of
the South African Renewable Energy Independent Power Producers Procurement
program (REIPPP).
Environmental Categorization:
The project is a category A under MIGAs Policy on Environmental and Social
Sustainability due to potentially significant adverse and diverse impacts
related to mortality caused by seasonal and other bird movements across the
project sites and potential loss of habitat of high conservation value. In
addition, there is an incremental risk of cumulative impacts on birds from
several wind farms and solar projects currently under development regionally and
in some cases near the Projects. Click here to view the Environmental and Social
Review Summary.
Development Impact:
Renewable independent power producers have grown rapidly in the past five
years.Although South Africa remains heavily dependent on coal, the government
plan is to have 17.8 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2030.
Supporting the development of these wind power projects fits in with the
Government of South Africas renewable energy plan of helping develop clean,
renewable and low-cost electricity in the country.The projects are expected to
(i) support the diversification of South Africas energy mix, (ii) contribute to
increased generation capacity (iii) reduce carbon omissions by producing green,
emission-free electricity (iv) create employment opportunities (v) contribute to
local community development through financial benefits generated by the projects
and (vi) provide strong demonstration effects in South Africa and neighboring
countries.

MIGAs support for this project is aligned with the agencys strategic priority in
supporting investments in climate change and in continuing to increase MIGAs
activities in Sub-Sahara
Project completion date : 2018-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : LEKELA POWER B.V.

Address : De Boelelaan 7
Amsterdam,  1083 HJ

Country :Netherlands
Email : info@lekela.com

Url : http://lekela.com /

Financier : MULTILATERAL INVESTMENT GUARANTEE AGENCY (MIGA),

Financier address : Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA)
World Bank Group
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: 1.202.458.2538
Fax: 1.202.522.2630
Email: migainquiry@worldbank.org
https://www.miga.org /

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2017 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday
                                Atlantic Edition

GLOBAL FOOD PRICES;
Seeing big potential in tiny farms

BYLINE: DOUG SAUNDERS

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 797 words

DATELINE: OXFORD, ENGLAND


dsaunders@globeandmail.com

One of the world's cruellest dilemmas is that the great majority of its
starvation and malnutrition cases are found among farmers. A third of all humans
attempt to live off the land, and often find themselves uttering some
earth-bound version of the Ancient Mariner's lament: Fields, fields everywhere,
without a grain to eat.

The world's 450 million tiny farms (under two hectares) should be producing much
of our food, but instead, they tend to produce grinding misery. Until very
recently, this problem was the domain of charity and aid: The rural poor were
seen as victims and kept away from the brink of starvation by drip-feeding
outside assistance.

This has changed rather abruptly. As food prices have shot upward - and as
projections show even greater food demand, driven in part by reductions in world
poverty, leading to more calories consumed - those tiny farms suddenly look less
like victims and more like business opportunities.

The potential is enormous. There are entire fertile regions of sub-Saharan
Africa, the Indian subcontinent and East Asia that could each produce more food
and commodities than all of Europe's fields, but that are, in fact, large-scale
food importers, because their land is tied up in barely functioning farms.
Everyone finds this frustrating: farmers, food buyers and agriculture
corporations.

"We see these farmers as customers. Getting to their market and reaching out to
small-hold farmers is part of our business growth and business development
strategy," said Kavita Prakash-Mani, head of the food-security program for
seed-and-pesticide multinational Syngenta. She spoke during a yearly summit
organized by Canadian billionaire philanthropist Jeffrey Skoll in Oxford this
week. Starbucks and Coca-Cola executives also spoke of their desire to tap this
giant market in tiny farms.

But, Ms. Prakash-Mani said, they've found it surprisingly difficult to get small
farms connected to the market: They're much more difficult and expensive to
reach than traditional commercial farms. "We're used to dealing with the big
farmers in European and North America, where you meet them on a golf course and
make a deal. There may be 500 million farmers growing on less than a hectare,
but that 500 million hectares could just as easily be 20 farmers in Brazil."

Because this is both a business problem of interest to large corporations and a
poverty-reduction problem of interest to governments and charities, a very odd
ecology of intermediate organizations has sprung up - including a number of
companies that work, sometimes for profit, to turn thousands of tiny farms into
functioning businesses.

There's a basic problem here, says Kola Masha, the head of a Lagos-based credit
firm that doles out $2-million in loans to thousands of maize farmers in
northern Nigeria.

Those small farmers don't produce much food in part because they can't afford to
buy decent seeds and fertilizer. They can't afford seeds or fertilizer because
they can't borrow money based on their future crop sales. And, Mr. Masha notes,
that's because lending them money can be so expensive: Interest rates on tiny
loans are already, by definition, very high; add to that the cost of servicing
loans across regions, and the considerable cost of hedging those loans against
volatile developing-world currencies, and, he says, "you've priced them right
out of the credit market."

Banks and micro-credit agencies are also reluctant to lend because small farmers
often have no collateral: Property ownership is ambiguous and few countries have
small-claims courts to deal with defaults. (Brazil, an exception, owes a lot of
its development success to the creation of such institutions.)

While the potential is huge, few want to take the risk of building agricultural
supply and value chains in the developing world. Such investments take many
years to generate returns, which tend to be very modest - rendering them
uninteresting to corporations and venture capitalists, but increasingly
appealing to Chinese state enterprises and a few people with local knowledge.

Mr. Masha's approach is to set up tiny farms as franchises, so lower-interest
loans can be part of a larger financial relationship between farm and buyer.
Others are trying to solve the problem by teaching the smallest farmers to link
into futures, commodity and credit markets.

"What we're all attempting here is for small farmers to grow their product
better so they can get to markets better so they can have better incomes," says
Simon Winter of TechnoServe, a long-established Washington-based non-profit
whose 1,400 employees provide technical assistance to small developing-world
farmers.

"At the end of the day," Mr. Winter says, "we're talking about poor people
getting a little less poor."

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2014 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

LAAD IV

LENGTH: 473  words


Region : Latin America and the Caribbean
Sector : O-DA - Development Finance Company
Department : Gbl Ind, Manufact, Agribus & Services
Environmental category : FI2
Date SPI disclosed : June 9, 2016
Projected board date : July 15, 2016
Last Updated Date : June 9, 2016
Project Description : Proposed investment consists of long-term loan to Latin
American Agribusiness Development Corporation S.A. ( LAAD  or  the Company ) and
its fully owned subsidiary LAAD Americas N.V. to support growth of its portfolio
of medium and long-term loans to agribusiness SMEs in Latin America and the
Caribbean ( LAC ).


Project Sponsor and Major Shareholders of Project Company :


LAAD, an IFC investee company and portfolio client, is a non-bank financial
institution specialized in lending to agribusiness SMEs in LAC. LAAD was
incorporated in 1969 by a number of major multinational companies engaged in the
agribusiness supply chain and financial services with the goal to increase
prosperity among rural communities in the region.
LAADs shareholders include Monsanto, Cargill, Rabobank, Bank of America, Deere &
Company, DEG, Dole, Nestle, Goodyear, JP Morgan, Unilever and IFC, all with
equal shares (8.33%).
Total Project Cost and Amount and Nature of IFC's Investment : The proposed IFC
investment consists of an IFC A Loan for up to US$50 million.
Location of Project and Description of Site : The Company is headquartered in
Coral Gables, FL and has 17 offices operating in 14 countries. IFC loan will
support LAADs overall investments in the LAC region.
Expected Development Impact :


(i) Support access to finance to agricultural SMEs, mostly of these family-owned
businesses, which have traditionally been underserved due to high perceived
risks;
(ii) Positive impact on rural communities in the region; in FY15 LAAD supported
291 projects in 14 countries which created over 9,000 new jobs; and
(iii) Support to a unique and very successful business model which has
consistently grown in a financially and developmentally sustainable way.
IFC's Expected Role and Additionality :


(i) Provide scarce longer-term financing, which will reduce LAAD's dependence on
short-term lines, mitigate exposure to liquidity risks and improve
asset/liability match; and
(ii) Share E&S best practices and support development of LAAD's E&S standards;
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : LATIN AMERICAN AGRIBUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION S.A.


Address : 2800 Ponce de Leon Blvd,


Suite 1200, Coral Gables, FL 33134

Country :United States
Email : laad@laadsa.com

Url : http://www.laadsa.com

Financier : INTERNATIONAL FINANCE CORPORATION (IFC),WORLD BANK (WB),

Financier address : WORLD BANK (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433


USA
Website : http://www.worldbank.org /
Tel: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                             March 12, 2010 Friday

LVEDC reviews 2009 projects

BYLINE: By STEVE SNYDER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 395 words


The Lebanon Valley Economic Development Corp. had an active year in 2009, with
much of its work involving projects in two business parks.

LVEDC's accomplishments for 2009 are spelled out in the organization's annual
report, which was released this week.

Among those projects were:


     ·    Sale of an 11-acre parcel in Lebanon Valley Business Park to Harmon
          Family Development Co. of Ohio, which built a 124,000-square-foot
          building that has been leased to Fresenius Medical Care, a
          German-owned international medical-supply company.



     ·    Construction of Everlast Roofing's 120,000-square-foot production
          facility in Lebanon Valley Business Park.



     ·    Construction of Always Bagels, a 70,000-square-foot production
          facility in Lebanon Rails Business Park.



     ·    Expansion of Schott Pharmaceutical, a German-owned business that has
          been in Lebanon Valley Business Park since 2003. The initial $14
          million phase will add 40 jobs this year, while another $30 million
          addition is expected to add 80 jobs in the next few years.


LVEDC completed $2.95 million in business loans last year, which led to $13
million in leveraged investments, according to the report. Those loans included
eight new or expanding agriculture loans totaling $1.5 million; three Small
Business First loans (including one to Always Bagels) totaling $600,000; two
machinery and equipment loans totaling $406,500; and one Next Generation farm
loan totaling $450,000.

Other activities in which LVEDC participated last year:


     ·    Completed 120 site visits to county companies.



     ·    Dedicated Enterprise Court and Ritter Way roads in Lebanon Valley
          Business Park.



     ·    Continued Keystone Opportunity Zone work in the city of Lebanon.



     ·    Developed a new Lebanon Urban Revitalization Enterprise initiative.



     ·    Completed facilitation of a $243,000 stormwater systems improvement
          grant from the state Department of Community and Economic Development
          for the East Lehman Industrial Reuse project.



     ·    Assisted the Annville Economic Development Authority with its Annville
          Center project.


In other action at LVEDC's meeting this week, Michael Fessler, marketing manager
for UGI Utilities, joined the LVEDC board as a director.

LVEDC President Charles Blankenship reported that planning is continuing for the
City Summit at the Quality Inn in Lebanon on March 26. Sponsors are First Energy
Foundation, Arthur Funk & Sons and Bayer HealthCare.

stevesnyder@ldnews.com; 272-5611, ext. 152

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                                 April 03, 2015

Farmer Decries Difficulties in Farmland Acquisition

LENGTH: 336 words


The Managing Director, Alova Farms, Lagos, Mr Goke Aweda, has observed that it
was becoming more difficult for farmers to acquire land for farming in urban
areas.

He made the complaint in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in
Lagos.

He said it was regrettable that farmers are finding it more difficult to acquire
land for cultivation, especially in urban centres like Lagos.

The farmer, therefore, appealed to government at all levels to address this
problem, which he said was limiting agricultural activities in the country.

"Inadequate land is fast becoming a major problem for farmers as most land
owners prefer to sell to real estate and property developers.

"Except for those acquired by the government, land ownership in Nigeria is
largely based on inheritance, purchase and lease.

"With the increase in population and a resulting increase in housing demands
characterised by urban centres, land is being over-priced, especially by
property speculators.

"This, in turn, has made land acquisition difficult for farmers, especially
those on subsistence level, who do not have adequate capital.

"If a farmer buys a plot of land for as high as N800,000 how will he make profit
from crops he produces, considering other costs of farm inputs?" he asked.

Aweda called for the establishment of more farm settlements and farm clusters to
stem the challenges confronting city-based farmers, who have no access to land.

He also appealed to stakeholders in the banking sector to relax the stringent
conditions that are limiting agricultural lending.

"Relaxing the conditions will empower farmers to expand their businesses.

"Many farmers in Nigeria are not buoyant enough to secure the necessary
collateral for bank loans.

"They are also incapable of paying high interest rates on loans, either from
financial institutions or money lenders.

"This has been limiting farmers from acquiring credit facilities to acquire
lands, mechanised farming equipment and chemicals needed for improved crop
production," Aweda said.

NAN

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    February 18, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

SMALL BUSINESS OFFERED HELP

BYLINE: MURRAY OXBY, CP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D17

LENGTH: 415 words


The Royal Bank said Thursday that it's testing a computerized service designed
to help small businesses grab a piece of $ 10 billion in government incentives.

The service will give people access to Canloc, a database containing information
on 750 federal and provincial programs offering grants, loans, tax credits and
other financial assistance to business worth an estimated $ 10 billion a year.

Canloc makes it quick and easy for business owners to get information on
incentives they might otherwise miss, bank officials said.

It will be tested with Royal Bank clients in eight locations across Canada
starting later this month.

Major banks have recently announced a series of initiatives to help small
businesses, who have complained for years that banks are stingy and autocratic.

The announcements continued Thursday:

* The Bank of Montreal said it's extending its special small business loan rate,
which is one percentage point below the prime lending rate, for an indefinite
period.

The bank also said its special rates under the Small Business Loans Act and the
Farm Im-provement and Marketing Co-operatives Loans Act would be extended for
another year, to March 31, 1995.

* CIBC said it will be setting up centres across Canada to assist small
"knowledge-based" firms. The bank is also making a donation to the University of
Waterloo in Waterloo, Ont., to establish a centre to study how financial
institutions can do a better job of serving this sector. Details are to be
announced Monday.

Coffey said Canloc is part of the Royal's efforts to attract more small business
customers.

However, he acknowledged that government restraint is putting the future of some
of this assistance in doubt. "If some of these programs are not used, I suspect
they will get chopped."

Canloc was developed by Business Development Informa-tion Inc., a company owned
by Dalhousie University in Halifax, at a cost of about $ 2 million. The Royal is
buying exclusive use of the service, which BDI will continue to oeprate.

Royal's involvement will promote the programs and save government money, said
BDI's Monty Sharma. "What the government is getting are hundreds of assistants
in terms of bank employees."

The pilot projects will determine how to extend the service to the bank's 1,600
branches and whether the bank should charge people to use it, Coffey said.

About 1,200 to 1,500 businesses are expected to use the service during the
three-month tests.



LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 June 03, 2013

The Rural Vs Urban Debate in Zim [analysis]

LENGTH: 992 words


If one watches American movies, or even everyday news, hardly a day passes
without hearing about homeless people. These are people without a roof over
their head, who sleep on the streets and have got no other option. Most of them
are not insane people either.

If you live in Zimbabwe, a person who sleeps on the street is either insane or
children living on the streets.

Most of the later would have run away from abusive homes. Yet the US is the
richest country in the world, and Zimbabwe is one of the poorest. Why is that?

Why do Zimbabweans not end up living on the streets, homeless, despite the famed
economic hardships in the country?

I believe a key part of the answer is a culture that is land based. We
Zimbabweans believe in owning a piece of land somewhere (musha) which one can
use for, at a minimum, subsistence living. Vanhu vane misha yavo.

If you have access to land you can always build a roof for yourself. You use
your own time to mould your own bricks, cut your own grass, cut your own poles
and build a hut. Thus the poorest you can ever be if you have land is not to be
homeless sleeping on the streets, but have a grass-thatched hut over your head.

Yet recently we had the Prime Minister calling for people to be removed from the
rural areas and be relocated to towns so they could look for jobs.

Prime Minister Tsvangirai does not understand the core problem around people
being poor peasants. The people in so called communal areas (which were created
as, and are still operating as, native reserves) are poor peasants because they
do not have legally recognised ownership of the land they live on.

Their tenure on that land is not economically actionable. Apart from using the
land for living on and growing subsistence crops, they cannot use the land as an
economic asset. Let me put it this way, a man living on six hectares in Musana
communal lands cannot go to a bank to get a loan for building say pigsties or a
commercial chicken hatchery. Yet he has enough land to run those kinds of
operations.

On the other hand a man living in Kuwadzana on 250 square metres can go to any
bank and get a loan using his house as collateral. But even if he gets the loan,
where is he going to get the space to build a commercial hatchery and commercial
pigsties?

What Tsvangirai is effectively saying is take a man who has six hectares, and
therefore a chance of employing himself and probably one or two other people,
and put him on 250 square metres or in a lodger's room where he has absolutely
no chance of employing anyone, but is 100 percent dependent on being employed
himself. Don't forget that the man in Musana still has the option to compete for
same job with the man in Kuwadzana, if he so chooses.

If they both find jobs, the man in Musana has got somewhere to invest his
income. If both are working pensionable jobs, at retirement time, the man in
Musana will have some cows plus a pension while the Kuwadzana man only has a
pension.

The man in Musana can grow much of his own food, using his pension for other
things. The man in Kuwadzana has to buy most of his food.

What people often mistake for poverty in rural areas is a lack of
infrastructure. That lack of infrastructure is due to negligence by Government.
Colonial governments neglected the rural areas where blacks live because of
racism. Today's Government is also surprisingly failing to develop the rural
areas. However, some of it is due to the mentally colonised belief that rural
areas should only be poor. The cornerstone of land reform should have been to
give people from the former native reserves, legal economically utilisable
tenure on the land they live on. Yes, equitable re-distribution of land to
de-racialise land ownership patterns is also important, but that on its own
without reform of the tenure system is not sufficient to economically uplift
people's lives.

Indeed, white farms have been taken mostly to recreate the tenure-less land
occupation of the former native reserves. I do not know if the people
implementing this type of land reform are at all aware that, in the first place,
tenure-less occupation was specifically designed to dis-empower the natives.
What is needed now is to give not only the people resettlement areas, but even
those in the old native reserves, legal tenure on the land. Ipai vanhu kumamisha
matitle deeds kuti vakwanisewo kutsvaga mari dzekuita maprojects anopihwa mari
kumabhanga pamisha yavo.

Of course, there are risks, because if somebody mismanages a project they could
lose their home. However, there are many ways of mitigating or working around
those risks. For example, instead of getting a loan on the whole homestead,
people could officially subdivide and get a loan on a portion. That way even if
the project fails, one will still have a roof over their head.

The Prime Minister was talking of taking people off the land and putting them
into towns where they could end up on the streets. Can he not see that by taking
a man from where he has a chance to utilize six hectares to a place where he has
to first look for lodgings and then maybe get a job, you are actually
drastically narrowing his economic options not expanding them?

Instead of giving your citizen a loan on six hectares, you want to invite
someone and give them loans, while you force your citizens to look for jobs from
those you are giving loans. That is exactly what is going to happen, if people
are pulled out of resettlement areas so that "commercial" farmers can be brought
back.

The countries that Tsvangirai is trying to emulate, the Western countries, have
got homeless people. That is people who live on the streets with not even a roof
over their head. Yet in Zimbabwe it is difficult to find anyone who sleeps in
the open because they have absolutely no other choice. The key to uplifting
lives in Zimbabwe lies in upgrading the infrastructure and tenure system in
rural areas, not moving people to towns so they can look for jobs.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   October 22, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Lakeside sale made official

BYLINE: DONALD CAMPBELL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 513 words


Deal assures beef business for 25 years, says executive

BROOKS - A controversial change in ownership in Lakeside Farm Industries Ltd.
was made official Friday, launching a new era of competition and potential
expansion in Alberta's multi-billion dollar beef industry.

The investment by Nebraska-based IBP Inc., the world's largest processor of
beef, in the Brooks-based beef processing company should provide better
long-term security for the 660 workers at Lakeside, some industry observers say.

Terms of the sale were not disclosed.

IBP, which has 29,000 employees and annual revenues of $ 12 billion US, is
expected to finish a boxed beef plant at the Lakeside site as part of the deal,
which would add additional production requirements at the plant and increase
demand for slaughter cattle.

Lakeside is Alberta's second largest beef processor. Cargill Ltd. is the
largest. If the IBP expansion does proceed, the Brooks plant would eclipse
Cargill's High River facility in size and production. IBP and Cargill are also
heated competitors in the massive U.S. market.

Lakeside's sprawling plant and feedlot operation west of here pushes through
about 280 head of cattle per hour or more than 1,500 per day and 10,000 per
week, a company official said during a plant tour.

"Obviously it's too early in the scheme of things to lay out the plans, but
increasing production is sure one of them," said Garnet Altwasser, president,
chief executive officer and founding partner in Lakeside.

"For the seller of cattle it's positive, and it assures the beef business in
Alberta for the next 25 years because the two most modern plants in North
America are in southern Alberta."

The status of Alberta government investment in Lakeside has yet to be fully
determined.

The province's Agriculture Financial Services Corp. is a leading partner in a
consortium's $ 17 million loan to the firm. The AFC provided $ 5.5 million of
the syndicated loan, and has about $ 4.8 million left to be paid out.

A spokesman for Agriculture Minister Walter Paszkowski said Friday it has not
yet been determined if the loan will be paid out immediately or if it will
continue under exisiting commercial arrangements.

Vencap Equities Ltd., a government-funded risk capital pool, also had $ 12.75
million invested in Lakeside. But Oleh Hnatiuk, a Vencap vice-president, said
the company has recovered its investment in the company and received a $ 10.7
million profit.

"This is the second largest gain in dollar terms in our history," Hnatiuk said.

Rumors of an IBP takeover of Lakeside were first confirmed by the Herald last
month. At that time, both XL Foods Ltd. and some feedlot operators said they
were concerned by the deal.

Altwasser rejects criticisms of the deal.

It was also announced that Lakeside's exisiting management team including
Altwasser will stay in place with the change in ownership.

"It's my dream to see this plant become a world class plant, and this is going
to make it all happen," Altwasser said. "We're almost there, but not quite."


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                       The Pennsboro News (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 17, 2015

Farm Service Agency County Committee nominations accepted

BYLINE: The Pennsboro News staff

LENGTH: 342  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture today announced that the nomination period
for local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees began Monday, June 15.

"Through the county committees, farmers and rarichersifiave'a voice. Their
opinions and ideas get to be heard on federal farm programs," said Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. "It is important for county committees to reflect
America's diversity, so I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers, including
beginning farmers,! to, get involved in this year's elections. We've seen an
increase in the number ofnominations for qualified candidates, especially among
womehialnd minoriies, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on a FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election andVeside in the local administrative area where they are
nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate thernselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women alp may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign an FSA-669A nomination form. The
form and other information about FSAjcbunty committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2015 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 3.

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots will
be due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 7.
Newly elected committee members and alternates will take office Jan. 1.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price, support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers, serving on. FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PEN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Pennsboro News


                              823 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 2003 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 2003

                            8 Drake J. Agric. L. 237

LENGTH: 8048 words

NOTE: Jim "USDA" Crow: Symptomatic Discrimination in Agriculture

NAME: Kristol Bradley Ginapp

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Beginning with laws protecting the institution of slavery through
Reconstruction, the New Deal, and the Alien Land Laws, the Government has
provided a structure that allowed for legal discrimination in land ownership.
...  Part two will focus on current land loss by African American farmers and
the class action lawsuit against the United States Department of Agriculture
("USDA") regarding discriminatory loan practices as systematic and
institutionalized in our federal system. ... Just as with the freed slaves
during Reconstruction, the policies and procedures of the federal government
worked specifically against the minority regardless of how hard the Japanese
farmers tried to work within the system. ... The second option for the class
members is Track B providing a settlement tailored to "individual circumstances,
including a cash payment equal to actual damages, and forgiveness of outstanding
USDA loans affected by discriminatory conduct." ... While approximately sixty
percent of the applicants under Track A have recovered some form of award, many
still claim that the consent decree itself is discriminatory and unfair to black
farmers. ...  A new centralized program must be designed to minimize
discrimination or the future of the black farmer is just as bleak as it has been
since the beginning of our nation's history. ...  The situation is win-win for
the discriminatory county committee because there is no recourse for a finding
of discrimination by the board. ...

TEXT:
 [*237]  I. INTRODUCTION

   Biology does not separate blacks from whites and women from men, but it is
the law that creates such divisions.  n1 Especially concerning African
Americans, the law has seldom been a protector. Beginning with laws protecting
the institution of slavery through Reconstruction, the New Deal, and the Alien
Land Laws, the Government has provided a structure that allowed for legal
discrimination in land ownership. This institutionalized discrimination survives
today and manifests itself in agency-wide discrimination by preventing
minorities and women from succeeding in agriculture.  n2

    [*238]  This note will examine the history of discrimination in agriculture
and its influence through the institutional discrimination that exists today
that prevents minorities from becoming influential in the area of agriculture.
Part one will look at African American land-ownership throughout American
history with an emphasis on discrimination in the Reconstruction period and the
New Deal era. Part two will focus on current land loss by African American
farmers and the class action lawsuit against the United States Department of
Agriculture ("USDA") regarding discriminatory loan practices as systematic and
institutionalized in our federal system.

   II. HISTORICAL DISCRIMINATION

   Discrimination has existed in the United States since its inception. The
fundamental problem is that the Constitution assumes a white male dominance.  n3
This assumption regards white males as "natural beings" and, thus, they have a
"status as situated in a condition existent prior to the law itself."  n4
Standing in contrast to the dominance of the white male, the African American
lived an existence outside the scope of the Constitution.  n5 When political
conscience allowed the recognition of their existence, African Americans were
forced to live as "amendments to the natural narrative of American legal and
social reality."  n6 The consequences of such an existence are that their rights
must "always be argued rather than assumed."  n7

   A. Reconstruction

   Property is the hallmark of the free. When African Americans were brought to
the United States, the Government ensured their existence as slaves by denying
them the right to own land.  n8 The denial of property rights meant no potential
to build capital, and thus, no opportunity to become free.  n9 To the slaves,
capital and property meant a better life.  n10 Despite the restrictions on
property ownership by slaves, many were able to acquire some assets in cattle,
cotton,  [*239]  tobacco, and other crops and animals.  n11 During the
antebellum period, some slaves were given the option to purchase their freedom,
which strengthened their desire to acquire capital.  n12

   After the Civil War, Reconstruction went into effect to bring the country
back together under the new idea of freedom for all men. The expectation of the
newly freed slaves was that the Government would reallocate the land in the
South creating property interests for African Americans.  n13 This reallocation
was crucial to the survival of the emancipated slaves because their skills were
primarily in agriculture.  n14 Blacks needed the land to provide for their
families and to build capital. The freed slaves could not rely on white
plantation owners to provide jobs for them either.  n15 The Civil War left white
plantation owners devastated.  n16 They had no capital and no free labor, and
thus, were unable to maintain the large plantation system.  n17

   In 1865, the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands ("Freedmen's
Bureau") was established by Congress to oversee the redistribution of the land
to free blacks.  n18 As imagined by Thaddeus Stevens, each emancipated slave
would be entitled to "40 acres and a mule."  n19 The reality was that the
Freedmen's Bureau was authorized to divide the land into twenty and forty acre
plots, but the legislation did not provide for a mule.  n20 The legislation
promised "every male citizen, whether refugee or freedman, forty acres of land
at rental for three years with an option to buy."  n21

   In 1866, Congress opened an additional forty-six million acres of public land
for settlement.  n22 In the end, however, most of the land was returned to the
white landowners when President Andrew Johnson issued pardons for many of the
former confederates and ordered the Freedman's Bureau to restore the land to the
pardoned Southerners.  n23 The Bureau was left with only half of the 850,000
[*240]  acres it controlled in 1865, and many black farmers had to give up their
land.  n24 Additionally, the Southern Homestead Act, which purported to be
additional land for emancipated slaves, ultimately allowed anyone who claimed
that he had not supported the Confederacy the right to apply for ownership of
the land.  n25 However, the result was that seventy-seven percent of applicants
were white.  n26 The positive impact on agriculture and property ownership among
blacks that the Freedmen's Bureau and the Southern Homestead Act were supposed
to have proved to be "a dismal failure."  n27

   Surprisingly, some blacks were able to gain property rights through the
programs of Reconstruction.  n28 In 1880, twenty percent of black farmers owned
their land.  n29 Comparatively, over sixty percent of all white farmers owned
their land, "the average value of which was more than double that owned by
blacks."  n30 While the status of the black farmer may not seem significant, it
must be considered with the fact that only fifteen years earlier, no black
farmers owned land.  n31 However, this "success" of the black farmer created a
counter-revolution by poor whites that undercut the gains by black farmers
through support of discriminatory laws.  n32

   The Reconstruction programs ultimately had one fatal flaw -- the legislation
that enabled the action did not actually enable the programs to take any action.
n33 President Andrew Johnson refused to give the Freedman's Bureau any authority
to counter state-fostered programs that not only advocated discriminatory
practices, but also sponsored such action.  n34 The result was that black
farmers did not have a chance to really succeed. Their chance was preempted by
state law and federal inaction.  n35

    [*241]  B. New Deal

   For the next forty years, black farmers worked to overcome these obstacles.
By the Great Depression, black farmers had purchased nearly fifteen million
acres of land.  n36 Like all Americans, black farmers were devastated by the
collapse of the economy. To aid those hurt by the Depression, President
Roosevelt proposed a set of programs collectively titled the New Deal.  n37

   Under the New Deal, agriculture would get a "jump start" through programs
that increased Government involvement in agriculture.  n38 These agricultural
programs were administered on a local level by "county committees" which
controlled the distribution of federal aid.  n39 In the South, these county
committees were completely comprised of white men.  n40 The county committees
used the federal aid money to systematically eliminate the black farmer in the
South.  n41 Additionally, money from the programs went to universities to foster
the development of new technology which decreased the labor necessary to
effectively farm.  n42

   Because black farmers were not awarded financial aid from the county
committees, only white farmers could afford the new technology.  n43 The
financial disadvantage coupled with the technological disadvantage suffered by
the black farmer at this time effectively forced many black farmers off their
land.  n44

   C. Alien Land Laws

   Blacks were not the only minorities that were prevented from owning farmland.
In 1913, California enacted the Alien Land Laws which prohibited "aliens
ineligible to citizenship" from owning agricultural land in fee simple and
additionally prohibited such aliens from leasing farmland for more than three
years.  n45

    [*242]  The purpose of the Alien Land Laws was to force Japanese Americans
out of the state by preventing them from earning a living in agriculture.  n46
Japanese American farmers filled a "vacuum" in California's agricultural labor
force.  n47 The problem with the Japanese immigrants was that they were too
efficient and made stiff competition for white farm laborers in the state.  n48
Other states followed California's lead, restricting the agricultural
opportunities to Japanese Americans.  n49 These laws did not stop at preventing
Japanese Americans from owning farmland; the laws eventually extended to the
prohibition of owning real property and finally to the mass internment of the
Japanese during World War II.  n50

   The Alien Land Laws reflected the Sinophobia that existed in the western
states.  n51 The importance of the Alien Land Laws is evident on a symbolic
level in that "the creation [and maintenance] of a class unable to hold land
unambiguously sends a message about the status of members of that class as less
than worthy--the Alien Land Laws had a more subtle but equally invidious
effect."  n52

   Keith Aoki recognizes the Alien Land Laws as a cog in the four-rung "ladder"
of agriculture that prevented Japanese farmers from succeeding.  n53 The first
rung allowed Japanese to work as laborers for a white landowner.  n54 The
Japanese farmer could reach the second rung if he could convince a white
landowner to enter into a sharecropping agreement by which the landowner would
provide the land, the tools, and housing for the Japanese farmer in return for a
share of the profits from the crops harvested.  n55 The third rung was achieved
when the Japanese sharecropper saved enough money to contract for a direct lease
with a landowner.  n56 This level of achievement enabled the Japanese farmer to
function almost independently and keep profits for himself.  n57 The final rung
of the ladder was the acquisition of enough capital, either outright or
borrowed, to purchase land.  n58 The Alien Land Laws created the final bar to
the Japanese at  [*243]  this fourth rung.  n59 After all of their hard work,
Japanese farmers were prohibited from owning their own land.  n60

   Just as with the freed slaves during Reconstruction, the policies and
procedures of the federal government worked specifically against the minority
regardless of how hard the Japanese farmers tried to work within the system. The
Alien Land Laws, while not directly applicable to black farmers, demonstrate the
lengths to which government would go to prevent minority farmers from gaining
any capital, land, or any power in agriculture.

   III. DISCRIMINATION TODAY

   A. Land Loss by Black Farmers

   Since the 1920's, the number of farmers in the United States has steadily
declined.  n61 Between 1920 and 1992, the total number of farms decreased by
seventy percent.  n62 The number of minority-owned farms has declined even more
severely. In 1920, minority-owned farms numbered 954,300, however by 1992 that
number had dwindled to 43,500--a ninety five percent reduction.  n63 The decline
of black-owned farms represents a large part of the minority decline. In 1920,
black farmers comprised one in every seven farmers, but by 1992, they were only
one in every one hundred farmers in the United States.  n64 A 1990 congressional
report found that black-owned farms were going out of business at a rate of
three times that of white farms.  n65

   The decline in farms, both whites and minorities, is mostly the result of the
numerous changes in agriculture over the past seventy years.  n66 Both white and
black farmers were affected by the shift from labor-intensive to a
capital-intensive system that required greater investments in technology.  n67
But white and black farmers were not affected equally. Because of their
historically subordinate economic and social position in agriculture, black
farmers were disproportionately affected due to their inability to acquire
funding to take advantage of  [*244]  the new advancements.  n68 The result was
that many black and minority farmers lost their farmland.

   Many federal programs were introduced to help black and other minority
farmers adapt to the changing agricultural world, such as loans, insurance,
technology aid, and other programs.  n69 However, these programs usually failed
to help minority farmers because of flawed design, ineffective outreach,
insufficient funding, and most generally, discrimination.  n70 Numerous reasons
exist why black farmers are losing land including discrimination by public and
private lenders, inadequate aid from the Farmers Home Administration, lack of
technical and financial assistance from the USDA, lack of access to farmland,
and inadequate legal assistance.  n71

   B. Pigford v. Glickman

   The USDA loan system operates under the 1935 Soil Conservation and Domestic
Allotment Act, part of President Roosevelt's New Deal legislation.  n72 This
system functions on a local level where local farmers are elected to determine
the creditworthiness of applicants.  n73 Traditionally, these representatives
were white farmers.  n74 As a result, black and minority farmers have been
wrongly denied loans and aid based on race.  n75

   This lack of availability of loans for minority farmers is troublesome for
many reasons. Primarily, USDA loans generally serve as a means for obtaining
money necessary to the survival of the small farm when the farmers are unable to
secure credit from other lending institutions.  n76 Small farmers, as a group,
tend to be regarded as uncreditworthy by both private and public lenders.  n77
Second, USDA loans are desirable because interest rates are typically lower than
those of the commercial lender.  n78 Also, the USDA has a program with a special
interest  [*245]  rate for farmers who do not qualify for regular USDA loan
programs, but need the loan money to "maximize their incomes for farming."  n79

   The county committee reviews the loan applications and decides to whom to
give approval.  n80 "If the application is denied, the [applicant has the
opportunity to] appeal to a state committee and then to a federal review board."
n81 In the case of an application denied based on alleged racial issues, the
Civil Rights Division of the USDA would review the loan denial.  n82 However, in
1980, the Civil Rights Division of the USDA was dismantled.  n83 The USDA
continued, nevertheless, to collect the civil rights appeals. As a result, when
black farmers were denied loans, their complaints and appeals were never
processed.  n84

   In 1997, a class action lawsuit representing the ignored African American
farmers against Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman was filed.  n85 At the
time the class was certified, approximately four hundred African American
farmers alleged "that the [USDA] willfully discriminated against them when they
applied for various farm programs, and. . .the USDA failed properly to
investigate" the discrimination complaints.  n86

   In January of 1999, the USDA and the black farmers entered into a
settlement--a five-year consent decree.  n87 Under the consent decree, each
individual plaintiff had three options to pursue their claim.  n88 First, the
claimant could choose Track A which allowed the claimant to recover $ 50,000
plus forgiveness of their debt upon a showing of "substantial evidence" of
credit discrimination based on race.  n89 Those claimants who could not show
credit discrimination by "substantial evidence" would not get the $ 50,000, but
if they could show substantial evidence of non-credit discrimination, would
receive $ 3,000 which was deemed to be the "approximate value of the benefit
wrongly denied" as long as  [*246]  funds are available for this purpose.  n90
As of December 23, 2002, twenty-one thousand five hundred ninety-one claimants
have chosen this course of action.  n91 Of this number, approximately sixty
percent of the claims have received some type of payment.  n92

   The second option for the class members is Track B providing a settlement
tailored to "individual circumstances, including a cash payment equal to actual
damages, and forgiveness of outstanding USDA loans affected by discriminatory
conduct."  n93 This track has a higher standard of proof, claimants are required
to prove by a "preponderance of the evidence" that they have been the victim of
discriminatory practices.  n94 Only 181 claimants had chosen this course of
action as of December 23, 2002.  n95

   Claimants did not have to choose either Track A or Track B as part of the
consent decree. Those claimants who did not want to participate in the consent
decree were given the option to "opt out" of the class action suit and continue
with individual cases.  n96 Approximately 230 claimants have chosen to pursue
their cases in this manner.  n97

   While approximately sixty percent of the applicants under Track A have
recovered some form of award, many still claim that the consent decree itself is
discriminatory and unfair to black farmers. The Black Farmers and
Agriculturalists Association ("BFAA"), many of whose members were part of
initial class in Pigford, think that the consent decree should be thrown out
because it has only had the effect of ruining the lives of black farmers.  n98
BFFA claims that most people who recover under the consent decree and receive
the $ 50,000 payment no longer farm or own farmland, nor do they have any
outstanding loans with the USDA.  n99

   The few deserving black farmers who do get the settlement generally must use
the money to pay costs related to their previous bankruptcy.  n100 The  [*247]
plain fact is that the settlement is "too little, too late."  n101 When these
black farmers were unable to secure financing from the USDA initially, they were
constructively forced to default on other loans and thus, forced off their land.
n102 Black farmers have also lost their land in conjunction with the consent
decree when they have been denied the settlement and the USDA forecloses on
their land.  n103

   As of December 23, 2002, approximately forty percent of the claims filed
under Track A were ruled against the claimant.  n104 Black farmers believe that
discrimination continues in rejecting claims.  n105 Some of the reasons that
claims have been rejected by the adjudicator in Track A include misspelling of
the name of the similarly situated white farmer, the claim was too much like
other claims coming from the same area, and misspelling of the county name.
n106 The ultimate problem is that once these claims are rejected, for whatever
reason, there is no available appeal.  n107

   C. What Is Being Done About the Discrimination?

   Since the filing of Pigford, the USDA has taken steps to end discrimination.
n108 As a result of the pressure to become more civil rights sensitive, the USDA
formed a Civil Rights Action Team.  n109 In the team's March 1998 report, the
culprit of the discriminatory practices was deemed to be the lack of a system
for dealing with complaints.  n110 As a result of their investigations, the
Civil Rights Action Team made ninety-two recommendations to Secretary Glickman.
n111 Of these recommendations, seventy-seven were implemented, including civil
rights  [*248]  regulations, a new computer system to reduce backlog, and
outreach councils in every state.  n112

   An additional recommendation of the Civil Rights Action Team was
reorganization of the Office of Civil Rights.  n113 In January 1998, the USDA
initiated the agency.  n114 This included a full-time director as well as a
civil rights office for each agency located in Washington, D.C.  n115 The
purpose of the "new" agency is to "[install] a system for statistical evaluation
and reporting . . . to determine the extent to which racial/ethnic minorities .
. . benefit from, or receive the services" of the agency, to "establish
information/public notification" system to inform those who are eligible for the
benefits, and "to increase the participation of under-represented groups in
agency programs."  n116 Whether or not these goals are achieved remains to be
seen.

   While the USDA has been proactive in addressing civil rights issues at the
agency level, many people feel that the settlement in Pigford did not do enough
to solve the problem of discrimination in USDA lending procedures.  n117 When
the Civil Rights Action Team was formed, the USDA refused to bind themselves
legally to the team's recommendations and findings.  n118 The committee found
that the decentralized bureaucratic system of the USDA is a leading contributor
to discrimination within the agency because of the difficulty "maintaining focus
on civil rights policy across the far-flung bureaucracy."  n119 Within this
bureaucracy, the USDA's failure to address the issue of discriminatory
procedures in lending is illustrated by the fact that many loan officers charged
with discriminatory practice have retained their positions.  n120

   D. What Should Be Done About the Discrimination?

   The fundamental problem regarding discrimination in agriculture in the United
States is not only that the discrimination is systematic, it is also
symptomatic. Our lending system is based on a concept that is over sixty years
old. Since 1938, our country has gone through numerous social and technological
changes. Most importantly is the Civil Rights movement. Discrimination based
[*249]  on race is no longer acceptable. State government agencies, other public
entities, and even private companies have been required to maintain equal
opportunity standards. However, the USDA and agriculture industry has managed to
completely avoid changing with the times and discrimination still persists.

   Additionally, technological advances make it unnecessary to have county
committee systems. Because of the ease in communication, the USDA could
centralize their lending programs. This would allow for greater oversight by the
Office of Civil Rights and a greater compliance with civil rights guidelines.
The county committee system lends itself to too many variables that cannot be
effectively controlled to minimize discrimination.

   The next step belongs to Congress. Our representatives must take the
initiative in fighting to save black family farms. A new centralized program
must be designed to minimize discrimination or the future of the black farmer is
just as bleak as it has been since the beginning of our nation's history.

   While the USDA is taking steps to deal with discrimination within the
existing framework, the fact remains that discrimination is prevalent at the
local level where the most control is located. Local farmers have the power to
decide the fate of other local farmers. With discrimination as the impetus to
deny financial aid, this is too much power. The plain facts are that any farmer
applying for one of these loans needs the money soon. If the local farmers on
the county committee want to force black farmers off their land, all that must
be done is to deny the loan in the first place. Because the appeals process
takes time, the black farmer will likely lose his land in a foreclosure sale
before his denial is overturned. The situation is win-win for the discriminatory
county committee because there is no recourse for a finding of discrimination by
the board.

   IV. CONCLUSION

   Discrimination infects the agriculture industry to the detriment of all
involved. Our refusal as a national to recognize the problem and take adequate
steps to address the problem will only result in the loss of more farms and the
increase in discrimination. The laws that protect this institutionalized
discrimination must be directly attacked if black and other minority farmers are
ever to escape their "slavery" within this oppressive system. Once we can break
this cycle of systematic discrimination, we may begin to see the solution to
other problems in agriculture, such as the decline of the family farm and issues
in crop production.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawContractual Relations & HousingFair Housing RightsGeneral
OverviewGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinanceReal Property LawHomestead Exemptions

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See JON-CHRISTIAN SUGGS, WHISPERED CONSOLATIONS: LAW AND NARRATIVE IN
AFRICAN AMERICAN LIFE 44 (2000).




n2  See generally Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.D.C. 1999) (involving
agency-wide discrimination in the United States Department of Agriculture).




n3  See SUGGS, supra note 1, at 44.




n4  See id. at 44-45.




n5  See id. at 45.




n6  See id.




n7  See id.




n8  Thomas W. Mitchell, From Reconstruction to Deconstruction: Undermining Black
Landownership, Political Independence, and Community Through Partition Sales of
Tenancies in Common, 95 NW. U. L. REV. 505, 523 (2001).




n9  See id.




n10  Id. at 524.




n11  Id.




n12  Id.




n13  Id.




n14  Id. at 524-25.




n15  See Ridgely A. Mu'min Muhammad, Slaves to Two Parties, THE FARMER, at
http://www.coax.net/people/lwf/bfaa_stp.htm. (Sept. 12, 2000) (stating that
whites could not operate their plantations for economic reasons).




n16  Id.




n17  Id.




n18  Mitchell, supra note 8, at 525; see also Freedman and Refugees Act, ch. 90,
13 Stat. 507 (1865).




n19  DERRICK BELL, RACE, RACISM AND AMERICAN LAW 58 (4th ed. 2000).




n20  Id. at 70 n.6.




n21  Mitchell, supra note 8, at 525.




n22  Id.




n23  Id. at 526.




n24  Id.




n25  Id.




n26  Id.




n27  Id. at 525.




n28  See BELL, supra note 19, at 63.




n29  Id.




n30  Id.




n31  Id.




n32  Id.




n33  See Donald G. Nieman, The Freedmen's Bureau and the Mississippi Black Code,
in 3 RACE, LAW, AND AMERICAN HISTORY 1700-1990: EMANCIPATION AND RECONSTRUCTION
555-56 (Paul Finkelman ed., 1992).




n34  See id. at 556-57.




n35  See id.




n36  Mu'min Muhammad, supra note 15.




n37  Id.




n38  See ECON. RESEARCH SERV., USDA, A HISTORY OF AMERICAN AGRICULTURE
1776-1990: GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS AND POLICY, available at
http://www.usda.gov/history2/text11.htm (last visited Dec. 2, 2001).




n39  Mu'min Muhammad, supra note 15.




n40  See id.




n41  Id.




n42  Id.




n43  Id.




n44  See id.




n45  Keith Aoki, No Right to Own?: The Early Twentieth-Century "Alien Land Laws"
as a Prelude to Internment, 40 B.C. L. REV. 37, 38 (1998).




n46  BELL, supra note 19, at 120.




n47  Id.




n48  Id.




n49  Id.




n50  Aoki, supra note 45, at 38.




n51  Id. at 37.




n52  Id. at 62.




n53  Id. at 62-63.




n54  Id. at 63.




n55  Id.




n56  Id.




n57  Id.




n58  Id.




n59  Id.




n60  Id.




n61  See Economic Res. Service, USDA, Minority & Women Farmers in the U.S.,
AGRIC. OUTLOOK, May 1998, at 16 [hereinafter AGRIC. OUTLOOK].




n62  Id.




n63  Id.




n64  Id.




n65  136 CONG. REC. S10727-03 (daily ed. July 26, 1990) (statement of Sen.
Fowler); see also AGRIC. OUTLOOK, supra note 61, at 16-17.




n66  See AGRIC. OUTLOOK, supra note 61, at 16.




n67  Id.




n68  Id.




n69  Id. at 17.




n70  Id.




n71  THE LAND LOSS FUND, WHY IS LAND BEING LOST?, at
http://www.members.aol.com/tillery/llf_why.html (last visited May 21, 2003).




n72  16 U.S.C. § 590(h), repealed by Pub. L. No. 89-554, § 8(a), 80 Stat. 648
(1966). This section has been repealed with the other New Deal legislation, but
it appears from the literature consulted that the USDA still employs this loan
system.




n73  Id.




n74  Cassandra Jones Havard, African-American Farmers and Fair Lending:
Racializing Rural Economic Space, 12 STAN. L. & POL'Y REV. 333, 333 (2001).




n75  Id. at 335.




n76  Id. at 334.




n77  Id. at 338.




n78  Id. at 334.




n79  Id.




n80  Id. at 335.




n81  Id.




n82  See id.




n83  Id.




n84  Id.




n85  See generally Pigford v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341 (D.D.C. 1998)
(establishing the class of black farmers against the USDA).




n86  Id. at 343.




n87  See generally Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.D.C. 1999) (setting up
the parameters of the consent decree); USDA, PIGFORD v. VENEMAN: CONSENT DECREE
IN CLASS ACTION SUIT BY AFRICAN AMERICAN FARMERS: BACKGROUND AND CURRENT STATUS,
available at http://www.usda.gov/da/consentsum.htm (last visited Jan. 13, 2003)
[hereinafter CONSENT DECREE].




n88  See Pigford, 185 F.R.D. at 95.




n89  Id. at 95-96, 105.




n90  See id. at 105-06 (setting up the parameters of the consent decree);
CONSENT DECREE supra note 87.




n91  CONSENT DECREE, supra note 87.




n92  Id.




n93  See CONSENT DECREE, supra note 87.




n94  See Pigford, 185 F.R.D. at 105-106 (setting up the parameters of the
consent decree); CONSENT DECREE, supra note 87.




n95  CONSENT DECREE, supra note 87.




n96  Id.




n97  Id.




n98  Gary R. Grant, BFAA Does Not Support Reopening Pigford vs Glickman, at
http://www.coax.net/people/lwf/bfaa_gg.htm (last visited Nov. 21, 2002).




n99  Id.




n100  Id.




n101  Hamil R. Harris, Can't Save the Farm, BLACK ENTERPRISE, Dec. 1, 2000, at
34, available at 2000 WL 12146262.




n102  Id.




n103  Kenneth R. Timmerman, Farming While Black, INSIGHT ON THE NEWS, Sept. 3,
2001, at 10, available at http://www.insightmag.com (available under "Archives"
link).




n104  CONSENT DECREE, supra note 87.




n105  Timmerman, supra note 103.




n106  Id.




n107  Id.




n108  See generally USDA, NO. 4300-005, DEPARTMENTAL REGULATION: AGENCY CIVIL
RIGHTS PROGRAM, at http://www.wip.usda.gov/ocio/directives/DR/DR4300-005.htm
(last visited Jan. 16, 2003) (detailing new USDA policy implemented for agency
civil rights programs) [hereinafter DEPARTMENTAL REGULATION].




n109  Greg Moses, Special Focus on Pigford v. Glickman, TEX. C.R. REV., at
http://members.tripod.com/gmoses/tcrr/pigford.htm (last visited Jan. 16, 2003).




n110  Id.




n111  Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Rich Rominger, Address at the Dr. Martin
Luther King, Jr. Observance: "Living the Dream in the New Millennium" (Jan. 13,
2000), available at http://www.usda.gov/news/speeches/st01.




n112  Id.




n113  DEPARTMENTAL REGULATION, supra note 108.




n114  Id.




n115  Id.




n116  Id.




n117  Bob Williams, Black Farmers Plight Not Over, THE NEWS AND OBSERVER, June
24, 2001, at A1, available at 2001 WL 3470990.




n118  Moses, supra note 109.




n119  Id.




n120  Williams, supra note 117, at A1.


                              824 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

FSLIC Takes Over Insolvent S&L, Hires Manager

                            February 3, 1986, Monday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS


The Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. took over the insolvent Bohemian
Savings & Loan Association on Thursday and placed it in the management
consignment program.

The FSLIC also sued Bohemian's officers and directors for more than $75 million.
The lawsuit alleges that the thrift's insolvency was caused partly by real
estate transactions with companies controlled by John V. Capozzi, Bohemian's
owner and former chairman, and his wife, Margaret.

Farm & Home Savings Association, a $2.8 billion-asset thrift based in Nevada,
Mo., was hired to run Bohemian, which has assets of $244 million.  Under the
program, started by the FSLIC last year as a way to shore up the savings and
loan industry, a healthy thrift is hired to manage an ailing one until it is
again healthy or until it can be acquired.

Bohemian is the second thrift put into the management consignment program this
year, and the 27th since the program began last April.

It is the second time the FSLIC has had to step in to solve Bohemian's problems.
Bohemian was a mutual savings and loan until December 1983, when the FSLIC
helped Mr. Capozzi to take it over. Mr. Capozzi is a real estate developer from
Hollywood, Fla.

The infusion of $5.3 million from the FSLIC and $6.3 million from Mr.  Capozzi,
together with the use of purchase accounting, improved Bohemian's net worth from
a negative $13.7 million in mid-1983 to $13.2 million at the end of that year.

But last February, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board suspended Mr. Capozzi and
president Dan L. Wood, accusing them of overpaying themselves and of making
unprofitable real estate deals with Mr. Capozzi's companies.  Bohemian's net
worth dropped to negative $600,000 last June 30.

''Bohemian's insolvency was due to high operating expenses and a high level of
nonearning assets.  About 41%, or $105 million, of the association's assets were
nonearning,'' the Bank Board said Thursday.

The lawsuit alleges that Bohemian violated various federal regulations by
exceeding its loan limit with $15 million in loans to St. Louis developer Bill
Bruce; making direct real estate investments equal to more than 20% of its
assets, twice the legal limit; making a commercial loan while it had a negative
net worth; and failing to maintain proper accounting, loan, and appraisal
records.

The Bank Board said a large portion of Bohemian's $40 million in real estate was
included in nonearning assets.

Besides seeking more than $75 million in actual damages from Bohemian's
directors, the lawsuit seeks $4.4 million in punitive damages from Mr.  Capozzi,
Mr. Wood, and attorney Jacob Fishman, who represented both Bohemian and Mr.
Capozzi.

The FSLIC asks the U.S. District Court to place in a trust property that the
Capozzis acquired ''directly or indirectly with assets and funds of Bohemian.''

''For example, the Capozzis were personally enriched by a series of transactions
where they caused Bohemian to purchase properties in which they had ownership
interests in Florida, their state of residence, for inflated prices and without
proper documentation and without disclosing their ownership interest to the Bank
Board or the examiners,'' the FSLIC said.

Defendants in the lawsuit, along with the Capozzis, Mr. Wood, and Mr.  Fishman,
are former directors Vincent J. Bommarito, Thomas F. Kline, Daniel L.  Dierdorf,
William E. Elmore, Robert Fechner, and Floyd L. Shearin.

Mr. Bommarito is a restaurant owner here, and Mr. Dierdorf is a former pro
football player with the St. Louis Cardinals.  Mr. Bommarito served as acting
chairman last spring after Bohemian's two top officers were suspended.

Mr. Fechner, whose grandfather founded Bohemian 101 years ago, said he was
surprised to learn of the consignment order. ''I am very disappointed because we
were on our way to working out all our problems,'' he said.

Mr. Dierdorf said he had resigned last May after serving fewer than 70 days on
the board.  ''I came on the board to try to lend them some positive p.r. after
Capozzi was removed,'' he said.  ''I was trying to help out, and I guess this is
what you get.''

Martha Gravlee, a Bank Board spokeswoman who came to St. Louis to help handle
the management consignment, said Bohemian's four offices would remain open.

Farm & Home has an application pending to be acquired by Pacific Realty Corp. of
Dallas, which also owns a Texas savings and loan.

SECTION: THRIFTS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 734 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              825 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Mass. Land Courts Case Summaries: March 28, 2014

BYLINE: MALW Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2022  words


LAND COURT Editor's note: The full text of these decisions can be ordered at
lwopinions.com. Real property View easement Where plaintiff landowners have
requested declaratory relief regarding a view easement, the easement was
extinguished in 1934. "Defendants argue that the View Easement was extinguished
by merger of title in 1911. ... The View Easement was created by the 1885 Deed,
when Plaintiff Property and Defendant Property became separately owned. The two
properties were put back in common ownership with (Charles H. ] Traiser by the
1908 Deed, the 1910 Deed and the 1911 Deed, who held them in common ownership
until the 1919 Deed of Defendant Property to (Arthur E. ] Spencer. As a result,
I find that the View Easement was extinguished through the merger of title of
Plaintiff Property and Defendant Property in 1911. "... The Agreement executed
by Traiser in 1919 and the 1919 Deed together re-created the View Easement. The
Agreement expressly stated that the View Easement 'shall exist and be
appurtenant to (Plaintiff Property]. ' But the Agreement also stated that the
View Easement 'shall cease and no longer exist when title to (plaintiff
Property] shall cease to be in the said Charles H. Traiser, his heirs or
devisees.

' Fifteen years later, Traiser conveyed Plaintiff Property to (Grace E. ]
Finnegan by the 1934 Deed. By the terms of the Agreement, the 1934 Deed
terminated the View Easement. Even though every conveyance of Plaintiff Property
since 1934 still references the View Easement and not the Agreement, such
language does not re-create the View Easement. Moreover, every Certificate of
Title issued on Defendant Property since 1934 references both the View Easement
and the Agreement. Since the servient estate (Defendant Property) title
continues to reference the Agreement, it should be clear that the View Easement
is no longer valid. As a result, I find that the View Easement was re-created by
the Agreement and the 1919 Deed, but that the View Easement was extinguished by
the 1934 Deed. ... "As a result of the foregoing, I deny Plaintiffs' Motion for
Summary Judgment and allow Defendants' Motion for Summary Judgment. " Danforth,
et al. v. Groom, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 14-007-14) (11 pages) (Sands, J.)
(Land Court) (Docket No. 12 MISC 474399) (Jan. 29, 2014). Zoning Solar energy -
Building permit Where the Marion zoning board denied an application for a
building permit to construct and install a solar energy farm in a residential
district, a remand is necessary for findings on whether the solar energy systems
constitute light manufacturing. "Plaintiffs argue that the ZBA Decision is
arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, and violates G.L.c. 40A §3.
Specifically, Plaintiffs contend that because solar energy systems do not fall
in a principle use category provided by the Bylaws, the only allowed use of
solar energy systems is as accessory to residential and non-residential
principle uses. Plaintiffs argue that this restriction on solar energy systems
is 'unreasonable regulation' in violation of G.L.c. 40A, §3. ... "Under the
Bylaws at the time of filing, Plaintiffs argue that solar energy systems,
including their proposed solar farm, are unreasonably restricted. They contend
that the residential accessory use and non-residential accessory use allowed by
the Bylaws, is the only permitted use of a solar energy system because no
districts explicitly allow them, and as a result they must be excluded. ' ... In
particular, Plaintiffs argue that neither the LI District nor the GB District
allow solar energy systems because they are not listed in the use table, and
because solar energy collection does not fall under the Bylaws' definition of
'light manufacturing,' which is listed in the use table. "In their brief, the
ZBA states that a commercial non-accessory solar farm is a 'light manufacturing'
use under the Bylaws, which is not allowed in a residential district but is
allowed as of right in a LI District, and is allowed by Special Permit in a GB
District. Therefore, the ZBA argues, it cannot be said that solar energy systems
have been unreasonably regulated because they are allowed in designated
commercial districts, and as accessory in a residential district to residential
uses. ... "As a result of the forgoing, the disputed issue is whether or not a
solar energy system can be categorized as 'light manufacturing' under the Bylaws
and would therefore be allowed as a non-accessory use in the GB District and the
LI District. The problem is that in the ZBA Decision, the ZBA did not make
findings that solar energy systems could be categorized as 'light manufacturing'
for zoning purposes. The ZBA Decision stated that '( the] Bylaw provides for the
development of solar energy facilities as a permitted use within the Limited
Industrial District ... (and the] Bylaw provides for the development of solar
energy facilities pursuant to receipt of a special permit in the General
Business District. ' There was no specific finding as to why solar energy
systems are an allowed use in either the GB District (with a Special Permit,) or
the LI District. Nowhere in the ZBA Decision does the term 'light manufacturing'
appear. The explanation that solar energy systems fall into the category of
'processing,' and therefore are allowed in the LI District and the GB District
as 'light manufacturing,' was only put forth in the ZBA's Opposition Brief. "...
As a result, this court opines that the ZBA should be extended the opportunity
to make findings on this issue. This case is therefore remanded to the ZBA to
hold a hearing within thirty days of this decision and to make findings on
whether solar energy systems are 'light manufacturing' under the Bylaws. ...
"... (P]rovided that the ZBA can justify a finding that a solar energy farm is
'light manufacturing' under the Bylaws, I find that the ZBA Decision, which
maintains the division between commercial solar energy systems and residential
accessory solar energy uses, is reasonable and does not violate G.L.c. 40A, §3.
" Briggs, et al. v. Zoning Board of Appeals of Marion, et al. (Lawyers Weekly
No. 14-010-14) (9 pages) (Sands, J.) (Land Court) (Docket No. 13 MISC 477257)
(Feb. 6, 2014). Mortgages Foreclosure - Assignments Where a mortgage was
foreclosed upon in 2007 after two assignments, the foreclosure was valid under
U.S. Bank N.A. v. Ibanez, 458 Mass. 637 (2011). "The undisputed facts establish
that American, the original mortgagee, conveyed the Murillo Mortgage to Wachovia
by the (Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (MLPA)]. The MLPA uses language of
present assignment ('does hereby sell, assign') and attaches loan schedules.
Under Ibanez, these documents are evidence of an assignment if they are produced
to the Court in the form they existed at the time of foreclosure notice and
sale. The affidavit of Angela Frye, submitted with the Joint Motion for Summary
Judgment, attested that the loan schedules were contained in an Excel
spreadsheet (provided by U.S. Bank) accompanying the MLPA as identification of
the loans to be sold. On row 2334 of the spreadsheet, the Murillo Mortgage is
identified by loan number 206-465599 in column 'G', interest rate of 6.875% in
column 'N', and initial loan amount of $440,000 in column 'R'. These match the
loan number, interest rate, and loan amount set forth on the face of the Murillo
Mortgage. The entire spreadsheet is also identified as Pool Number 'WACH
2006-AMN1. ' "This information is sufficient to show that the MLPA assigned the
Murillo Mortgage from American to Wachovia. While zip code and payment history,
together with the loan amount, are not sufficiently identifying characteristics
in a loan schedule to show an assignment, Ibanez, 458 Mass. at 650, unique
information like a loan number is sufficient. Unlike loan amount or zip code,
which could apply to a number of different mortgagers, the loan number refers to
an individual loan and accompanying mortgage. The information in the loan
schedules that accompanied the MLPA is therefore adequate for identifying the
Murillo Mortgage as one assigned to Wachovia. ... "The records provided by U.S.
Bank show that a series of assignments made U.S. Bank the holder of the Murillo
Mortgage before the foreclosure of the Property. U.S. Bank had the authority to
publish the foreclosure notice and conduct the foreclosure sale. The sale to
Kidd by U.S. Bank was therefore proper and the mortgage later granted on the
Property by Kidd to M&T is valid. ..." M&T Bank v. Murillo, et al. (Lawyers
Weekly No. 14-008-14) (17 pages) (Foster, J.) (Middlesex Land Court) (Docket No.
12 MISC 474006) (Jan. 30, 2014). Real property Easement - Driveway Where an
express driveway easement exists between abutting residential parcels in
Swampscott, the scope of the easement is limited to the right of passage by
vehicle and foot for access to the rear of the plaintiffs' property, with no
right to park within the easement area. "The easement was granted on January 26,
1993 and recorded in the Essex (South) Registry of Deeds at Book 11930, Page
162. It conveys 'an easement for driveway purposes' giving the grantees, the
Coombeses, the right to use the easement 'for all purposes for which public ways
are used in the Town of Swampscott, to Lot 11 (22 Ryan Place] as is shown on
said plan and is to be held by the Grantees, their heirs and assigns. ...' There
is no mention of a right to park anywhere in the text of the instrument. ...
"There is no mention of a right to park anywhere in the text of the grant. Had
that been the agreement, the grant could easily have said so and the absence of
such language is strongly suggestive that it was never agreed. (Patrick]
McManus, who negotiated the language of the grant on behalf of the grantors, was
an attorney and surely appreciated precision in words. ... If such a right to
park was intended, surely the grantees would have insisted on such an express
statement. The instrument only conveys 'an easement for driveway purposes' that
may be used 'for all purposes for which public ways are used in the Town of
Swampscott, to Lot 11 (22 Ryan Place now owned by the Flynns]. ' It has long
been held that public ways only include a right to pass and repass and to make,
at most, only temporary stops incident to travel. See Opinion of the Justices,
297 Mass. 559, 562-64 (1937). The language of the grant, stating that it is an
easement 'to Lot 11,' (emphasis added) is further indication that the parties to
the grant only intended to convey a right to access 22 Ryan Place. Though many
property owners routinely park vehicles in their driveways, the law has not
recognized that an express easement for 'driveway purposes' necessarily includes
the right to park. See Kostorizos v. Samia, 9 LCR 117, 123 (2001) (easement
granted 'for all purposes for which private driveways are now or hereafter used'
does not include right to park), aff'd 57 Mass. App. Ct. 1112,2003 WL 940803
(March 10, 2003) (unpublished Rule 1 :28 memorandum and order). "Aside from the
absence of any language granting an express right to park, the circumstances
surrounding the grant also do not support the conclusion that the parties
intended to convey such a right. ... "Thus, the (defendants Michael A. and Heidi
A. (Smith) Colarusso] have the right to make any and all use of their property
so long as their use does not frustrate the easement's purpose, which is to
provide access by vehicle and by foot to the rear of the Flynns' property. The
Colarussos must be mindful that the easement is narrow, only 14.63 feet at its
widest point. ... Minor encroachments into the easement area may be permitted so
long as they do not interfere with the Flynns' ability to pass over the easement
by vehicle and by foot. Any encroachments that impede this access must be
removed immediately. " Flynn, et al. v. Colarusso, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No.
14-009-14) (18 pages) (Long, J.) (Essex Land Court) (Case No. 11 MISC. 444292)
(Jan. 30, 2014).

http://www.masslawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

NITI Aayog finalises Model Act for farm land lease

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, April 1 -- Even as the Bill to amend the land acquisition law remains
stuck with a parliamentary committee, the NITI Aayog is all set to propose a
Model Act for freeing up of farm land through leasing.


 The Act is meant for States that plan to legalise farm land leasing. State
governments are expected to improvise it to suit the local socio-political
requirements.
 "Land ownership will remain secure and will revert to the owner and in case the
parcel of land is sold before the tenure of the lease is complete, the rights of
the tenants will be secure," an official source told reporters. No changes will
be made in the land records, he said.
 Attestation of the lease is proposed to be done at the level of the sarpanch,
local bank official or notary. The Model Act proposes that farmers and farmer
groups be allowed to lease out land. The definition of 'farm land' is proposed
to be broadened to include food processing.
 The Model Act proposes quicker litigation process in case of disputes, by
suggesting recourse through criminal proceedings and special tribunal, the
source said.
 "It is expected that the dispute settlement will be taken up at the level of
the Gram Sabha, Panchayat and Tehsildar."
 At present, only land owners can avail of crop insurance schemes or loans.
Also, disaster relief in case of drought and crop damage is provided only to the
owners and not cultivators. The Model Act will enable share croppers to receive
such benefits and relief. "Lessee cultivators could raise crop loans on the
basis of expected produce," the official source said.
 The Model Act is being finalised by an expert committee which NITI Aayog
Vice-Chairman Arvind Panagariya had set up in September 2015 under former
Commission for Agricultural Costs & Prices (CACP) chairman T. Haque.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Utah: Farm Service Agency County Committee Nomination Period Begins June 17

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the nomination period for
local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees begins on Monday, June 17.


"I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers to participate in this year's
county committee elections by nominating candidates by the August 1 deadline,"
said Vilsack. "County committees are a vital link between the farm community and
the U.S. Department of Agriculture and provide an opportunity to farmers and
ranchers for their opinions and ideas to be heard. We have been seeing an
increase in the number of nominations of women and minority candidates and I
hope that trend continues."


To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area in which the
person is a candidate.


Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others, and organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form, FSA-669A. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available
online at http://www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2013
election must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by
close of business on Aug. 1, 2013. Elections will take place this fall.


While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

For further information please visit: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            January 19, 1998, Monday

Mugabe is forced to abandon land grab

BYLINE: Jan Raath in Harare

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 516 words


PRESIDENT MUGABE has been effectively forced to abandon his mass takeover of
white-owned farms in Zimbabwe. The climbdown, under pressure from the European
Union and World Bank, is the price for loans to save the country from economic
collapse.

The Government has signed undertakings with both institutions committing it to
observing constitutional guarantees of respect for property ownership and the
right to fair compensation when it embarks on land reform - all of which Mr
Mugabe has scorned in the last year of anti-white rhetoric.

It has also agreed to stick to its current budget for buying land to resettle
poor black people. The Pounds 2.1 million is "enough for a token handful" of
farms, a European diplomat said.

Last Friday Michael Laidler, head of the EU delegation in Harare, signed a loan
agreement for about $ 24 million (Pounds 15 million). He said that the series of
"promises, undertakings, guarantees and commitments that have been given to
secure this tranche are now under scrutiny". It would be "disaster" if Zimbabwe
failed to meet them, he said. "Please don't let us down."

The country's economy has been in chaos since Mr Mugabe's order in August to pay
guerrilla veterans of Zimbabwe's independence war pension benefits costing
Pounds 140 million. A list issued on November 28 of 1,480 farms - mostly owned
by whites and covering more than 11 million acres - for "compulsory acquisition"
dramatically worsened the situation.

Mr Mugabe refused to pay fair compensation for the land and promised to ignore
court proceedings against seizures. Farm union officials said national
agricultural output would fall 40 per cent in the first year and that 147,000
workers would be forced off newly resettled farms.

Within two months the currency has collapsed by nearly 50 per cent. The stock
market has crashed; investor confidence has evaporated; consumer prices have
soared, and workers have staged the most comprehensive strike in the country's
history.

Yesterday the independent Sunday Standard reported that the country's banking
sector faced major disruption because commercial farmers due to have their land
expropriated had stopped payments on their cumulative debt of about Pounds 60
million.

On December 31 the Government delivered a letter to the EU signed by Herbert
Murerwa, the Finance Minister, and cleared by Mr Mugabe, which listed a series
of mostly fiscal undertakings and commitments for land reform. It says the
Government will carry out land reform "in a transparent way, in accordance with
the rule of law and in terms of the Constitution". It also promises that the
process will not affect agricultural production or workers' security.

The World Bank has paid out $ 120 million after receiving an almost identical
letter. Mr Mugabe repeated the assurances in Brussels on January 7, diplomats
confirm.

The spectacular collapse of one of Mr Mugabe's most virulent campaigns is
another humiliating defeat in the last few months. Observers say it reduces his
already questionable continued tenure as head of state.


LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Newspapers Limited


                              829 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      The St. Marys Oracle (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 17, 2015

Farm Service Agency County Committee Nominations Accepted

BYLINE: The St. Marys Oracle staff

LENGTH: 341  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture today announced that the nomination period
for local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees began Monday, June
15."Through the county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice. Their
opinions and ideas get to be heard on federal farm programs," said Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. "It is important for county committees to reflect
America's diversity, so I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers, including
beginning farmers, to get involved in this year's elections. We've seen an
increase in the number of nominations for qualified candidates, especially among
women and minorities, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on a FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where they are
nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign an FSA-669A nomination form. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2015 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 3.

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots will
be due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 7.
Newly elected committee members and alternates will take office Jan. 1.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The St. Marys Oracle


                              830 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Just Sold in Hennepin, Ramsey and Anoka Counties: January 9, 2013

BYLINE: Anne Bretts

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 847  words


Editor's note: "Just Sold" is a Finance & Commerce feature based on certificates
of real estate value (CRVs) recently filed for commercial transactions and
significant residential transactions in Hennepin, Ramsey and Anoka counties as
well as in counties using the state's eCRV system. Additional details in the
transactions come from Plat Research, the Minnesota Secretary of State's office,
company documents, online real estate listings, F&C archives, CoStar and other
research.

2800 County Road 42 W., Burnsville

Burnsville developer Eugene Happe said he took his company into Chapter 11
bankruptcy in 2010 to protect a cluster of buildings during a dispute with M&I
Bank. On New Year's Eve, he bought one of the buildings back from M&I's
successor, Chicago-based BMO-Harris Bank National Association.

An ownership group named 2800 Holding LLC, which is related to EFH Realty
Advisors Inc., paid $1.15 million for Southcross Commerce Center V, a
19,782-square-foot office warehouse building at the intersection of County Roads
42 and 11. The building was completed in 2006 by EFH Co., a separate
construction company that also filed for bankruptcy in 2010.

EFH officials didn't return calls for comment.

In a 2010 interview with the Dakota County Tribune Business Weekly, Happe
confirmed that separate Chapter 11 petitions were filed for EFH Realty Advisors
Inc. and EFH Co., which share offices in Burnsville. Happe said he ran the
realty company while he had sold the construction business, EFH, years earlier
to Michael Whalen and Jim Schulz. Happe said at the time that M&I had declined
to renew loans on properties that represented about 65 percent of a real estate
portfolio worth more than $100 million. The properties weren't owned by the
companies, but by individual ownership groups, most of which were related to
Happe and his wife.

The current EFH Realty website lists 16 properties with space to lease, most of
them in Burnsville. The properties for sale include four buildings and four
parcels of land.

Ryan Krzmarzick and Eric Rossbach of the Minnetonka office of Colliers
International represented BMO-Harris in selling the Southcross Commerce
building.

Purchase price: $1.15 million

Property ID: 02-12051-02-021

Date of deed: 12-31-12

CRV filed: 12-31-12; accepted: 1-2-13

***

Property: U.S. Highway 10 and 125th Avenue, Becker

Description: 430 tillable acres/457 total acres of agricultural land

Buyer: Triple J Farms, 10568 125th Ave. (State Highway 25), Becker

Seller: Roman and Elizabeth Schommer, Plymouth

Purchase price: $2.559 million

The transaction: Norman and Margaret Johnson opened Norm's Farm Market along
Minnesota Highway 10 back in the 1950s as a way for their two young sons to sell
some of the surplus corn from the family's surrounding farm, according to their
website. Over the years various children, in-laws, grandchildren and other
relatives have worked there and in the fields, growing and selling corn, sweet
potatoes, beans, melons and other products.

Today, the family business, known as Triple J Farms, includes more than 3,000
acres and has just added more. Triple J Farms has entered a contract for deed to
acquire 457 acres it has been leasing from Elizabeth and Roman Schommer. The
four-year contract carries an interest rate of 4.25 percent. The price breaks
down to about $5,950 per acre.

In 2011, the most recent year for which data are available, the Minnesota
Department of Revenue reported 1,115 sales of 125,732 acres of agricultural
land, with a median price of $3,443 per acre.

About 430 acres of the land are tillable.

Last sale: N/A

Property ID: 05-323-1000/2000/4105/4201

Date of deed: 12-21-12

CRV filed: 12-27-12; accepted 1-3-13

*** Property: 2401-2407 Hampshire Ave. S. St. Louis Park

Description: 16 apartments in two 7,298-square-foot buildings, built in 1964

Buyer: HAMP LLC, an entity related to Scott Weber, Minneapolis

Seller: Park Hampshire Apartments LLC, an entity related to Joseph Patrick
McCormick, Minneapolis

Purchase price: $1.05 million

The transaction: A small two-building Minneapolis apartment complex that didn't
sell in 2009 went back on the market in late 2012 and sold quickly.

"I think we had it on the market about a week," said listing agent Nathan Opatz,
founder and owner of Apartment Cash Flow, an independent real estate company in
Minneapolis. Opatz said that in 2011 he noticed that a 2009 online listing had
expired and contacted the owner. The owner wasn't ready to try again, but in
2012 decided that he wanted to do a 1031 exchange to acquire a larger property.
He listed the property with Opatz, who showed it three times that first week,
drawing multiple offers and selling for close to the asking price of $1.06
million. The buyer, Scott Weber, owns other apartment properties in the
neighborhood, Opatz said.

Last sale: Park Hampshire paid $550,000 in 2002

Property ID: 08-117-21-14-0040/0041

Date of deed: 12-17-12

CRV filed: 12-24-12; accepted1-4-13

<a href="http://www.finance-commerce.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 29, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EXTREME INSURANCE COSTS WILL DECIMATE HOME SALES

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 191 words


I just received my homeowner insurance premium from State Farm. I have been with
the company since 1994, when I purchased my home. Then, the insurance premium
was $900. The new premium is $7,354.95. That is for a 2,000-square-foot,
single-story, three-bedroom, two-bathroom, single-family home. My 2005-06
premium was $2,600 ("Insurance increase worsens," Sept. 14).

I never have filed a claim, and I feel that this rate increase is unjustified.
My home has yet to cost State Farm anything more than the postage required to
send notification of these outrageous rate increases.

I work as a loan officer, and I know how these extreme insurance increases are
going to affect the average person's ability to purchase a home. They are going
to cause a domino effect of problems for the state. For instance, how is the
state supposed to attract teachers when the cost of insurance, combined with
property taxes and high real-estate prices, has put home ownership way out of
reach? They simply won't qualify for mortgages on a teacher's salary. I was
prepared for the 79 percent increase reported in the news, but not this.

CHRIS HARRISON

Lake Clarke Shores

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the Editor

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Zimbabwe Standard (Harare)

                               November 13, 2016

Bright Matonga - a Classic Case of How Not to Farm

BYLINE: Blessed Mhlanga

LENGTH: 1148 words


Chigwell Estate used to be a multi-million dollar business that produced citrus
fruits for export to the Middle East, Europe and Russia.

Just a decade ago, the farm used to employ 1 200 people and was exporting about
300 000 cartons of oranges each year, fetching between $7 and $10 per carton.

But nothing could be more ironic than Bright Matonga's authoring of what he
claims to be one of the bestselling books titled Resettled Farmers and Food
Security in Zimbabwe: Current Trends and Debates, while clearly presiding over a
classic example of how not to farm.

Matonga, a holder of a Ph.D in Strategic Management, who has left a trail of
destruction in the corporate sector after presiding over the rot at state-owned
Zupco from 2003 to 2005 as CEO, took over one of the most productive citrus
farms in Zimbabwe at the height of the controversial land reform programme, but
ran it down and wrote a book while at it.

"The argument in the book is that the resettled farmers have surpassed the
former white farmers in agricultural production, albeit with few resources, thus
vindicating the need for land reform in the country," he writes in his book.

However, a visit to Chigwell Estate -- once a major citrus exporter under the
ownership of Tom Beattie, 115 km along the Harare-Bulawayo Road -- proves his
claims were far off the mark.

The farm can now easily be mistaken for a wilting forest suffering under the
burden of the unforgiving heat.

The citrus trees at the over 700-hectare farm are now dry while shrubs block
water canals. The once rich alluvial soils also used to grow soya beans, maize
and wheat, but now not even thorns can survive -- 10 years after Matonga took
over the farm.

He inherited the estate when it had a plantation of 42 000 orange trees,
state-of-the-art export packing sheds, 10 000 hectares of irrigable land, 200
permanent and 300 seasonal workers, but he brought it down to its knees.

Tonderai Mutora walks in between dry orange trees, which last bore any semblance
of fruit some three years ago, when "cellphone farming" took centre stage at
Chigwell Estate.

Mutora worked for Beattie and then Matonga. He is now working for Agri Alliance,
a farming company owned by a white farmer who only identified himself as Tom,
who is at the farm courtesy of a government-supported initiative to bring it
back to life.

Speaking with a lot of excitement, Mutora said Matonga was the best example in
the world on how not to farm.

"He watched the water pumps die down, harvested the oranges and spent the money
on quite the high life, while he neglected putting fertilisers and paying the
workers," he said.

"He only came here for the harvest and braais with his friends and nothing
else."

Mutora said before Matonga occupied the farm, five haulage trucks would pick
export produce from the farm every week, leaving enough to keep the local market
sufficiently supplied.

"We would load five haulage trucks every week here for export and leave more for
the local market, which we supplied throughout the year. Now not even a bucket
of oranges can come out of this plantation," he said, while working on the
fields that used to be green with life, but are now a mere desert of wilt and
bareness.

The neglect could be seen on the 11km-long water canal which stretches from
Mupfure River.

Tom and his workers are now clearing the shrubs that had grown into trees and
blocked the dry carnal.

Owing to the neglect, 12 000 citrus trees have been reduced to dead wood, only
good to be used as firewood.

There is, however, still hope for 30 000 trees which Agri Alliance is working to
revive so that in six months' time they can give fruit to earn Zimbabwe the
much-needed foreign currency.

Centre pivots that used to keep the rest of the land under irrigation providing
the seasonal maize and wheat, were neglected to the extent of being irreparable.

Since taking over just six months ago, Tom has repaired two centre pivots and
put 400 hectares under maize seed.

Workers said they expected their first orange harvest in the next three weeks
after putting in work to revive the once shining light of Zimbabwean
agriculture.

Barbra Nyamhunga, who is now a member of Agri Alliance, once worked for Matonga
and watched sadly as oranges slowly turned into "lemons" under her former boss.

"I left before things were that bad, but I observed fruit quality deteriorating.
Trees were left to wilt, while bushes were hardly being cut and this affected
the growth of the citrus plantation," she said.

Oranges produced at the farm under Matonga were mockingly referred to as
"leranges" -- a mixture of lemons and oranges -- because of their bitter sweet
taste.

Matonga is reported to have borrowed a lot of money from banks to finance
operations at the farm and is reportedly struggling to repay the money.

He has since left the farm, paving way for Agri Alliance in a land utilisation
deal that involves the Ministry of Lands and financial institutions.

The five-year deal will see Agri Alliance leasing the property from Matonga, and
instead of paying him, the money will go towards settling the loans with the
banks.

Tom, who is at the centre of the deal, refused to get into details of the
agreement, simply saying, "I am here to farm and make sure this land is
productive again."

In a political environment where land tenure is only guaranteed by political
affiliation and loyalty, Tom and his team prefer to stay out of the spotlight.

Matonga said he was working on reviving the farm and referred The Standard to
his "bestselling" book for answers on how the farm would be revived.

"Thank you very much for your request. I shall be inviting you to my farm in six
months' time to witness the massive transformation that would have taken place.
In the meantime, I would like to invite you to read my best-selling book," he
said.

However, Matonga did not say how he was going to revive the farm.

Commercial Farmers Union deputy director Marc Carrie-Wilson said he was aware
that government was entering into land utilisation deals with farmers who were
evicted from their farms.

In what appears to be a subtle admission that the land reform programme crippled
the agricultural sector, government is silently luring evicted farmers, albeit
as lease holders and not owners of the land.

"We have heard that government has given the green light for joint ventures in
essentially short-term agreements of up to five years where farmers enter into
partnerships with investors or farmers with the expertise to improve
production," he said.

"In other instances which involve banks where resettled farmers who took loans
have failed to pay them, they have roped in those with the farming expertise to
inject capital and bring the land back to life while paying back the loans."

Carrie-Wilson said CFU was torn apart by the latest developments because while
they were happy to support land productivity, the conditions were not right.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Morning Star

                                 June 09, 2004

Zimbabwe minister declares end to ownership;

SECTION:  Pg. 4

LENGTH: 165 words


ZIMBABWE announced yesterday that it intends to nationalise all farmland and
abolish private land ownership.

All land will become stateowned and subject to state-issued leases, said Land
Reform Minister John Nkomo.

Title deeds of farm properties will be scrapped and replaced by 99-year leases,
with rent payable to government.

"There shall be no such thing as private land, " Mr Nkomo said.

He asked landowners or occupiers to come forward for vetting to qualify for
state leases.

The government does not intend to "waste time and money" in disputes on the
seizures of individual farms whose owners hold title deeds and other legal
documents.

"Ultimately, " he said, "all land shall be resettled as state property."

A National Land Board is to be set up to supervise nationalising all productive
farmland and its effective use.

Mr Nkomo said the state-issued leases will be sufficient collateral for farmers
to secure loans for materials and equipment.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2004

               Copyright 2004 People's Press Printing Society Ltd


                              834 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            March 13, 2010 Saturday

LVEDC reviews projects from an active year

BYLINE: By STEVE SNYDER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 442 words


The Lebanon Valley Economic Development Corp. had an active year in 2009, with
much of its work involving projects in two business parks.

LVEDC's accomplishments for 2009 are spelled out in the organization's annual
report, which was released last week.

Among those projects were:


     ·    Sale of an 11-acre parcel in Lebanon Valley Business Park to Harmon
          Family Development Co. of Ohio, which built a 124,000-square-foot
          building that has been leased to Fresenius Medical Care, a
          German-owned international medical-supply company.



     ·    Construction of Everlast Roofing's 120,000-square-foot production
          facility in Lebanon Valley Business Park.



     ·    Construction of Always Bagels, a 70,000-square-foot production
          facility in Lebanon Rails Business Park.



     ·    Expansion of Schott Pharmaceutical, a German-owned business that has
          been in Lebanon Valley Business Park since 2003. The initial $14
          million phase will add 40 jobs this year, while another $30 million
          addition is expected to add 80 jobs in the next few years.


LVEDC completed $2.95 million in business loans last year, which led to $13
million in leveraged investments, according to the report. Those loans included
eight new or expanding agriculture loans totaling $1.5 million; three Small
Business First loans (including one to Always Bagels) totaling $600,000; two
machinery and equipment loans totaling $406,500; and one Next Generation farm
loan totaling $450,000.

Other activities in which LVEDC participated last year:


     ·    Completed 120 site visits to county companies.



     ·    Dedicated Enterprise Court and Ritter Way roads in Lebanon Valley
          Business Park.



     ·    Continued Keystone Opportunity Zone work in the city of Lebanon.



     ·    Developed a new Lebanon Urban Revitalization Enterprise initiative.



     ·    Completed facilitation of a $243,000 stormwater systems improvement
          grant from the state Department of Community and Economic Development
          for the East Lehman Industrial Reuse project.



     ·    Assisted the Annville Economic Development Authority with its Annville
          Center project.


LVEDC also provided $58.3 million in facilitation financing, a catch-all
category that includes "investments in new business attraction or expansion
projects in which LVEDC is actively involved in facilitating but not as a lender
of grant administrator," according to LVEDC President Charles Blankenship.

In other action at LVEDC's meeting last week, Michael Fessler, marketing manager
for UGI Utilities, joined the LVEDC board as a director.

Blankenship reported that planning is continuing for the City Summit at the
Quality Inn in Lebanon on March 26. Sponsors are First Energy Foundation, Arthur
Funk & Sons and Bayer HealthCare.

stevesnyder@ldnews.com; 272-5611, ext. 152

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 April 15, 2008
                              Business Day Edition

Community fights curbs on land claim

BYLINE: Neels Blom

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 532  words


Community fights curbs on land claim

GaMawela want to enforce rights

Agriculture and Land Affairs Editor

THE first South African community to have successfully approached the Land
Claims Court for the restoration of their land is heading back to court.

Ten years after lodging their claim they are still seeking redress for the
systematic dispossession, which started in the 19th century and continued until
the 1980s.

The GaMawela community, whose land is in the Steelpoort area of Limpopo, had
their land restored by an order of the Land Claims Court in 2006.

However, a condition imposed by the land affairs minister on the transfer
agreement imposed an "unnecessary burden and restraint" on the community to deal
with their land as they see fit.

At stake in the case is an important principle in the land restitution process,
where newly won rights of the community are diluted by a requirement of
ministerial consent if a community wanted to encumber, sell or deal with their
land as owners.

The minister's condition also means that if land-restitution beneficiaries wish
to use their land as collateral for a bank loan to finance a farming enterprise,
they would first have to obtain the permission of the minister.

The land, now known as St George farm, lies in the Klein Dwars River valley. The
Dwars is a tributary of the Steelpoort, a major tributary of the Olifants River
flowing into Mozambique.

The Dwars follows one of the richest mineral reefs in the world, with deposits
of chrome, vanadium and platinum group metals. Anglo American subsidiary Anglo
Platinum is at an advanced stage of planning of Der Brochen mine, which will
affect land claimed by the broader GaMawela community.

Water scarcity is an important limiting factor in the economic development of
minerals and human settlement in the area and forms a fundamental issue for this
case.

"This case would never have arisen if the community had not lost their land
under racist legislation," Durkje Gilfillan of the Legal Resources Centre said
yesterday after filing papers at the Land Claims Court. "But even after
restitution, they still don't have their full rights."

The GaMawela community lost ownership in 1871, after the Zuid-Afrikaansche
Republiek government awarded the land to one of its officials. Because of the
1913 cut-off date (promulgation of the Land Act), the community could not claim
ownership on a basis of dispossession.

Instead, they lodged their claim based on rights as labour tenants, the last of
whom were removed from the farm in the 1980s. The land owner when the claim was
lodged had opposed the claim, but then sold the land to Rustenburg Platinum,
which got the farm to gain access to water. The mining house did not oppose the
claim. Mineral rights were held by Anglo Platinum at the time of lodging the
claim.

Review of the condition imposed by the minister is pressing for the GaMawela
community and Rustenburg Platinum because of expected delays in agreements
between the community and mining house on surface use for mining aims.

The community also saw the minister's condition as unnecessary, since the
Community Property Association Act provided for departmental oversight in
dealing with the land.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2014 San Joaquin College of Law
                      San Joaquin Agricultural Law Review

                                  2014 / 2015

                      San Joaquin Agricultural Law Review

                           24 S.J. Agric. L. Rev. 183

LENGTH: 10705 words

COMMENT: GOOD INTENTIONS FALL SHORT: WHY THE SOUTHEAST ASIAN COMMUNITY IS
PRECLUDED FROM OBTAINING FARM LOANS

NAME: MAO LEE  n230

TEXT:
 [*183]  I. INTRODUCTION

   It is increasingly common to see the words "pot growers" and "Southeast
Asians" linked in the news today.  n1 The cultivation of marijuana has become
prevalent among Southeast Asian farmers in California.  n2 There has been an
increase in illegal marijuana farms across the San Joaquin Valley of California
("Central Valley") because of the changes in medical marijuana laws and the
desperation of Southeast Asian farmers who have had a difficult time adapting
their skills to the area.  n3 This surge in illegal marijuana cultivation has
diminished the Central Valley's agricultural reputation.  n4

   The majority of Southeast Asian farmers are refugees who are uneducated and
speak little to no English, negatively impacting their ability earn a living.
n5 While a high percentage of Southeast Asians rely on government assistance,
n6 some are farmers operating small family  [*184]  farms which cultivate su
choy, ong choy, basil, cucumber, squash, and a variety of eggplants to sell at
farmers markets.  n7

   The operation of small family farms has reduced poverty for some members of
this community; however, the profits from selling produce often do not cover the
cost of the farm leases or living expenses.  n8 Additionally, when some
Southeast Asian farmers begin to make a meager profit, their farmlands are sold
to developers to build residential communities.  n9 At that point, they are left
with the challenge of searching for a new plot of land to farm and adjusting to
the new soil and climate, depending on the region to which they relocate.  n10
Most of these small family farmers are dually employed, performing other types
of work during the day and tending to their farms in the evening to support
their farming business.  n11 Even with both sources of income, the money earned
is insufficient to make ends meet.  n12 Despite the struggles that Southeast
Asian farmers have faced, they have contributed to the Central Valley's economy
by introducing specialty crops into the market.  n13 Such crops include ong
choy, bok choy, and Chinese eggplant, and have been the main source of produce
for the Central Valley's Southeast Asian communities.  n14

   A shift occurred, however, with the legalization of medical marijuana.  n15
Since qualified patients of medical marijuana are  [*185]  permitted to
cultivate a certain amount of marijuana plants on their own land,  n16 Southeast
Asian farmers took advantage of this opportunity;  n17 they turned to
cultivating marijuana plants as cash crops.  n18 For Southeast Asian refugees
living in poverty and dependent upon government assistance, a marijuana farm
among legitimate fruits and vegetables is a feasible method to make quick money
and climb the economic ladder.  n19 As a result, a large amount of marijuana
plants are hidden among the rows of cherry tomatoes, Chinese bitter melon, su
choy, kohlrabi, daikon, and Thai chili, to be sold as an illegal cash crop, and
not for medicinal purposes.  n20

   Cities and counties have noticed an increase in marijuana grown on
agricultural land, as well as an increase in armed robberies and violence near
these sites.  n21 The danger involved in cultivating marijuana led federal and
local law enforcement agencies to implement Operation Mercury in March of 2012,
in order to eradicate marijuana farms in the Central Valley.  n22 From the time
that Operation Mercury was first implemented up until January 2014, there have
been approximately a half-million marijuana plants confiscated, yet only
eighty-four criminal defendants were federally prosecuted in Fresno County.  n23
A number of people caught during this operation have been released without
prosecution and with no explanation.  n24

    [*186]  Preventative measures, such as granting agricultural subsidies to
Southeast Asian farmers, need to be employed as a method to halt this trend of
illegal marijuana cultivation. Southeast Asian farmers are beneficial to the
community and contribute to the economy by bringing a bountiful variety of
plants into the Central Valley.  n25 There are currently government programs
that aid other groups of disadvantaged people.  n26 Some of these programs, such
as those which create federal farm subsidies, should be amended to include
Southeast Asian farmers to deter illegal marijuana grows. The federal government
has implemented farm subsidies that are geared toward helping minority farmers,
but most subsidies have not reached the Southeast Asian farmers in the Central
Valley.  n27 For example, in 2012, the United States Department of Agriculture
("USDA") census showed that the majority of farmers who received farm subsidies
to buy or operate farmlands are from states in the Appalachian Mountains region.
n28 Since the inception of these farm subsidies, Southeast Asian farmers, as
well as a vast number of the general public, have been unaware of the subsidies'
existence.  n29

   This Comment will show that agricultural subsidy laws need to be revised to
provide much-needed assistance to Southeast Asian farmers. Modification of these
laws would support the self-sufficient farm operations of Southeast Asians,
while enhancing their economic standing and reducing their dependency on welfare
and marijuana cultivation. Part II of this Comment will explore the history of
the Southeast Asians' journey to the United States and the problems they faced
farming on American soil. Part III will discuss the current  [*187]  federal
farm subsidy programs. Part IV will analyze the obstacles for Southeast Asians
when attempting to attain the benefits of farm subsidies. Part V will advocate
for changes to the Agricultural Act of 2014 in order to provide Southeast Asians
an opportunity to obtain farm subsidies and ultimately deter them from resorting
to marijuana cultivation and government assistance.

   II. FLEEING WAR AND FACING NEW CHALLENGES

A. Contributions Not Forgotten: the Vietnam War Created Large- Scale Immigration
from Southeast Asia

   Most Southeast Asian refugees that fled to the United States are either of
Cambodian, Laotian, or Vietnamese descent.  n30 They came to the United States
around 1975, fleeing from war-torn countries after the Vietnam War.  n31 The
Central Intelligence Agency had requested the help of Laos and Cambodia to
prevent the fall of those countries to communist rule; however, this was kept
secret from the American public because the Vietnam War faced a wealth of
criticism.  n32 The Hmong lived in Laos and were recruited as soldiers to fight
alongside American forces, gather information, and assist American pilots whose
[*188]  planes had been shot down.  n33 After the fall of Saigon in South
Vietnam, the Southeast Asians who assisted the Americans in the fight against
North Vietnam fled the country for fear of persecution.  n34 The South
Vietnamese citizens who remained behind soon learned that the new communist
government required its citizens to provide cheap labor and spy on each other;
as a result, many decided to leave their homeland.  n35

   During the mid-1970's, Southeast Asians immigrated to the United States
either as refugees or children of refugees, sponsored by American families.  n36
Those who arrived in America sought shelter and were granted asylum.  n37
Southeast Asian refugees arrived and lived in different states throughout the
country.  n38 Many immigrated to California, Texas, and Minnesota, which are now
the primary states for Southeast Asian refugee populations.  n39 Soon,
California became the state with the largest population of Southeast Asian
farmers who immigrated to America with their agrarian roots and skills.  n40

    [*189]  B. Southeast Asia Farming Style: What They Have Always Known and
Done

   Before arriving in the United States, Southeast Asians farmed for survival,
and on a small-scale, in Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam.  n41 Farmers in Southeast
Asia owned the land they farmed communally or tribally with other farmers.  n42
For example, the small Hmong villages located on the mountainsides of Laos have
headmen who make decisions impacting their entire communities.  n43 Each
headman, along with one man from every family, will typically travel between
fifteen and thirty miles from the village to seek out fertile hillsides to clear
and farm.  n44 Many of these farmers do not have to pay for the land that they
farm.  n45 It is only required that they pay a small tax to the government,
which usually consists of payments in rice or a small amount of money.  n46

   The climate, periodic fall of volcanic ash, and heavy rainfall make the soil
in the Southeast Asian countries moist and ideal for farming.  n47 Due to the
limited availability of agricultural technology for assistance, these farmers
used the natural resources available to them when planning where, when, how, and
what to plant.  n48

   In Southeast Asia, farmers utilize inter-planting, a technique which involves
planting a variety of crops in the same field.  n49 They also incorporate shift
cultivation, a method that seasonally alternates between planting crops and
leaving fields fallow.  n50 Southeast Asian  [*190]  countries do not have
readily available agricultural chemicals so farmers there begin by cutting down
and burning a section of the forest, using the ash as fertilizer for the soil.
n51 A field may be used for a limited number of years and abandoned when there
is "excessive soil acidity, a decline in soil fertility or invasion by weeds,
insects, or other pests."  n52

   In these developing countries, farmers generally lack the modern machinery
used to cut down trees or to clear the space for farming;  n53 therefore, the
tools available to clear, cut, harvest, and prepare the land are very simple.
n54 Farmers use a "dibble stick to punch holes into the soil before dropping in
the seeds," and an ax, spear head, hoe, scythe, and knife to clear the area to
grow Brussels sprout, bitter gourd, bird pepper, cabbage, kale, bean sprouts,
watercress, and eggplant.  n55 This lack of technology increases the amount of
manual labor required, forcing farmers to rely on a technique called labor
exchange, or reciprocity, where the men and women in the village help one family
clear a spot for farming and then aid the next family, or exchange a portion of
their crops, for the help of others.  n56 Unfortunately, the methods
successfully employed by these farmers in their native lands for centuries have
not translated well to farming in America.  n57

C. The Challenge of Transferring Southeast Asia Farming Style to America

   For most of their lives, Southeast Asian refugees have lived as farmers in
rural areas.  n58 For many, farming is the only skill they have that can be made
useful in a "modern capitalistic society."  n59 In the  [*191]  early 1980's, an
influx of Southeast Asian refugees came to the Central Valley.  n60 Some settled
on small parcels of land and attempted farming in the Central Valley clay soil.
n61

   Southeast Asian farmers had never farmed in this type of soil and encountered
great difficulties growing fruits and vegetables here.  n62 Their home country
was lush, the soil was rich, and planting was done very differently.  n63 In
America, Southeast Asian farmers did not have access to the quality of land they
were accustomed to working in Southeast Asia.  n64 Upon arriving, they
discovered the need to implement irrigation drip systems, use plastic row
covers, or practice fumigation.  n65 Additionally, the land and government in
America brought a complexity of marketing systems and regulatory restrictions
that had to be strictly adhered to, such as safety and sanitary protocols,
mandatory training, and the procurement of farm insurance.  n66 Now operating
under the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration, Southeast Asian
farmers had to expand their close-knit communitybased farming operations to
include collaboration with farm advisors that could help ensure that their
produce complied with federal standards.  n67 Meeting such standards involved
mastering pest control  [*192]  techniques and fertilizer applications, which
were previously foreign to them in their native countries.  n68 Farm advisors
implemented programs, like the "'Master Farmer' program, that consisted of
workshops, tours of successful farms, and lectures from university experts."
n69 The trainings involved educating Southeast Asian farmers about food
contamination, pest management, personal hygiene, farming techniques, and
marketing strategies, in an effort to encourage farms to thrive.  n70

   In addition to learning these foreign farming techniques, there were language
and cultural barriers.  n71 Many of these small-scale farmers required the
assistance of translators to understand rules and regulations.  n72 Patti Hang,
manager of Vang C. Thao Farms, a Hmong family-run farming operation, stated that
the company's founder depended on his children when he first started farming
because, as a first generation immigrant lacking the benefit of a formal
education, he did not understand the legal intricacies of farming in the United
States.  n73 The challenges of farm management caused him to delegate to his
children the duties of farm management and marketing while he focused on farm
labor.  n74 Additionally, they encountered the struggle of having to pass
English tests in order to obtain the licenses necessary to purchase and use many
pesticides essential to successful farming.  n75

   Most Southeast Asian farmers have to work a second job during the day and
farm at night in order to pay for their leases, farm machine rentals, seeds,
fertilizers, pesticides, utility bills, insurance, and other farm supplies.  n76
Many cannot afford to hire farm hands; instead, farming is a multi-generational
effort involving grandparents, parents, Nov. 26, 2014) (setting up food safety
workshops to teach farmers about compliance with Food and Drug Administration
regulations).  [*193]  children, grandchildren, and other relatives.  n77
Moreover, they do not own sophisticated farming equipment, nor do they have the
financial capability to employ farm laborers; therefore, it is paramount that
the farm operation involve the entire family.  n78 In the United States, the
customary farming techniques of Southeast Asians, such as labor exchange or
reciprocity without pay, cannot be utilized, as they are illegal.  n79 Without
them, the Southeast Asian farmer is placed at an even greater disadvantage.  n80

D. Southeast Asian Farmers' Contributions to American Economy

   Despite the inability to obtain funds for farm equipment, land, and farm
laborers, Southeast Asian farmers utilized available help and education to adapt
to the clay soil and integrate the use of some agricultural chemicals.  n81 In
turn, they produced an abundant variety of vegetables from their homeland and
introduced them to farmers' markets across California.  n82 They harvested
eggplants, oriental herbs, lemon grass, mokua, opo, bitter lemon, bok choy, and
many other types of herbs and vegetables.  n83 In addition to oriental
vegetables and herbs, Southeast Asian farmers recognized that there was a high
demand for strawberries.  n84 As a result, numerous Southeast Asian farmers have
successful strawberry farms, despite the fact that strawberry is not a fruit
that is farmed in Southeast Asian countries.  n85  [*194]  These farmers
contributed to the diversity of California's crops by creating a variety of food
for California's multi-cultural population and ensuring food security for
economically disadvantaged communities.  n86 The total acreage of oriental
vegetables doubled over a ten-year period with production of more than 12,600
tons of crops harvested at a value of $ 9,600,000.  n87 Southeast Asian farmers
have also "improve[d] the local economy by purchasing fertilizers, seeds,
plastic, pesticides, backpack sprayers, tractors, rototillers, drip irrigation
lines, shovels, hoes, fittings, and other farm equipment."  n88 If Southeast
Asian farmers were provided with agricultural government aid and guidance,
similar to the education that farm advisors provided regarding the challenges of
planting in clay soil, they would continue to prosper and benefit the economy.
n89

   III. THE FARM BILLS

A. History of the Farm Bills

   The farm bill is a massive piece of legislation pertaining to a variety of
topics, with titles dating back to the Great Depression and ranging from food to
research-based conservation.  n90 This piece of legislation allocates for
subsidies in the form of "payments made and other support extended by the United
States federal government to certain  [*195]  farmers and agribusiness."  n91
With the onset of the Great Depression in the 1930's, President Herbert Hoover
supported taxing the public, with the benefit of that tax aimed toward farm
subsidies.  n92 Thus began the first government subsidy known as the Farm Board
Act.  n93 This was groundbreaking, as the government was now heavily involving
itself in agricultural matters for the benefit of the public.  n94

   The purpose of the Farm Board Act was to allow the government to intervene by
purchasing over-produced wheat and cotton, and paying for the storage of those
two crops with the intent to sell them later.  n95 One unintended, yet
significant, consequence of this legislation was a dramatic decrease in
specialty crop production in favor of the overproduction of wheat and cotton,
which many farmers felt would qualify them for the new government subsidies.
n96 After President Herbert Hoover's presidential term expired, President
Franklin Roosevelt created the Agricultural Adjustment Act to resolve the
problem of wheat and cotton over-production, by paying farmers to cease
production of those crops.  n97 In addition, he created the "idea of parity"
where the prices are fixed at a rate equivalent to rates during excellent years,
so that regardless of whether there is an issue of supply or demand, there will
be no side effect to the profit farmers receive in return for their produce.
n98 When the Great Depression ended, the agricultural world was still governed
by the "ideas of payments to reduce crops and fixing prices at
higher-than-market levels."  n99

   Since the 1930's the U.S. government has enacted variations of the farm bill
n100 and additional historical pieces of farm legislation.  n101 The  [*196]
farm bill is revised, amended, evaluated, or repealed about every five years.
n102 During a congressional hearing to make changes and affirm previous programs
within the farm bill, if Congress cannot come to an agreement as to amendments,
the measures revert back to permanent laws depending on the title under which
they fall.  n103 These permanent laws are "non-expiring agriculture policies
that were established by 1938 and 1949-era farm program laws" that are
temporarily suspended when new farm bills are implemented.  n104 Congress's
purpose for holding onto the permanent laws, although they are archaic and often
detrimental to the economy if allowed to control, is to utilize them as an
instrument to induce future Congresses to continue evaluating farm programs.
n105 Such an evaluation is certainly overdue where it concerns current loan
availability for disadvantaged Southeast Asian farmers.

    [*197]  B. Credit Title: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

   The most recent farm bill is called the Agricultural Act of 2014 ("the Act")
and will remain in effect until 2018.  n106 The USDA has authorized the Farm
Service Agency ("FSA") to administer the Act.  n107 The Credit Title of the Act
came about with the inception of the Consolidated Farmers Home Administration
Act of 1961.  n108 The Consolidated Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961
first came into fruition fifteen years after the Farmers Administration Act of
1946, in response to the evolving agricultural world.  n109 Congress was forced
to expand the agriculture credit programs to consider modern farming
technologies and resources and to concurrently amend prior loans that no longer
fulfilled their purpose.  n110 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
of 1961, originally called the Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961, became
the permanent law that authorized the USDA agricultural credit and rural
development programs.  n111

   The purpose of the Credit Title is to allow the USDA to provide "direct and
guaranteed loans to farmers and ranchers who have been denied direct credit by
commercial lenders but have the wherewithal to repay the loan."  n112 The Credit
Title consists of subsections for each of the following: farm ownership loans,
farm operation loans, emergency loans, administrative provisions, and
miscellaneous.  n113 Within these subsections, there are segments designated for
farm ownership loans and operating loans, as well as authorized programs that
are geared  [*198]  toward helping beginning farmers and ranchers, as well as
socially disadvantaged applicants.  n114

   The federal government understands that new farmers and ranchers struggle to
find and purchase land, so the USDA created programs with the intent of
assisting farmers to buy and operate land, procure farm equipment, and establish
credit.  n115 The FSA, also considered the Lender of First Opportunity, gives
farmers who were unable to obtain commercial loans an opportunity to get
subsidized farm loans through the federal government.  n116 The agricultural
loans are designed to assist new farmers, or an individual in a protected class
that has been discriminated against, regardless of the applicant's identity or
individual qualities.  n117

   The FSA offers loans for farm ownership, farm operation, conservation, or
emergency.  n118 There are five different types of loan programs: Direct Farm
Ownership, Direct Down Payment, Direct Operation, Direct Guaranteed Farm
Ownership, and Microloans.  n119 Each type of program has its own use.  n120 For
example, if a farmer needs help with expanding his or her farm, paying for
closing costs, water conservation, or protection, then the farmer should apply
for Direct Farm Ownership Loans.  n121 If the farmer is interested in purchasing
livestock, farm equipment, minor home repairs or farm operating expenses, then
the farmer should apply for Direct Operation Loans.  n122 Each of these loans
has its maximum loan amount, rates, and  [*199]  terms.  n123 The applicant may
concurrently apply for more than one type of loan, depending on the applicant's
need.  n124 Despite the existence of these various loan opportunities, Southeast
Asian farmers face significant, and often insurmountable challenges when seeking
to secure financial aid for their agricultural endeavors.  n125

   IV. OBSTACLES SOUTHEAST ASIAN FARMERS ENCOUNTER IN SECURING LOANS

A. Intent of Credit Title as Social Welfare Legislation

   The Credit Title originated from the Bankhead-Jones Tenant Act of 1937, which
was additional legislation to the farm bills.  n126 The Bankhead-Jones Tenant
Act of 1937 transformed into the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act,
and is now part of the Credit Title in the Act.  n127 In Curry v. Block 541
F.Supp. 506 (1982), a persuasive case out of the Southern District of Georgia,
the court held that the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act was social
welfare legislation to aid farmers who are "underprivileged."  n128 Social
welfare legislation was described as legislation that: 1) imposes "a minimum
standard of living"; 2) applies to "a group that falls below the minimum"
standard; and 3) establishes programs to assist "that group to reach or approach
the minimum standard."  n129 In Califano v. Aznavorian 439 U.S. 170 (1978), it
was stated that "social welfare legislation . . . involves drawing lines among
categories of people . . . ."  n130 Social welfare legislation helps members of
the public who are in need, ranging from persons who are unemployed to those who
are physically or mentally handicapped.  n131

    [*200]  In Curry, the plaintiffs were a class of farmers who had acquired
agricultural credit pursuant to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.
n132 Hostile weather and a depressed economy caused undue financial hardship
upon the farmers.  n133 They turned to the loan programs for help and, when they
were denied their rights provided by the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act, sought intervention from the court.  n134 The court focused on the history
of the government's issuance of farm loans and the legislative objective of
helping farmers who had been unsuccessful in obtaining loans from other lenders.
n135 The court cited congressional record regarding the farm loans  n136 which
stated that Congress had given the Secretary of Agriculture the power to "the
postpone payment of principal and interest on [] loans for farmers hard pressed
due to natural disasters."  n137 The court determined that the agricultural
credit program served two legislative functions, acting as both social welfare
legislation and legislation for high risk farm loan applicants.  n138 The Curry
court found that the legislature's goal was to keep farms in business because
"Congress is demanding that the [FSA] strike a balance between the business
nature of the loans and the predominant social welfare nature of the legislation
by buying those farmers crippled by circumstances beyond their control a little
time to get back on their feet."  n139

   The Credit Title came about because the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act is the permanent law for this title.  n140 The Credit Title is
social welfare legislation.  n141 This title was purposefully created with the
intent to alleviate the financial burdens facing new farmers and ranchers and
the socially disadvantaged, so they may be  [*201]  able to start a farming
business and build their credit.  n142 The FSA's goal is to ensure that farmers
or ranchers build enough credit to attain a commercial loan without the
government's assistance.  n143 To achieve that goal, the FSA has implemented
different agricultural loan programs with strict eligibility requirements.  n144
However, in their current form, such requirements thwart attempts by
disadvantaged groups, such as Southeast Asians, to attain farm loans intended
for applicants in similar circumstances and undermine the very purpose of the
FSA.  n145

1. Relevant Eligibility Criteria for Obtaining Farm Loans

   There are many factors that the FSA considers when making a determination as
to whether an applicant may receive a government loan, but the factors relevant
to Southeast Asian farmers require that an applicant be a disadvantaged
beginning farmer, a legal resident, have no government debt, submit a business
plan, have a credit history, prove an attempt at obtaining a loan, and secure
the loan with a lien.  n146

   The first eligibility factor demands that the applicant be a socially
disadvantaged beginning farmer or rancher who began farming less than ten years
prior to seeking the loan.  n147 A socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher
includes an individual that is Asian, Hispanic, a woman, African American,
Native American, Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian, or Pacific Islander.  n148
Southeast Asians commonly qualify as both socially disadvantaged farmers and
beginning farmers.  n149 The term Asian is incredibly broad.  n150 There are an
estimated 17.3 million residents of Asian descent in America.  n151 In this
context, an individual  [*202]  of Asian descent originates from Southeast Asian
countries, such as India, China, Korea, Philippine Islands, or Pakistan.  n152
By 2010, there were 1,174,651 Southeast Asian refugees who immigrated to the
U.S;  n153 however, by 2012, there were only 13,669 Asian farmers.  n154 These
types of loans would apply to Southeast Asians regardless of how long they have
been farming.  n155 Another requirement mandates that the applicant must be
either a

   U.S. citizen, national, or resident alien.  n156 The Immigration Act of 1965
permitted an influx of immigrants from Southeast Asia after the Vietnam War.
n157 The Refugee Act of 1980, with the goal of reuniting families, has allowed
more Southeast Asian immigrants into America.  n158 By 2010, there were a total
of 989,871 Southeast Asian refugees who naturalized as U.S. citizens.  n159 Also
by 2010, there were 422,063 Southeast Asian refugees recorded as permanent
resident aliens.  n160 Of that total, 30,632 came from Vietnam, 12,925 from
Burma, and the rest were other Asian ethnicities.  n161 As a result, a large
number of Southeast Asian applicants are either U.S. citizens or resident aliens
and will satisfy this second requirement.  n162

    [*203]  The "no debt forgiveness" criterion necessitates that the applicant
has not received debt relief and have not defaulted on any existing debt to the
government.  n163 Prior to having outstanding debts from the government, the
Southeast Asian farmer would need to have knowledge that there are government
loans available.  n164 A study on whether the general public is aware of the
government's farm loan subsidy demonstrated that minorities still have not heard
about such government subsidies and more effort is needed to reach out to these
communities.  n165

   These criteria fulfill the legislative intent described in Curry of assisting
a minority group because the eligibility requirements are set at standards that
are easily attainable for a disadvantaged group.  n166 Southeast Asian farmers
should reap the benefits of these farm loans, as it would further the stated
purpose of aiding a disadvantaged group.  n167

2. Elements that Impede Southeast Asian Farmers in Qualifying for Farm Loans

As found in Curry, the legislative history showed that the Secretary of
Agriculture has the authority to make changes to arduous eligibility factors
that fail to assist farmers who need financial support.  n168 However, the lines
drawn  n169 from this point forward are complex webs of minimal standards
unnavigable for the underprivileged.  n170 The following eligibility
requirements of the FSA hinder the Southeast Asian applicants' access to
government subsidies that would help elevate their financial standing.  n171

    [*204]  The demanding standard requiring submission of a business plan
requires that an individual applicant farmer first write a business plan.  n172
The purpose is to show that the farmer has a projected future plan and that he
or she understands all parts of the farm operation.  n173 A business plan
assists lenders in determining whether a farmer has the financial ability to
repay a loan.  n174 The business plan must describe the following in detail: the
vision, goal, and mission for the farm; current assets (property or investments
owned) and liabilities (payments, debts, or loans owed); what the operation will
produce and how is it going to be marketed; and whether the income will generate
enough to pay for the business and family living expenses.  n175

   In Curry, the court emphasized that social welfare legislation is written to
support the underprivileged in meeting a proposed guideline.  n176 Requiring
Southeast Asian applicants to formulate a detailed business plan frustrates the
purpose of the Credit Title.  n177 Southeast Asian farmers face both cultural
and language barriers.  n178 Making a business plan is a difficult task for
them, as many do not have access to a computer and are not formally educated.
n179 A reason for their lack of education is that "they are more likely to come
from rural backgrounds in their native countries," and have less command of the
English language.  n180 A 2012 study by the Southeast Asia Resource Action
Center revealed that Southeast Asians "continue to face issues of limited
English proficiency."  n181 Furthermore, many are  [*205]  unable to read or
write in their native language.  n182 Research found that out of fifty-six
farmers surveyed, only eleven percent of the responders had a business plan.
n183 "Southeast Asian farmers need access to culturally appropriate education
and support to help make the shift from income-generating farming activities to
wealth-generating farming businesses."  n184 Without this education and support,
the requirement of submitting a business plan merely serves to block the path to
self-sufficiency for this disadvantaged group.  n185

   The FSA imposes the challenging eligibility requirement that the applicant
have a good credit history.  n186 Many Southeast Asian farmers have very little
knowledge or experience involving credit; therefore, this criterion will
adversely affect their opportunity to apply for loans.  n187 In a survey done by
the Southeast Asia Resource Action Center in May of 2012, all of the 174
Southeast Asian participants had "little to no formal training in financial
management."  n188 Those born outside of the United States did not receive any
training at all.  n189 "The majority of those who came to the group discussion
were aware that they needed to learn more about credit building and credit
scores, as this would affect their ability to borrow for large purchases . . .."
n190 The participants would only seek to use a credit card or ask their family
and friends for help if they needed to make a large purchase or if there was an
emergency.  n191 The study found that because of their social ties to the
community, Southeast Asians favor asking friends and families for help when they
suffer any hardship over seeking loans from the bank.  n192 Additionally, there
is a fear of making an appearance at the bank because the bank industry lacks a
diverse staff pool.  n193 All participants questioned agreed that there should
be more education on use of credit, savings, banking, and other important
financial tools.  n194  [*206]  As it stands, the good credit history
requirement undermines the purpose behind the Credit Title.  n195

   Additional eligibility standards require individual applicants to demonstrate
that they have previously attempted to apply for a reasonable loan which
resulted in denial and to show that they can come up with a cash down payment of
at least five percent.  n196 These requirements contradict the aforementioned
good credit history standard because one of the reasons for rejection of a
reasonable loan is a denial for poor or no credit history.  n197 Southeast Asian
applicants who have a very limited knowledge about credit would lack credit
history and be refused a reasonable loan.  n198 The cash down payment standard
necessitates that the applicant have a cash down payment of at least five
percent of the loan amount.  n199 The majority of Southeast Asians are utilizing
some type of government assistance because their living standard does not meet
the general public minimum standard; therefore, it is unlikely that they will
have a large savings account or that they will be able to otherwise afford a
down payment of this size.  n200 A provision to toll the payment for a certain
number of years would allow the Southeast Asian farmer applicant to begin
generating a source of income from the farm business, in order to pay the
government back. The government has already provided concessions for other
groups of interest, as it did in implementing the Veteran's Home Loan program
and first time homebuyer program.  n201 In the Veteran's Home Loan program,
military members with Veteran's status are afforded an opportunity to obtain a
home loan with a zero  [*207]  down payment.  n202 The first time homebuyer
program includes a requirement for a down payment of 3.5 percent of the total
loan.  n203 What these programs share in common is that they cater to specific
groups of people and provide those groups with an opportunity to buy a home.
n204 There is no requirement that the applicants be underprivileged or in a
position that necessitates government assistance before they can receive
assistance without strenuous burden of proof that prevents them from obtaining
such prospect.  n205 Similarly, the farm loan program sought to provide a
specific group of people, beginning or disadvantaged farmers, a chance to start
a successful business.  n206 The government should apply the same principle to
farm loans and toll repayment periods.

   Congress also created the Microloans program as an additional means of aiding
applicants who have no farming experience.  n207 This loan requires less
paperwork and has a maximum loan amount of $ 35,000.  n208 The Microloans must
be secured by either a first lien on a farm property or an agricultural product
with a value of at least one hundred percent of the Microloan amount.  n209 For
this type of loan, the applicant farmer has seven years to pay it back.  n210
The only requirement for a Microloan is that the applicant must have the ability
to secure the loan with a lien that has comparable value; however, the loan can
only be used for furniture, fixtures, working capital, equipment, or
inventories.  n211 Because the maximum amount allowed is so minute, it cannot be
used to purchase an adequate plot of land that  [*208]  would generate an
income-producing farm.  n212 This is especially true since, on average, an acre
of land is approximately more than two thousand dollars.  n213

   The eligibility requirements that demand a business plan, good credit
history, prior loan application attempt, and lien requirement have contradicted
Congress' intent by preventing the Southeast Asian applicants - a disadvantaged
group - the opportunity to benefit from the government's offerings.  n214 These
criteria frustrate the purpose of social welfare legislation, as established by
the court in Curry, and prevent Southeast Farmers from realizing an opportunity
to sustain a successful farming business.  n215

   V. RECOMMENDATIONS

   When the Agricultural Act of 2014 is up for review by Congress in 2018, to
make amendments as it deems necessary and repeal any provisions that adversely
affect the community, Congress should remove the eligibility requirements of
good credit history and a prior attempt at securing a loan that resulted in
denial. The good credit history requirement should be removed because it defeats
Congress' intent of aiding the "underprivileged."  n216 It is highly unlikely
that an individual who is "underprivileged" will have the necessary credit
history to obtain a loan.  n217 In addition, compelling good credit history
contradicts the requirement that before the individual can obtain a farm loan
they have to satisfy the requirement of applying for a reasonable loan and have
been denied.  n218 If an individual has been denied a loan from a commercial
lender, due to unsatisfactory credit, then they will have already failed to meet
the good credit history requirement of the  [*209]  FSA.  n219 The bank
industries need safeguards in place to assure that they will make some profit
from helping the disadvantaged, but this should not be a reason to make it
impossible for minority applicants to secure aid from the government.  n220 As
deduced in Curry, less deference should be given to the banks because this
legislation is social welfare legislation.  n221

   In terms of the business plan, the FSA should maintain multi-cultural staff
members who can assist Southeast Asian farmers, and other minorities who are
interested in applying for a farm loan, but do not know how to read or write in
English. If the applicants have satisfied all the preliminary eligibility
criteria and the business plan remains, the FSA agents assigned to the different
applicants should be available to assist applicants in getting their ideas
transcribed onto paper. The purpose of assisting this category of people is to
help guide them toward the minimum standard because they have fallen below the
proposed standard.  n222 The complex task of writing a detailed business plan
will hinder, not guide, this group from attaining a FSA loan.  n223

   In addition, Congress should remove the down payment criteria and add a
provision to toll payment for three years in order for the Southeast Asian
farmers to realize some profits that will permit them to make payments on their
farm loans. This would be similar to the Veteran's Home Loan program that allows
Veterans to apply for loans without any down payment.  n224 An incentive should
be granted to Southeast Asian applicants who have fought alongside the United
States during the Vietnam War. Because they were recruited as soldiers fighting
for America, they should be afforded an incentive to both become more
self-sufficient in starting their own business and stop relying on the federal
government indefinitely for an income. Southeast Asian farmers should be
afforded similar treatment as Veterans.

   By affording the Southeast Asian farmers such an incentive, it will enable
the poor to learn how to manage their own business and reduce reliance on the
government for assistance. The legislature's clear  [*210]  intent of drafting
social welfare legislation to aid a socially disadvantaged group will have been
a wasted effort if the funds and regulations that have been preserved for them
were not utilized because the eligibility criteria were set at a standard that
is unreachable by the underprivileged.  n225

   VI. CONCLUSION

   Southeast Asians sought refuge in America, fleeing war and persecution in
their native countries.  n226 Although skilled at working their native soil and
resourceful in applying traditional farming methods, these immigrants'
techniques did not translate well to American geography.  n227 Cultural and
socio-economic barriers have made it difficult for them to adapt and learn the
new trades.  n228 Although some managed to work small plots for a minimal income
and have managed to contribute greatly to the diversity of food available in the
United States, others have resorted to illicit activities, such as marijuana
cultivation, to make a living or have resigned themselves to public assistance.
n229 If Congress is interested in curbing such illegal activity and helping
Southeast Asians pull themselves above the poverty line, changes will have to be
made to the farm bill. The subsidies offered to other farmers and the loans
offered to similarly disadvantaged citizens should be made equally available to
this vulnerable population. By amending the farm bill in a way that relaxes the
criteria under which an applicant may receive funds and guidance, Southeast
Asian farmers will find themselves qualified for much-needed
assistance--assistance that can ultimately be repaid to society through the
efforts of its recipients. However, if Congress allows unreasonable
qualifications to continue creating barriers to assistance for those like
Southeast Asian farmers, it will ultimately undermine the very purpose for which
the farm bills were created and cause the good intentions guiding the creation
of this revolutionary body of law to fall short.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesControlled
SubstancesManufacturePenaltiesGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct Promotion

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Gosia Wozniacka, Laotians Top Growers of Marijuana on California Farms, NW.
ASIAN WKLY., Feb. 16, 2013, at 1-3, available at 2013 WLNR 7515996; Associated
Press, CA Pot Farms Target of Crackdown, S.F. GATE, Sept. 26, 2012,
http://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/CA-pot-farms
-target-of-crackdown-3897664.php. See generally Staff Reports, Illegal Marijuana
Grow Raided Today; Four Arrested, 206 Plants Seized, CHICOER NEWS, Aug. 5, 2014,
http://www.chicoer.com/news/ci_26281681/illegal-marijuana-grow-raided-today-four
-arrested-206 (arresting only people with last names common to Southeast
Asians).





n2  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 1; Associated Press, supra note 1.





n3  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 1-2. See Mark Arax, As Prices Fall, Farmers Turn
to Illegal Cash Crops, L.A. TIMES, May 12, 2004, at 3, available at 2004 WLNR
19749137 [hereinafter Arax, Illegal Cash Crops].





n4  See Associated Press, supra note 1.





n5  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n6  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 2; Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n7  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1; Nat'l Inst. of Food and
Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Sustainable Econ. and Envtl. Dev. (SEED) Southeast
Asian Farmer Entrepreneur Program - Hmong Am. P'ship, REEIS.USDA.GOV,
http://www.reeis.usda.gov/web/crisprojectpages/0229308-sustainable-economic-ande
nvironmental-development-seed-southeast-asian-farmer-entrepreneur-program.html
(last visited Nov. 17, 2014) [hereinafter Nat'l Inst. of Food and Agric., Hmong
Am. P'ship].





n8  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n9  Id.





n10  Id.





n11  Id. at 4.





n12  Id.





n13  Jennifer Sowerwine & Christy Getz, The Changing Face of California Agric.:
Identifying Challenges and Providing Opportunities for Southeast Asian and Other
Minority Farmers, RURAL CONNECTIONS, 2011, at 26, available at
http://wrdc.usu.edu/files/publications/publication/pub__900409.pdf.





n14  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1.





n15  See Compassionate Use Act of 1996 § 11362.5, HEALTH & SAFETY (2003),
available at
http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/pub/03-04/bill/sen/sb_0401-0450/sb_420_bill_20031012_c
haptered.html (beginning November 6, 1996, medical marijuana law permits
"seriously ill residents" to use and plant medical marijuana without criminal
liabilities so long as the number of plants does not fall below either six
mature plants, twelve immature plants, or one half pound of processed
marijuana).





n16  See Compassionate Use Act § 11362.5, at 1 (setting guidelines for
cultivation).





n17  Associated Press, supra note 1.





n18  See id. (cultivating marijuana to make money); Arax, Illegal Cash Crops,
supra note 3, at 1.





n19  See Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 2; Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3,
at 1, 3.





n20  See Associated Press, supra note 1.





n21  See Press Release, Drug Enforcement Admin., Operation Mercury Targets
Large-Scale Agric. Marijuana Grows in Six Cent. Valley Counties: More than
400,000 Plants Eradicated Since March 2012 (Sept. 26, 2012), available at
http://www.dea.gov/divisions/sf/2012/sf092612a.shtml (last visited Nov. 17.
2014).





n22  See generally id. (explaining that marijuana farms have traps, armed
guards, and guns have been seized from these farms).





n23  See Press Release, Benjamin B. Wagner, The U.S. Attorney's Office, Eastern
District of California, Operation Mercury Cases (Jan. 6, 2014), available at
http://www.justice.gov/usao/cae/news/docs/2014/2014_01/01-06-14Marijuana.html
(last visited Nov. 17. 2014) (stating that Phonepaseuth Phaphilom, a Laotian
man, plead guilty to conspiring to cultivate marijuana grown on an agricultural
parcel in Southwest Fresno).





n24  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 3.





n25  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 26.





n26  See Benefits, Grants, and Loans for Citizens, USA.GOV,
http://www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Benefits.shtml (last visited Nov. 14. 2014)
(informing the public about different types of benefits available from the
government).





n27  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., What's at Stake: Support for Socially
Disadvantaged Producers, NSAC'S BLOG (Nov. 13, 2012),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/whats-at-stake-2501/ [hereinafter Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal., Socially Disadvantaged Producers]; Nat'l Sustainable
Agric. Coal., Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, NSAC'S
BLOG (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloanfy13-data-analysis/ [hereinafter
Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers] (informing that
minorities are still not aware of the subsidies).





n28  Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers, supra note 27.





n29  See id. (establishing that farm program still needs improvement in
informing minorities about the available assistance).





n30  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR, UNTOLD STORIES OF THE FORECLOSURE CRISIS:
SOUTHEAST ASIAN AMERICANS IN THE CENT. VALLEY 3 (Apr. 2011), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/SEARAC_CRISIS_REPORT_2011_Final.pdf
(including Southeast Asian Americans in the Central Valley from "the following
ethnic and language groups: Cambodia: Cham (a Muslim minority group), Khmer or
Cambodian, Khmer Loeu or Highland Khmer[;] Laos: Hmong or Mong, Lu Mien or Mien,
Khmu, Lao or Lao Loum or Lowland Lao, Taidam[;] Vietnam: Khmer. . .[,]
Vietnamese.").





n31  KHATHARYA UM, OUR JOURNEYS, OUR COMMUNITIES: SOUTHEAST ASIANS IN AM.
HISTORY 7 (2006), available at
https://www.museumca.org/wgolessons/pdf/lesson3/OMCA_WGO_Lesson3_KUessay.pdf.
See Mark E. Pfeifer, Hmong Americans, THE NEW FACE OF ASIAN PACIFIC AM.:
NUMBERS, DIVERSITY, & CHANGE IN THE 21ST CENTURY, 2003, available at
http://www.asian-nation.org/hmong.shtml (last visited Nov. 17, 2014).





n32  See UM, supra note 31, at 5, 6 (keeping Laos and Cambodia's involvement in
the war from American public to keep the country's involvement neutral); William
M. Leary, CIA Air Operations in Laos, 1955-1974: Supporting the Secret War,
1999-2000, available at
https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-ofintelligence/
csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/winter99-00/art7.html (last updated Jun.
07, 2008) (establishing that Laos is an independent state and if it falls into a
communist regime, then other bordering countries will follow).





n33  Leary, supra note 32.





n34  UM, supra note 31, at 7.





n35  Donald Walker, A Short History of Southeast Asian Immigration to San
Joaquin Cnty., THE SAN JOAQUIN HISTORIAN, Summer 2003, at 4, available at
http://sanjoaquinhistory.org/documents/HistorianNS17-2.pdf.





n36  Walker, supra note 35, at 3. See generally Pfeifer, supra note 31(fleeing
as refugees, Southeast Asians were placed in different states by settling
agencies).





n37  Barbara W.K. Yee, Health and Health Care of Southeast Asian Am. Elders:
Vietnamese, Cambodian, Hmong, and Laotian Elders, STANFORD.EDU, 1,
http://web.stanford.edu/group/ethnoger/southeastasian.html (last visited Nov.
17, 2014). See Dwi Famia, Southeast Asian Cmty. Report Exec. Summary,
VIRTIS.ORG, at 1 (Sept. 14, 2013),
http://virtisptsd.org/SOUTHEAST%20ASIAN%20COMMUNITY%20REPORT%20EXECUTIVE%20SUMMA
RY.pdf (last visited Nov. 26, 2014) (coordinating refugee asylum and
resettlement programs).





n38  See Yee, supra note 37.





n39  See generally Yee, supra note 37 (providing that all the different ethnic
groups reside in either California, Texas, and Minnesota).





n40  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., 2012 Census Drilldown:
Minority & Women Farmers, NSAC'S BLOG (Jun. 03, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/census-drilldown-sda/ [hereinafter Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal., Minority & Women Farmers] (showing on the map that
majority of Asian farmers are in California).





n41  Ana Doris Capistrano & Gerald G. Marten, Agric. in Southeast Asia, in
TRADITIONAL AGRIC. IN SOUTHEAST ASIA: A HUMAN ECOLOGY PERSPECTIVE 6, 7,
available at
http://gerrymarten.org/traditional-agriculture/pdfs/Traditional-Agriculture-chap
ter-01.pdf.





n42  Id. at 14. See interview with Chongyee Xiong, in Fresno, Cal. (Jul. 5,
2014).





n43  See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n44  Id.





n45  Id.





n46  Id. Charles Hirschman & Sabrina Bonaparte, Population and Soc'y in
Southeast Asia: A Historical Perspective, in DEMOGRAPHY OF SOUTHEAST ASIA 6
(Linda Williams & Phillip Guest, eds. 2012), available at
http://faculty.washington.edu/charles/new%20PUBS/A120.pdf.





n47  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 6.





n48  Id. at 7.





n49  Id. at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n50  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13; interview with Xiong, supra note
42. Fallow, MERRIAM-WEBSTER ONLINE DICTIONARY, http://www.merriamwebster.
com/dictionary/fallow (last visited Oct. 25, 2014) ("usu[ally] cultivated land
that is allowed to lie idle during the growing season . . . the tilling of land
without sowing it for a season").





n51  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra
note 42.





n52  Id.





n53  See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n54  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra
note 42.





n55  Id.





n56  See Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 27 (relying on labor reciprocity to
farm). See generally interview with Xiong, supra note 42 (relying on scythe and
other simple tools to clear land for farming and requiring teamwork to plant and
harvest).





n57  See infra Part II.C.





n58  Pfeifer, supra note 31.





n59  Id.





n60  J. Stumbos, Southeast Asian Refugees Learn Modern Farming Methods,
CALIFORNIA AGRICULTURE (Mar. - Apr. 1993),
http://californiaagriculture.ucanr.org/landingpage.cfm?i=i&article=ca.v047n02p9.





n61  Id.; Heidi Tarver, Clay Soil: The Good, the Bad, and the Just Plain
Annoying, BERKELEYGARDENCOACH.COM,
http://berkeleygardencoach.com/2011/04/04/claysoil-the-good-the-bad-and-the-just
-plain-annoying/ (last visited Nov. 11, 2014, 4:23 PM) (noting clay soil is
composed of clay, sand and silt particles. Soil that contains about 40% of clay
particles is considered clay soil. This type of soil becomes dense and sticky
when wet and does not drain well. However, when it dries it forms a hard crust
which is difficult to penetrate).





n62  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n63  Id.; see generally interview with Xiong, supra note 42 (stating that soil
is doughlike, not sand-like and all that the farmer needs is rain to make plants
grow; no fertilizer is needed). See supra Part II.A.





n64  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n65  Id.





n66  Id.; Jeannett E. Warnert, A Lifeline to Fresno's Southeast Asian Farmers,
Richard Molinar Retires in June, SMALL FARM NEWS (Jun. 07, 2013),
http://ucanr.edu/blogs/blogcore/postdetail.cfm?postnum=10582 (last visited Nov.
17, 2014). See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n67  See generally Warnert, supra note 66 (requiring that farmers comply with
OSHA regulations); Brenda Dawson, Post Tagged: Richard Molinar, SMALL FARM NEWS
(Apr. 06, 2012),
http://sfp.ucdavis.edu/?blogtag=Richard%20Molinar&blogasset=51570 (last visited





n68  Warnert, supra note 66.





n69  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n70  Id.; Jeannette E. Warnert, Delicious, Healthful Strawberries Will be
Available Soon at Valley Roadside, FOOD BLOG (Apr. 12, 2011),
http://ucanr.edu/blogs/blogcore/postdetail.cfm?postnum=4588 [hereinafter
Warnert, Healthful Strawberries].





n71  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n72  Id.





n73  See e-mail from Patti Hang, Manager of Vang C. Thao Farms to Mao Lee, San
Joaquin Agricultural Law Review (Aug. 22, 2014, 8:54 AM) (on file with author).





n74  Id.





n75  Interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n76  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 4. See generally Stumbos,
supra note 60 (farming supplies list).





n77  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3 (farming is family
operation).





n78  See generally Capistrano & Marten, supra note 48, at 13 (utilizing simple
tools).





n79  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 27; According to Fair Labor Standards
Act, it is a violation of the Act if agricultural workers do not receive minimum
wage with the exception that they are immediate family members. See U.S. Dep't
of Labor, Fact Sheet # 12: Agric. Employers Under the Fair Labor Standards Act
(FLSA) (July 2008), available at
http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs12.pdf (establishing that all
agricultural employees are governed by federal law regarding wages and work
hours).





n80  See supra notes 76-78.





n81  See supra Part II.C.





n82  Stumbos, supra note 60, at 47.





n83  Id.





n84  See generally Warnert, Healthful Strawberries, supra note 70, at 1
(providing an overview of strawberries stands).





n85  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1 (stating that best
strawberries are grown by Southeast Asians). See generally GEORGE M. DARROW, THE
STRAWBERRY: HISTORY, BREEDING, AND PHYSIOLOGY 113 (1st ed. 1966), available at
http://specialcollections.nal.usda.gov/speccoll/collectionsguide/darrow/Darrow_T
he Strawberry.pdf (indicating that fragaria nilgerrensis is the only berry
resembling a strawberry that is grown in Southeast Asia and have poor flavor).





n86  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 26.





n87  See id. (dating from 1994-2004 and by 2012 for ten-year period).





n88  Stumbos, supra note 60, at 47.





n89  See supra notes 67-70 and Part II.D.





n90  Laura Collins, Am. Action Forum, The 2014 Farm Bill Subsidy Reforms Don't
Go Far Enough, AMERICANACTIONFORUM.ORG (Feb. 07, 2014),
http://americanactionforum.org/research/the-2014-farm
-bill-subsidy-reforms-dont-go-far-enough (last visited Nov. 2014); Deborah
White, What are U.S. Farm Subsidies?, ABOUTNEWS.COM,
http://usliberals.about.com/od/FoodFarmingIssues/a/What-Are-Farm-Subsidies.htm.
See generally RALPH M. CHITE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43076, THE 2014 FARM BILL
(P.L.113-79): SUMMARY AND SIDE-BY-SIDE, at Summary, CONTENTS, 6-19 (2014)
(indicating that farm bill contain a variety of topics and the headings for each
sections describe each title). The Agricultural Act of 2014 contains twelve
titles: Title I-Commodities; Title II-Conservation; Title III-Trade; Title
IV-Nutrition; Title V- Credit; Title VI-Rural Development; Title VII-Research,
Extension, and Related Matters; Title VIII-Forestry; Title IX-Energy; Title X-
Horticulture; Title XI-Crop Insurance; and Title XII-Miscellaneous. CHITE, supra
note 90, at Contents.





n91  White, supra note 90.





n92  Burton Folsom, Jr., The Origin of American Farm Subsidies, THE FREEMAN:
IDEAS ON LIBERTY, Apr. 2006, at 34, available at
http://fee.org/files/doclib/0604Folsom.pdf.





n93  Id. at 35.





n94  See generally id. (breaking precedents of presidents not taxing for the
public).





n95  See id. at 35.





n96  Id.





n97  Id.





n98  Id.





n99  Id.





n100  See, e.g., Nat'l Agric. Law Ctr., U.S. Farm Bills,
NATIONALAGLAWCENTER.ORG, http://nationalaglawcenter.org/farmbills (last visited
Nov. 2014) (displaying a variation of the farm bill: Agricultural Adjustment Act
of 1933, Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, Agricultural Act of 1948,
Agricultural Act of 1949, Agricultural Act of 1954, Agricultural Act of 1956,
Food and Agricultural Act 1965, Agricultural Act of 1970, Agricultural and
Consumer Protection Act 1973, Food and Agriculture Act 1977, Agriculture and
Food Act 1981, Food Security Act 1985, Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and
Trade Act 1990, Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act 1996, Farm and
Security and Rural Investment Act 2002, Food, Conservation, and Energy Act 2008,
and Agricultural Act of 2014).





n101  See, e.g., id. (displaying additional historical farm legislation: Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1935 (Soil Erosion Act), Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1936, Steagall Amendment of 1941
(Steagall Commodity Credit Act), Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act of
1948, Food and Agricultural Act of 1962, Agricultural Act of 1964, Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1982, Extra-Long Staple Cotton Act of 1983, Dairy
and Tobacco Adjustment Act of 1983, Agricultural Programs Adjustment Act of
1984, Technical Corrections to Food Security Act of 1985 Amendments, Food
Security Improvements Act of 1986, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987,
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1990, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, and Amendments to the National
Wool Act).





n102  RENEE JOHNSON & JIM MONKE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RS22131, WHAT IS THE FARM
BILL? at Summary (2014); Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill 1 (Mar.
2014) (on file with author), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&subject=landing&topic=pfs
&newstype=prfactsheet&type=detail&item=pf_20140311_insup_en_fbil.html
[hereinafter Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill].





n103  JIM MONKE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL34594, FARM COMMODITY PROGRAMS IN THE
2008 FARM BILL 3 (2008).





n104  Nat'l Ass'n of State Departments of Agric., Potential Implications of
Repealing Permanent Farm Law, NASDA.ORG (Aug. 12, 2013),
http://www.nasda.org/File.aspx?id=21527.





n105  Id.





n106  See Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill, supra note 102, at 1.





n107  Id. (showing that the Agricultural Act of 2014 contains twelve titles:
Title ICommodities; Title II-Conservation; Title III-Trade; Title IV-Nutrition;
Title VCredit; Title VI-Rural Development; Title VII-Research, Extension, and
Related Matters; Title VIII-Forestry; Title IX-Energy; Title X- Horticulture;
Title XI-Crop Insurance; and Title XII-Miscellaneous).





n108  See Curry v. Block, 541 F.Supp. 506, 510-511 (S.D. Ga. 1982), aff'd, 738
F.2d 1556 (11th Cir. 1984) (establishing that the legislation's name changed to
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act).





n109  Id. at 510.





n110  Id.





n111  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510-511 (establishing that the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act of 1961 is the parent statute whose nature of
providing farm loans remain unchanged). CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n112  CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n113  See Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, (codified as amended in
scattered sections of 7 U.S.C.) (sectioning Credit Title into different
sections).





n114  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Loan Programs, FARM BILL FORUM COMMENT SUMMARY
& BACKGROUND, 1-2, http://www.usda.gov/documents/FARM_LOAN_PROGRAMS.pdf (last
visited Aug. 19, 2014) [hereinafter U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Loan Programs].
See FARM SERV. AGENCY, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., YOUR GUIDE TO FSA FARM LOANS 16
(2014), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa_br_01_web_booklet.pdf (last
visited Aug. 19, 2014) (assisting farmers who are beginning farmers or socially
disadvantaged in borrowing farm loans to own, expand, or start a farm).





n115  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 7.





n116  Id. at 7, 16.





n117  Id. at 16.





n118  Id. at 9.





n119  Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, Loans for Beginning Farmers & Ranchers, at
1 (Mar. 2014) (on file with author), available at
https://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginningloansoct14.pdf.





n120  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 9.





n121  Id. at 10.





n122  Id.





n123  Id. at 12.





n124  Id. at 10.





n125  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n126  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510 (establishing that Congress passed
the Bankhead-Jones Tenant Act of 1937 which provided for concept of farm loan
programs that still remains today).





n127  See id. at 510 (showing statute name changed); Agric. Act of 2014, supra
note 113.





n128  Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511.





n129  Lawrence M. Friedman, Soc. Welfare Legislation: An Introduction, 21 STAN.
L. REV. 217, 220 (1969), available at 21 STNLR 217.





n130  Califano v. Aznavorian, 439 U.S. 170, 174 (1978).





n131  Friedman, supra note 129, at 217.





n132  Curry, 541 F.Supp. 506.





n133  Id. at 509.





n134  Id. at 508-509.





n135  Id. at 509-510.





n136  Id. at 516, 518.





n137  Id. at 519.





n138  Id. at 513.





n139  Id. at 518. The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) is currently known as
Farm Service Agency (FSA). Farm Serv. Agency, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Agency
History, FARM SERVICE AGENCY, UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (Jan. 9,
2008),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=about&subject=landing&topic=ham-ah.





n140  CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n141  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510, 514 (establishing that farm legislation
name changed and farm loans are social welfare legislation); see supra note 134.





n142  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16.





n143  Id. at 7.





n144  Id. at 18-21.





n145  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing that agricultural
credit designed to aid farmers who need help).





n146  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 18-21. See U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
supra note 114, at 1-2 (establishing eligibility factors to qualify for farm
loans).





n147  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 17.





n148  Id.





n149  See id.





n150  See generally KAREN R. HUMES, NICHOLAS A. JONES & ROBERTO R. RAMIREZ,
OVERVIEW OF RACE & HISPANIC ORIGIN: 2010, at 3 (Mar. 2011), available at
https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2010/briefs/c2010br-02.pdf (showing a list of
ethnicities as Asian).





n151  See id. at 6.





n152  Id. at 3.





n153  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., SOUTHEAST ASIAN AMERICANS AT A GLANCE:
STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS ADAPTED FROM THE AM. CMTY. SURVEY 7 (last updated
Oct. 06, 2011), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/STATISTICAL%20PROFILE%202010.pdf
[hereinafter SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS].





n154  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., Minority & Women Farmers, supra note
40, at 5.





n155  See FARM SERVICE AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16, 17.





n156  Id. at 20.





n157  See Int'l World History Project, Asian Americans, in INT'L WORLD HISTORY
PROJECT, 2, http://history-world.org/asian_americans.htm (last updated Jan.
2007) (accepting immigrants from Asia by enacting Immigration Act of 1965).





n158  See id. (indicating that the Refugee Act of 1980 aided reunification of
families and brought order to admission of immigrants coming from Southeast
Asian war zones).





n159  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS, supra
note 153, at 8.





n160  RANDALL MONGER & JAMES YANKAY, U.S. LEGAL PERMANENT RESIDENTS: 2012, 4
(Mar. 2013), available at
https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/ois_1pr_fr_2012_2.pdf.





n161  Id.





n162  See supra notes 157-161.





n163  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 20.





n164  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers,
supra note 27, at 1, 3 (showing through research that only a small number of
loans have been granted throughout the nation).





n165  Id.





n166  See supra Part IV.A.1.





n167  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (permitting the underprivileged to
obtain loans).





n168  See id. at 510.





n169  See Califano, 439 U.S. at 174 (drawing lines as standards); Friedman,
supra note 129, at 220 (setting minimum standards as guidelines for status).





n170  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n171  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers,
supra note 27, at 3 (getting loans were unsuccessful). See infra Part IV.B.





n172  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 23. See generally Nat'l Inst. of
Food and Agric., Hmong Am. P'ship, supra note 7, at 2 (showing that only eleven
percent have business plan).





n173  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 22.





n174  Id. at 24.





n175  Id. at 23.





n176  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing that the social welfare
legislation helps farmers who are in need of aid because they are
underprivileged).





n177  See infra notes 178-184.





n178  See RIAMSALIO PHETCHAREUN, SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., ENCOURAGING
ECON. EMPOWERMENT: A REPORT ON THE FIN. AND BANKING CAPABILITIES OF SOUTHEAST
ASIAN AM. COMMUNITIES IN CALIFORNIA 7, 12, 14 (May 2012), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/SEARAC_2012_MAY_FINAL.pdf; see infra
notes 184-7.





n179  PHETCHAREUN, supra note 178, at 14.





n180  Id. at 11.





n181  Id. at 12.





n182  See Nat'l Inst. of Food and Agric., Hmong Am. P'ship, supra note 7, at 2.





n183  Id.





n184  Id. at 1.





n185  See supra notes 176-184.





n186  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 19.





n187  See PHETCHAREUN, supra note 178, at 20.





n188  Id.





n189  Id.





n190  Id.





n191  Id. at 23.






n192  Id. at 23.





n193  See id. at 21.





n194  Id. at 20.





n195  See supra note 175 and notes 185-192.





n196  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 19.





n197  See generally id. (requiring that applicants have good credit).





n198  See supra notes 186-191.





n199  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 18.





n200  See generally Mark Arax, Many Refugees Work While Getting Welfare, LA
TIMES, Feb. 9, 1987, at 1, available at 1987 WLNR 1515267 (relying on public
assistance).





n201  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev., Let FHA Loans Help You, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/buying/loans (last visited Nov. 2014).
See generally Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, Special Programs for Homebuyers,
HOMELOANLEARNINGCENTER.COM,
http://www.homeloanlearningcenter.com/consumerhelpdesk/specialprogramsforhomebuy
ers.htm (last visited Nov. 2014) (listing different types of government
assistance available to certain groups).





n202  U.S. Dep't of Veterans Affairs, Purchase & Cash-Out Refinance Home Loans,
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (last update Oct. 22, 2013),
http://www.benefits.va.gov/HOMELOANS/purchasecashout.asp.





n203  U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev., supra note 201.





n204  See Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, supra note 201 (catering to particular groups
with incentives that help them obtain loans).





n205  See generally id. (requiring only the minimum requirements as described by
each category to obtain the loans).





n206  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16.





n207  See Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, Microloans (Aug. 2013) (on file with
author), available at
http://www.fsa.usada.gov/Internet/FSA_File/microloans_eng_jan2013.pdf.





n208  Id.





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  See U.S. Small Bus. Admin., Microloan Program, SBA.GOV,
http://www.sba.gov/content/microloan-program (last visited Nov. 2014).





n212  See generally Cynthia Nickerson et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Trends in
U.S. Farmland Values and Ownership, in ECONOMIC INFORMATION BULLETIN 92 (Feb.
2012), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/377487/eib92_2_.pdf
(calculating maximum loan amount and cost per acre to obtain an average acreage
of land to farm).





n213  See generally id. (using the map, look for the amount of money per acreage
in regional areas).





n214  See supra Part II.A.2. See also Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing
that social welfare legislation helps the underprivileged).





n215  See supra Part IV.A.2.





n216  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511.





n217  See supra note 215.





n218  See supra note 194.





n219  See supra note 212.





n220  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 513-514 (establishing that legislation in favor
of helping underprivileged, not businesses).





n221  See id. at 514.





n222  See supra notes 130-131.





n223  See supra notes 172-185.





n224  See supra note 202.





n225  See supra Part IV.A.2.





n226  See supra Part II.A.





n227  See supra Part II.C.





n228  See supra Part II.C.





n229  See supra Part I.





n230  J.D. Candidate, San Joaquin College of Law, 2016. This comment would not
have been possible without the encouragement and support from my parents and
husband, Kham Xiong. I would like to thank my sister, Ka Lia Lee, for her
continuous effort in reading this comment to help perfect it. Lastly, many
thanks to my sister, Maic Lee, for sacrificing countless hours of her personal
time to care for my little Catherine.


                              837 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 5, 1986, Wednesday, Final Edition

Maryland Bank & Trust Settles U.S. Suit

BYLINE: By Kathleen Day, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business; C1

LENGTH: 336 words


Maryland Bank & Trust Co. agreed yesterday to pay $432,000 to settle a suit by
the federal government that claimed the Lexington Park bank lied to obtain a
guarantee from the Farmers Home Administration on a $335,000 farm loan, the
Justice Department said.

In agreeing to the settlement, the bank did not admit to allegations that the
bank said the loan was used to buy farmland and equipment while knowing the
money was used "to retire bad debts owed to it and to make cash and other
payments" to the Maryland farmer, the Justice Department said.

Bank officials could not be reached late yesterday for comment. The farmer's
name was not available from Justice Department officials.

The suit settled yesterday is an offshoot of another lawsuit that is still
pending in U.S. District Court in Baltimore by the federal government against
the bank over who should pay $460,000 in cleanup costs at a hazardous waste
site.

The problem began in 1980, when Maryland Bank & Trust got a guarantee from the
FmHA for a loan to a farmer in St. Mary's County.

The farmer defaulted on the loan, and the bank foreclosed on the farmer's land,
Justice officials said.

Later, federal officials discovered hazardous waste on the site and paid to
clean it up.

But when the government sued the bank -- which it said owned the property -- to
get reimbursed for the cleanup bill, Maryland Bank & Trust disclaimed ownership.

Also, the bank countersued the government, saying the FmHA owned the land and
that the bank merely had acted as the FmHA's agent both in setting up the loan
and in foreclosing on the property, Justice officials said.

In the course of the court paper cross fire, the government discovered that the
bank had submitted "false statements to the government in connection with a
federally guaranteed farm loan."

Yesterday's agreement settles the lawsuit about the alleged false statements,
but the suits over who owns the property and who will reimburse the government
continue, Justice officials said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              838 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 14, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BRIEFS

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 482 words



* Arco Chemical Co., a division of Atlantic Richfield Co., and Arrahona S.A.
have signed an agreement in principle in which Arco Chemical, through a
subsidiary of Arco, will purchase from Arrahona certain assets in Barcelona,
Spain, used in the manufacture of polystyrene and
acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene resins.


* Belden & Blake Energy Company, a recently organized, Ohio-based limited
partnership formed to consolidate the ownership of working and royalty interests
in certain oil and gas properties, said its exchange offer for such interests
had been extended until 5 P.M. on March 31.


* Citizens Bancorporation, a Sheboygan, Wis., bank holding company, said it
would become the exclusive representative in Wisconsin of the Los Angeles-based
First Interstate Bancorp.


* Du Pont Co.  said that a new multimillion-dollar plant would begin commercial
production in Japan during the second quarter of this year to manufacture Vespel
polyimide parts.


* First American Title Insurance Co., Santa Ana, Calif., is entering the home
warranty industry with a new affiliate, First Americn Home Buyers Protection.
The new venture, which will be based in the San Fernando Valley, will operate in
the Western states.


* First Arkansas Bankstock Corp.  of Little Rock, a multibank holding company,
said it had received Federal Reserve Board approval to acquire First National
Bank of Batesville and Bank of Newark, both in Arkansas.


* First Federal Savings and Loan Association, Winter Haven, Fla., said it had
begun negotiations for its possible acquisition by an out-of-state banking
organization. It did not disclose its name.


* Infomart, the videotex software company owned by the Canadian publishers
Southam Inc. and Torstar Corp., said it was introducing its farm management
service in the U.S. The full- color interactive videotex service, a joint
venture of Videotex America and three U.S. agricultural cooperatives, will be
introduced in Maryland, Delaware and Pennsylvania this summer.


* Interco Inc. , an apparel company based in St. Louis, said under its tender
offer to acquire Abe Schrader Corp., it had received 2,550,867 shares, or about
95 percent, of Schrader's outstanding common. Interco, which offered $14.25 for
each share, said the merger should become effective Thursday.


* Med-Tech Products Inc . of Salt Lake City, a pharmaceutical products company,
said it had been granted an exclusive worldwide license by the Medical Research
Institute of Melbourne, Fla., to market an influenza diagnostic test kit.


* Veta Grande Cos.  of Northridge, Calif., a precious metals mining company,
said it had agreed in principle to acquire a controlling interest in Golden Bear
Resources Ltd. of British Columbia for an undisclosed amount of cash and
restricted common stock.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              839 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 28, 2012 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Give Farmers Easy Access to KCC: Finmin

BYLINE: DHEERAJ TIWARI NEW DELHI

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 476 words


The finance ministry has asked banks to provide farmers easier access to the
Kisan Credit Card scheme,a move that comes after a decline in farm loans
disbursed by the state-run banks.The ministry has,among other measures,advised
the banks against charging any processing fee for a card limit of.3 lakh and
asking for a separate margin on crop loans.Farmers will also be exempt from
submitting documents related to the land title at the time of annual renewal of
the card,even if the land is already hypothecated to the bank due to a charge
against a previous loan,because there is no risk of change in the land
ownership."Some of the provisions were already there in the KCC scheme,but we
wanted banks to implement them effectively to improve credit flow to agriculture
sector," said a finance ministry official,who did not wish to be named.The
measures follow a decline in loan disbursals to the sector in the first half of
the current fiscal by a few banks,including Central Bank of India (-78.60%),IDBI
Bank (-41.71%) and Canara Bank (-3.75%),compared with the year-ago period.The
KCC scheme was introduced in August 1998,with a major share of crop loans being
routed through it,and it was further extended in 2006-07 to the state
cooperative agriculture and rural development banks so that all short-term loan
requirements for cultivation could be covered under a single window.Banks have
already been directed to issue new Kisan Credit Cards that can be used at ATMs
or point of sale terminals.Farmers will also get to earn interest on their
balance as per the prevailing savings rate.There were about 113.9 million KCC
holders at the end of March."The idea is to provide double benefit to the
farmers so that they can avail the amount as per their convenience and also earn
interest on their balance," the finance ministry official said.At present,new
borrowers are required to pay 7% interest on such loans while farmers who have
made payments on time get a further subvention of 3%,bringing down the interest
rate effectively to 4%.The official said that the government may also look at
setting up a farm credit rating institution under Nabard to build a credit
history of farmer borrowers."This will help in further easing interest rates for
those farmers who repay on time," the official added.Officials at a few
banks,however,said that they had already been proactively waiving processing fee
and margin money at the time of renewal of these credit cards."What is important
is to weed out the duplicate cards to ensure effectiveness of the scheme," said
an official with the country's biggest bank,State Bank of India.The official,who
did not wish to be named,added that the recent directive to capture biometric
details of the borrowers so as to have a second level identification will also
support the government's agenda on financial inclusion.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 28, 2012 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

Give Farmers Easy Access to KCC: Finmin

BYLINE: DHEERAJ TIWARI NEW DELHI

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 476 words


The finance ministry has asked banks to provide farmers easier access to the
Kisan Credit Card scheme,a move that comes after a decline in farm loans
disbursed by the state-run banks.The ministry has,among other measures,advised
the banks against charging any processing fee for a card limit of.3 lakh and
asking for a separate margin on crop loans.Farmers will also be exempt from
submitting documents related to the land title at the time of annual renewal of
the card,even if the land is already hypothecated to the bank due to a charge
against a previous loan,because there is no risk of change in the land
ownership."Some of the provisions were already there in the KCC scheme,but we
wanted banks to implement them effectively to improve credit flow to agriculture
sector," said a finance ministry official,who did not wish to be named.The
measures follow a decline in loan disbursals to the sector in the first half of
the current fiscal by a few banks,including Central Bank of India (-78.60%),IDBI
Bank (-41.71%) and Canara Bank (-3.75%),compared with the year-ago period.The
KCC scheme was introduced in August 1998,with a major share of crop loans being
routed through it,and it was further extended in 2006-07 to the state
cooperative agriculture and rural development banks so that all short-term loan
requirements for cultivation could be covered under a single window.Banks have
already been directed to issue new Kisan Credit Cards that can be used at ATMs
or point of sale terminals.Farmers will also get to earn interest on their
balance as per the prevailing savings rate.There were about 113.9 million KCC
holders at the end of March."The idea is to provide double benefit to the
farmers so that they can avail the amount as per their convenience and also earn
interest on their balance," the finance ministry official said.At present,new
borrowers are required to pay 7% interest on such loans while farmers who have
made payments on time get a further subvention of 3%,bringing down the interest
rate effectively to 4%.The official said that the government may also look at
setting up a farm credit rating institution under Nabard to build a credit
history of farmer borrowers."This will help in further easing interest rates for
those farmers who repay on time," the official added.Officials at a few
banks,however,said that they had already been proactively waiving processing fee
and margin money at the time of renewal of these credit cards."What is important
is to weed out the duplicate cards to ensure effectiveness of the scheme," said
an official with the country's biggest bank,State Bank of India.The official,who
did not wish to be named,added that the recent directive to capture biometric
details of the borrowers so as to have a second level identification will also
support the government's agenda on financial inclusion.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                            November 12, 1989 Sunday

HomeStart boon for first buyers

LENGTH: 569 words


The new State Government HomeStart loans are proving to be

a real bonus for intending new home buyers, according to a leading

building industry finance expert.

"There are two main ways in which HomeStart benefits the new

home buyer," said Karl Katchmar, sales and contracts manager

with Hickinbotham Homes.

"Firstly, the low deposit requirement means that many more

people are now able to afford home ownership. These are people,

often first home buyers, who could not bridge the deposit gap

under other forms of finance," Mr Katchmar said.

As an example, Mr Katchmar pointed out that, under HomeStart,

Hickinbotham house and land packages were available from as

low as $3725 deposit. This is based on the HomeStart requirement

of 7 per cent deposit, for a package comprising the three bedroom

Paterson design, land at the outstanding new Andrews Farm at

Smithfield West, all site works and footings costs, with colorbond

fencing and front lawn landscaping included.

"If the purchaser also qualifies for the Federal Government's

First Home Owners Grant of up to $2500, home ownership is possible

with only $1225 deposit," Mr Katchmar said.

"Furthermore, for an approved applicant earning a single gross

income of $280 per week, the weekly repayments under HomeStart

would by only $70.

"Taking all of those factors into account you can see why

we say that home ownership is now affordable for almost anyone,"

Mr Katchmar said.

The second way in which HomeStart benefits the new home buyer

is that in most cases, it enables them to be able to afford

a larger home.

For example, the 13 square Akora at Andrews Farm is available

at a package price of $60,890 including colorbond fencing and

front lawn landscaping. With a total deposit of $4290, and weekly

repayment of $101 for an approved HomeStart applicant earning

a single gross income of $404 per week, Mr Katchmar points out

that this package is also very affordable, even for first home

buyers.

"And a 13 square home offers a lot of living space, with a

large living room, separate dining, large family room, as well

as three good sized bedrooms," Mr Katchmar said.

The spacious Killara is also affordable under HomeStart, with

a deposit of $4940 and weekly repayment of $117 for an approved

applicant earning single gross income of $468 per week. The

Killara is an outstanding design offering over 16 squares of

quality living space, including en-suite and walk-in robe to

the large master bedroom.

"This is an outstanding opportunity for new home buyers when

you consider that a spacious home like the Killara on an outstanding

new estate is available at weekly repayments which are less

than average rentals. It is no wonder that HomeStart has been

such an immediate success," Mr Katchmar said.

Both the Akora and the Killara are on display at Andrews Farm,

open 11am to 6pm weekends, and 1pm to 5.30pm Monday to Thursday,

at Leicester Grove (off Curtis Rd), Smithfield West.

Anyone who had already received their HomeStart letters should

enquire about these packages as soon as possible, Mr Katchmar

said, while any prospective home buyers who wanted to know more

details were welcome to come in and talk to Hickinbothams trained

consultants at any of their display centres - Andrews Farm,

Woodend, Golden Grove and Willaston.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: artwork/photo: aerial view of andres farm estate; An aerial view of
Andrews Farm estate at Smithfield West

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              842 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

RBS's 'bad bank' to offload 1,300 homes: £200m portfolio ranges from luxury
block with royal links to student digs

BYLINE: Simon Goodley and Shane Hickey

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 1087 words


Royal Bank of Scotland's £3.2bn distressed-property arm is trying to sell off a
portfolio of more than 1,300 UK residential properties, and is considering
floating them on the stock exchange, in a move that would be seen by the City as
the creation of a mini "bad bank".

The investments are worth around £200m and are held within a little-known RBS
subsidiary called West Register, which holds assets valued at more than £3bn,
mostly in the UK and Germany.

The offshoot buys troubled properties from RBS and would almost certainly form
part of the potential "bad bank" that chancellor George Osborne is considering
hiving off from the rest of the 81% taxpayer-owned lender.

Aubrey Adams, head of property in RBS's Global Restructuring Group (GRG), which
includes West Register, said: "GRG is in effect the bad bank . . . we are
looking very hard at selling (the residential portfolio) as a whole. I would
love to do this as a REIT (real estate investment trust, an investment that
trades on major stock exchanges)."

A separate Guardian analysis of the West Register portfolio demonstrates what a
challenge it would be to sell, as the quality of assets vary hugely. The
portfolio contains more than 1,300 homes in Great Britain, ranging in value from
about £4m down to £40,000. Around 80% of the properties are worth less than the
UK average home price of £242,415, according to a detailed analysis of the
portfolio conducted for the Guardian by property website Zoopla.

While the analysis suggests that the value of West Register's residential
investments have remained flat over the past three years, it also shows they
have dropped by about 7% since RBS was bailed out in 2008. The residential
portfolio includes ownership or rights to loans on properties such as:

* The luxury apartment block Charters, a Sunningdale home famous for once
entertaining the Duke and Duchess of Windsor.

* A garish £2m house called Water Music located in the millionaires' enclave of
Sandbanks, Poole, and once the home of former Bournemouth football club owner
Eddie Mitchell.

1/8 A St Andrews student house next door to the digs occupied by Prince William
and the then Kate Middleton during their university days.

* Large numbers of new-build housing estates and apartment blocks built during
the last boom and located across the country.

* Streets of old properties dotted around the UK's provincial cities, often
repossessed from failed buy-to-let landlords.

The investment bank Rothschild is compiling a report for the Treasury on whether
it is feasible to split RBS into good and bad banks. It is expected to report
within weeks, with analysts broadly expecting a recommendation against a
break-up. They argue it is not needed as RBS has already wound down or sold off
the vast majority of its bad loans and European state aid rules and the need for
approval from RBS's minority investors would make the plan unworkable. In any
case, Adams predicts that West Register will sell all of its assets within three
years.

Apart from residential property, the Guardian's analysis also shows that West
Register controls vast quantities of land as well as a diverse range of
commercial property assets. They include:

* Top London office blocks.

* More than 100 pubs and hotels, including four containing restaurants run by
the celebrity chef Marco Pierre White, plus the rump of the Ramada Jarvis hotel
chain.

* A Norfolk pig farm with capacity for about "720 sows with 750 maiden gilts".

* Care homes.

West Register started coming to the City's attention after RBS was saved from
collapse by a £45bn taxpayer bailout in 2008. However, the subsidiary was
originally set up in the 1990s to take on properties from highly distressed
lending situations to avoid selling them in the open market at knockdown prices.
It competes against outside investors to take control of troubled RBS assets and
only acquires a property if it makes the winning bid.

RBS says West Register holds £3.2bn of assets, 38.8% are located in Great
Britain, 33.3% in Germany, 8.3% in the US, 2.7% in Ireland and 17% in the rest
of the world.

The vast German portfolio is partly a result of RBS's ill-fated takeover of the
Dutch bank ABN-Amro - the deal that brought the Edinburgh-based bank to its
knees in 2008.

However, West Register has attracted an army of critics. Some say that the
process allows RBS to book smaller writedowns on distressed assets as, if West
Register wins the bidding process, it will have valued the troubled properties
at a higher rate than the market. RBS counters that the process means the bank
gets a better return for its main shareholder, the taxpayer.

The property arm has attracted further controversy, as borrowers have accused it
of being a mechanism used to aggressively take their assets away - although RBS
says West Register only ever bids after investors have no chance of recouping
any return on the initial investment.

But despite those brief public debates, West Register remains an obscure arm of
which little is really known externally. Even within the bank there are
contradictions, as RBS has consistently maintained that West Register's sole
function is to own properties, and not the loans behind them.

However, the Guardian's analysis of Land Registry records shows that West
Register in fact controls rights to a string of the bad loans, including ones
attributable to: 10 Fleet Place, a City office block that is in the process of
being sold for £115m; Drayton Manor theme park in Staffordshire; Harleyford Golf
Club, part of the luxury Harleyford Estate and marina complex in
Buckinghamshire; and Sloane Square House, a large office and apartment block in
one of the most prestigious and expensive areas of London.

RBS added that West Register has rights to restructured loans on properties,
which allow the bank to share in any profits made on properties that are
eventually sold. It is not clear whether the rights, known as charges, allow
West Register to more easily take ownership of properties.

RBS's distressed-property arm has already spent years shrinking its balance
sheet since the crisis. The process has included high-profile deals such as
selling Heineken a portfolio of pubs for £412m in 2011, including the Punch Bowl
in Mayfair where the lease is part-owned by the film director Guy Ritchie.

Captions:

West Register's portfolio includes university digs next door to then students
Prince William and Kate Middleton; a Norfolk pig farm; hotel restaurants run by
Marco Pierre White, and a pub in which Guy Ritchie has an interest

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Administration Takes States' Side in High Court Tax Case

                            January 17, 1997, Friday

By Joanne Morrison



Siding with several states, the Clinton administration told the Supreme Court
that it believes states have the right to levy taxes on certain entities that
are affiliated with the Farm Credit System.

The Office of the Solicitor General took the position in an amicus brief filed
in the case, Arkansas v. Farm Credit Services et al., which may be taken up by
the Supreme Court.

The solicitor general faulted a lower court ruling that states and localities
cannot tax production credit associations, which are entities under the Farm
Credit System organized by farmers to provide short and intermediate-term
agricultural loans.

The solicitor general said the ruling would change the taxation of these
entities and argued the matter should be handled by Congress.

"The court's holding erroneously construes the Farm Credit Act of 1971 in a
manner that calls into question long-standing impositions of state taxes on
production credit associations," the solicitor general's office argued in the
Dec. 30 brief.

The solicitor general's stance is crucial for several states that now tax these
66 organizations and fear they may have to stop. Moreover, the states say this
newly granted tax immunity could apply more broadly to other federal entities.

"There certainly is that possibility," said Martha Hunt, counsel for Arkansas
Department of Finance and Administration.

In defense of the states, the solicitor general argued that Congress in its 1985
amendments to the Farm Credit Act did not intend to change the taxation of these
entities.

"Had Congress intended to alter the status quo in the 1985 amendments and to
revive production credit associations' immunity from taxation by removing the
federal stock ownership requirement, it is unlikely that it would have done so
by a "technical amendment," ' the solicitor general's office argued.

The state of Arkansas asked the high court last spring to review the case after
a federal appeals affirmed a lower court ruling that these production credit
associations are immune from taxes because the Farm Credit Act does not
expressly indicate otherwise.

Four production credit associations operating in Arkansas had sued the state
claiming that Congress' 1985 amendments to the Farm Credit Act granted a tax
immunity to these entities even though they are not owned at all by the Federal
Government.

Arkansas, along with 13 other states, argued that the lower court ruling would
for the first time in 62 years exempt these organizations - which are privately
owned - from such taxation.

"Previously, production credit associations enjoyed such broad exemption only if
the federal government itself owned shares in the institution - because that is
the immunity Congress provided by statute," 13 states including California, Ohio
and Maryland argued in an amicus brief. "The sudden shift to broad immunity
absent all government ownership occurs not by Act of Congress, but by judicial
action of the Eighth Circuit," the states argued.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 500 words

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              844 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 29, 2012 Saturday

Give farmers easy access to Kisan Credit Card scheme: Finance ministry

BYLINE: Dheeraj Tiwari

SECTION: FINANCE

LENGTH: 488 words


NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has asked banks to provide farmers easier access
to the Kisan Credit Card scheme, a move that comes after a decline in farm loans
disbursed by the state-run banks.

The ministry has, among other measures, advised the banks against charging any
processing fee for a card limit of Rs 3 lakh and asking for a separate margin on
crop loans.

Farmers will also be exempt from submitting documents related to the land title
at the time of annual renewal of the card, even if the land is already
hypothecated to the bank due to a charge against a previous loan, because there
is no risk of change in the land ownership.

"Some of the provisions were already there in the KCC scheme, but we wanted
banks to implement them effectively to improve credit flow to agriculture
sector," said a finance ministry official, who did not wish to be named.

The measures follow a decline in loan disbursals to the sector in the first half
of the current fiscal by a few banks, including Central Bank of India (-78.60%),
IDBI Bank (-41.71%) and Canara Bank (-3.75%), compared with the year-ago period.

The KCC scheme was introduced in August 1998, with a major share of crop loans
being routed through it, and it was further extended in 2006-07 to the state
cooperative agriculture and rural development banks so that all short-term loan
requirements for cultivation could be covered under a single window.

Banks have already been directed to issue new Kisan Credit Cards that can be
used at ATMs or point of sale terminals. Farmers will also get to earn interest
on their balance as per the prevailing savings rate. There were about 113.9
million KCC holders at the end of March.

"The idea is to provide double benefit to the farmers so that they can avail the
amount as per their convenience and also earn interest on their balance," the
finance ministry official said.

At present, new borrowers are required to pay 7% interest on such loans while
farmers who have made payments on time get a further subvention of 3%, bringing
down the interest rate effectively to 4%.

The official said that the government may also look at setting up a farm credit
rating institution under Nabard to build a credit history of farmer borrowers.
"This will help in further easing interest rates for those farmers who repay on
time," the official added.

Officials at a few banks, however, said that they had already been proactively
waiving processing fee and margin money at the time of renewal of these credit
cards.

"What is important is to weed out the duplicate cards to ensure effectiveness of
the scheme," said an official with the country's biggest bank, State Bank of
India.

The official, who did not wish to be named, added that the recent directive to
capture biometric details of the borrowers so as to have a second level
identification will also support the government's agenda on financial inclusion.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 16, 2014

Nomination period for FSA county committees underway

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 323  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the nomination period for local
Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees is now underway.

"County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," said Vilsack. "I hope that every eligible farmer and
rancher will participate in this year's county committee elections. Through the
county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice; their opinions and ideas
get to be heard on federal farm programs."

Vilsack added, "We've seen an increase in the number of nominations of women and
minority candidates, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form, FSA-669A. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Committees consist of three to 11 members that
are elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 3, 2014. Ballots are due
back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 1, 2014.
Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                              846 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 3, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

LAND REFORM MAKES LIFE BETTER, THOUGH NOT EASIER

BYLINE: By LYDIA CHAVEZ

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2, Column 4; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 996 words

DATELINE: EL SUNZA, El Salvador


The sun had just started to peek over the volcano and throw light over the
fields owned by the El Sunza Cooperative in the western province of Sonsonate.
The campesinos were already at work on 860 acres of sugar cane, 860 acres of
coffee trees and 90 acres of corn and other grains.

The El Sunza Cooperative is one of 317 in El Salvador, most of them established
in March 1980, five months after a military coup overthrew the Government of
Gen. Carlos Humberto Romero and brought the promise of social and economic
reforms.

These Phase I cooperatives represent the country's earliest attempt at land
redistribution. Some of them have had substantial problems in receiving credit
on time. Some former owners are contesting the price of the land and have made
it difficult for the cooperatives to get started by burning or removing farm
equipment. However, probably the two biggest reasons so many cooperatives are in
trouble are the low prices for their produce and the lack of technical
assistance.

A later phase of land reform, called ''Land to the Tiller,'' allows peasants to
buy up to 17.5 acres of the land they previously rented.  These campesinos have
had problems with former owners who periodically throw them off the land after
successfully contesting ownership. Many campesinos who have the right to buy are
afraid to apply because of threats from the owners. Some have given up because
the owners have demanded illicitly high prices.

In the last three years, the 300 members of El Sunza have been learning how to
operate a large enterprise while struggling to repay their mortgage and other
loans and earn enough to feed a community of 4,000. Prices for most commodities
have been below costs and El Sunza has had to cut back on the fields under
production and consequently on labor.

It is in the group of cooperatives - about two-thirds of the total - that are
struggling to survive or are near bankruptcy. Only a third are turning a profit.
About 40 cooperatives have been abandoned because they are close to areas where
leftist insurgents have been battling Government troops.

''I don't think we are going into bankruptcy because the sugar fields are good
and are a guarantee,'' said Concepcion Gonzalez, one of the five members of the
cooperative's board. ''This cooperative will be on its own in three years if
nothing happens to affect it.''

The interest rates are important because they can increase the price of the farm
substantially. Mr. Gonzalez said that the worth of the El Sunza Cooperative,
which was owned by Giammatei Risso & Company, was $1.3 million, but the interest
rates had nearly doubled the price. The former owners, whose whereabouts are
unknown, are not contesting the price, according to Mr. Gonzalez.

Mr. Gonzalez is worried about other debts that El Sunza has been accumulating.
The cooperatives receive loans at 13 percent, but when they are unable to pay,
the rate can move up to 15 percent. Many of El Sunza's loans are at that rate
now. Western labor advisers have said that just one good year of coffee or
cotton prices could clear the debts of many cooperatives.

Mr. Gonzalez was unsure of how the production compared to the year before the
land was expropriated, but during the last crop season, the Phase I farms
planted about 11,567 fewer acres. Some land was left unplanted because of the
war, and some because credit did not arrive on time, according to American
advisers.

Few of the people who live on the cooperatives are better off financially than
they were as laborers. In El Sunza the campesinos earn about $1.50 a day, about
as much as they made three years ago.  It is clear, however, that they prefer
the cooperative to working for someone else.

''It is more difficult now because there are a lot of people the cooperative
cannot put to work, but we own this land,'' said a 60-year-old man, who with hoe
and canteen was headed for the fields.  He is one of only 232 campesinos that
are needed to tend the crops until the November harvest.
Hanging In Is Hard

''There is a lot of pressure for employment,'' Mr. Gonzalez said.  ''But there
is always something for people to do. Many people have two or three cows, so if
they are not working with the cooperative they take care of their animals. Those
who don't have animals have their own piece of land they take care of.''

A group of cooperative members in the western province of Ahuachapan have asked
the former owner to take over the cooperative, but the people working in El
Sunza have no intention of giving up.  Last year they purchased a new truck, and
all year they have been working to repair a sugar reprocessing plant that will
further lower their transportation costs. They take their ownership
responsibilities seriously, including, for 140 of them, attending evening
literacy classes in the barn. Others will spend a whole evening discussing how
to keep the cows out of the crops.

The Salvadoran Institute for Agrarian Reform holds the title on all the
cooperatives and has at least one representative on every farm.  Some Government
officials have criticized the institute for trying to block the land program by
making it difficult for the cooperatives to get final title and credits for
planting. El Sunza had difficulty getting a production loan two years ago, but
Mr. Gonzalez said that in the last year the application process had gone
smoothly.

Mr. Gonzalez and other members of the cooperative avoided the topic of politics,
and what political party they might support in December's presidential
elections. ''I don't think that anyone here has the time to think of political
matters,'' he said. ''I personally think that if we are farmers, we must think
like farmers and see what we can profit from it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of campesinos at work

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              847 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 18, 2010 Monday

Beginning farmers

BYLINE: Christine Des Garennes, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


Jan. 18--Illinois Finance Authority sets limit at $470,100 A state loan program
for beginning farmers has increased the maximum loan amount available to
applicants.

The Illinois Finance Authority's Beginning Farmer Bond Program now allows
farmers the chance to borrow up to $470,100, up from $250,000.

The Beginning Farmer Bonds program started in the early 1980s, previously under
the Illinois Farm Development Authority. Since then, farmland values have risen
over the years, but the lending limit had not changed.

At the end of 2009, high-quality farmland in Illinois cost between $5,800 and
$7,500 per acre, and mid- to lower-quality land brought in $4,000 to $5,800 per
acre, according to a recent report by the Federal Reserve Bank.

"Borrowers and bankers were faced with a program that was out-of-date," said
Eric Reed, regional manager with the Illinois Finance Authority.

State agencies called on federal legislators and as part of the 2008 farm bill,
the lending limit was linked to an inflationary index, allowing for annual
increases. Raising the lending limit also required state legislative approval,
which was granted last year.

"This brings it up to date with what's realistic in terms of land costs," Reed
said.

To be eligible, an applicant must be an Illinois resident at least 18 years old,
be a sole proprietor and have a net worth under $500,000.

The land to be purchased also needs to be in Illinois. And there are some
limitations, which vary by county, on previous land ownership. There is no
maximum on the applicant's age.

The applicant also needs to have financing approved by the lender of his or her
choice.

"Through the tax-exempt benefits of this program, borrowers typically receive an
interest rate reduction by 1.5 to 2 percent of a standard or typical interest
rate," Reed said, with the underlying interest rate based on the applicant's
credit. The rate is generally lower as lenders pass on the savings through the
Illinois Finance Authority's tax exempt rate.

The Illinois Finance Authority is a state agency, governed by state law, but it
does not receive any state appropriation. It's funded by the fees and interest
revenue from its products and services, Reed said.

In addition to working with farmers, the agency offers programs for
agribusinesses and other businesses and industries in the state.

The Farm Beginning Bond Program is one of the most popular ag programs.

The "bread and butter client" tends to be someone who has returned to the family
farm after college, worked a few years in farming and then has the opportunity
to buy land, Reed said.

In the past five years, there have been 291 transactions worth $54.6 million
dedicated to new or first-time farmers through the Beginning Farmer Bond
program.

More information about the program is available at www.il-fa.com/agriculture.

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-gazette.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Gazette,
Champaign-Urbana, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100118-CM-AG-LOANS-20100118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2010 The News-Gazette


                              848 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                   July 17, 2003 Thursday NSW Country Edition

Land values vanish in  turn of a tap - Rural Finance - Business Surveys Series

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Jo Studdert

SECTION: FEATURES-TYPE- SERIESSUPPLEMENT; Pg. T07

LENGTH: 749 words


Farm valuation is in a legal drain, writes Jo Studdert

WATER reform is causing financial consternation among farmers and their bankers.

In the 1990s, the Council of Australian Governments' agreed to separate water
from land administratively, handing the ownership and control of water to state
governments. Water no longer belonged to the farmer through whose land it flowed
or who bought a water lease for agricultural use.

The problem is one of definition: the rights to the use of water are now outside
the common law definitions of property. In so far as a farmer will have a right,
it will not be a property right. Because of this, a farmer cannot
uncompromisingly offer a water right as security for a loan to sustain his
business.

Bankers, likewise, can't easily lend to a farmer because they cannot value the
underlying asset (the water right) on which to offer a loan. Compounding this,
bankers can't accept the water rights as security because they do not know the
value or marketability of the security should the lender default.

This removes the value of a water resource from a rural holding. When estate
agents, or bankers, are valuing a farm, they will no longer value it as a whole.
They will value the land only. The value of the water used on it will be a
separate calculation -- whose elements are not yet clear. What is clear is that
ownership of the water, or the right to the water, will not reside with the
farmer.

This brings a number of complications. The simplest is that, in areas where
agricultural use of water is high, as in cotton and rice-producing districts,
the value of a farm will now be almost nil since the value of dry land in such
areas is negligible.

How is a banker to lend on such a place? How is a farmer to borrow? Neither the
banks nor the courts can rely on centuries of property law to determine the
value of the security not rely on the law to uphold those familiar principles of
property law.

In making the reforms, state governments have focused on the environmental
issues -- which are substantial -- leaving corollaries and consequences to
another day. But farm production and rural financing can't go on hold while
legislatures debate.

Col Thomson, president of the NSW Irrigators Council, says investment in rural
Australia in the last 20 years has been staggering. "No one knew at the time
that they were doing this with such a huge level of risk because access to water
then was sure and so investment decisions could be made clearly.

"Now, those investments may not be able to pay for themselves, and the
governments have made any subsequent financing more expensive by adding a higher
level of uncertainty, which banks cover by raising their lending conditions,"
Thomson says.

"The governments are pressuring farmers to use more environmentally friendly
systems but by their uncertain legislation, make it harder or dearer for farmers
to survive. This doesn't help the farmers, the bankers, the economy or the
environment," he says.

State governments will trial the system. Whether there will be interim
strategies or compensation packages for bankruptcies is not clear. The resultant
uncertainty will interrupt agricultural planning until certainty in the law, and
in access to finance, returns.

Australian Bankers Association director Stephen Carroll says there are two
possible solutions. State legislatures can define the water rights as property,
which would clear up the confusion, or they could specify all the details
concerning the legal standing of water rights so that any interested party --
farmer, banker, receiver -- can value the underlying asset on which any
financing is to be done.

These details would have to cover all matters affecting what would normally be
defined as property and what a mortgagee in possession can do with it.

Should neither of these solutions be forthcoming, financing will be smitten.
Even well-established agribusinesses with longstanding borrowing histories with
their bankers will be affected because the banks must, by the prudential
regulations of Australia, adhere to responsible lending practices.

Lending to a dry farm does not come into it.

The National Farmers Federation's Charles Burke says: "It's not about owning the
water; it's about being secure in my access to it, to underpin my farm
projections, to be in control of my business. We need a designated right that
guarantees the security of your right to continue making your living."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              849 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           September 19, 2003 Friday

Home loans to stop brain drain

BYLINE: By Higher Education Reporter LOUISE TRECCASI

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 439 words


UNIVERSITY graduates will be offered special home loans in a bid to prevent them
from being lured interstate.

Under the Graduates Loan scheme - believed to be the first in Australia - being
offered by HomeStart finance recipients can borrow 100 per cent of the property
value.

The program - modelled on a US scheme - takes advantage of the First Homeowners
Grant.

To be eligible, applicants must have completed a university degree, had
continuous employment for at least 12 months, saved $1000 or have a regular rent
record and intend to live in the home to be purchased. It must be their first
property.

The maximum home loan available is $250,000. However, applications beyond that
ceiling will be assessed on individual merit.

People who graduated as far back as 10 years ago are still eligible.

The first recipient of the scheme was Rebecca Parsons, 23, who used her loan to
buy a $145,000 house at Ingle Farm.

"I probably would have moved interstate if I didn't get the grant," the
Elizabeth East Primary School teacher said yesterday.

"Other banks didn't want to know me and they were asking for an $8000 up front
deposit or more.

"I couldn't believe it.

"When I rang HomeStart the Graduate Loan appealed to me straight away because I
only needed $1000 savings and the repayments were easy to handle."

HomeStart Finance chief executive officer Gary Storkey said assisting young
people to enter the housing market was of major benefit to the state's economy.

"Without this assistance it would be near-impossible for young people to take
their first step into home ownership, and if we can help them do that here, we
are keeping knowledge in the state," he said.

"We are committed to helping moderate-income individuals and families to realise
their dream of owning a home and are often the only solution for many
households.

"The difference from a normal home loan is in the sense that with this scheme,
no deposit is needed."

Mr Storkey said the company was "trying to do its bit" to keep young graduates
in SA.

"We want to keep them here rather than have being lured interstate or overseas,"
he said.

"And home ownership has a very stabilising effect on people's lives. If they
could afford to buy a home they might stay in the state."

SA Real Estate Institute president Oren Klemich welcomed the scheme.

"While Adelaide is still affordable compared with other states, it is becoming
harder for first home buyers to get into the market," he said.

"Anything that can assist graduates and young people to make buying a home
easier and helps to keep them in the state is applauded."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              850 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 20, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Reagan to Propose Trimming '85 FMHA Budget by $3 Billion

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A10

LENGTH: 565 words


President Reagan will propose cutting about $3 billion from Farmers Home
Administration (FmHA) programs for low-income rural housing assistance and loans
to farmers in fiscal 1985, according to unpublished budget documents.

Although the administration apparently has backed away from the block grant
approach to rural housing aid that Congress scuttled last year, the FmHA budget
will propose major reductions in housing assistance for the poor.

Rural housing loans for rental units, low-income single-family units, domestic
farm laborers and other programs would drop from a current level of $3.3 billion
to $2.3 billion under these proposals--which are almost certain to draw fire
from Capitol Hill.

The proposed FmHA fiscal 1985 budget would be $6.4 billion, compared with $9.4
billion in the current fiscal year.

"That is absolutely not 'safety-net' politics," said an aide to Rep. Henry B.
Gonzalez (D-Tex.), chairman of the House Banking subcommittee that oversees
rural housing programs. "Even the $940 million for rental housing loans in the
current budget is inadequate. Now they would cut it to $690 million. It really
falls short of the mark. And remember, this is for the lowest-income rural
people."

Jim Schuyler, an official of the National Association of Home Builders, said his
organization had not seen the FmHA budget figures, but would be developing a
position on proposed reductions at a meeting in Houston this week. The NAHB
traditionally has supported the rural programs, which channel loan money to
builders of low-income rental units.

The president's FmHA budget proposals also include:

Elimination of the controversial business and industrial loan program, a
congressional pet now funded for $300 million.

A $25 million cut, down to $600 million, in farm-ownership loans, but an
increase of $160 million, up to $1.9 billion, in operating loans to farmers who
cannot obtain money elsewhere.

Discontinuation of a $600 million economic emergency loan program for
farmers--originally halted by the Department of Agriculture but restarted under
a federal court order last month--and a $1.2 billion cut in the emergency
disaster loan program for farmers.

In a possible reflection of farm-belt politics in an election year, though the
agricultural loan program would be held $1.6 billion below its current level,
this year's proposed cuts are less than those of previous years.

A justification accompanying the spending proposals says that operating loan
levels would be increased because of the continuing difficulty many farmers have
in getting help from commercial lenders. "These borrowers are unlikely to be
able to establish other lines of credit until their cash and equity position
improves," the FmHA said.

The apparent sharp reduction in FmHA agricultural lending activity may be
deceptive, however. The budget will propose a cut of $1.1 billion in the
emergency disaster loan program, dropping it to $870 million. But the program is
keyed to respond to weather and natural disasters, which usually are beyond the
control of the FmHA and the White House.

Other proposed cuts include soil and water loans (down $5 million), watershed
protection (down $26 million) and resource conservation loans (down $4 million).
A rural housing restoration program approved last year by Congress would not be
funded under the president's proposal.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              851 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            February 24, 2014 Monday
                                   E2 Edition

Willing buyer, willing seller principle part of land-reform pledge

BYLINE:  PIET RAMPEDI piet.rampedi@inl.co.za

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 460 words


THE DA will commit to the principle of willing buyer, willing seller on land
restitution if it wins the elections, its manifesto states.

The official opposition will make sure the courts have the final say in
determining prices when land is expropriated.

Helen Zille's party has said it would invest R10 billion in land reform over
five years, but only once an "overhauled policy" was in place.

It has also pledged to eliminate uncertainty about land reform and land
ownership through a commitment to the principle of willing buyer, willing
seller, and by ensuring that the courts remain the final arbiter in determining
prices when land is expropriated in the public interest, the manifesto says.

"The uncertainty around the ownership of key assets in rural economies
discourages investment in agricultural activity. The government has admitted
that the uncertainty around land reform has reduced the number of commercial
farmers and undermined food security, leading to increased imports and higher
food prices. This disadvantages the poor most."

According to a land audit released last September, private individuals and
foreigners own close to 80 percent of South Africa's land, while the state owns
14 percent.

The audit said 96 million hectares were in the hands of private individuals,
companies and trusts.

By comparison, the state owned 17 million hectares.

While sustainable and fair land reform was the "right thing to do" in a country
with a history of dispossession, land reform should contribute to rural
economies by giving locals greater access to productive assets, the DA says.

"Land reform must achieve justice while retaining and increasing land
productivity."

The manifesto promises to use part of the R10bn to provide low-interest loans
for private land transactions and establish a fund for equity schemes.

To address land restitution, the DA pledges to:

l Use available resources better by releasing state-owned land for reform,
ensuring the Department of Rural Development and Land Reform was adequately
staffed and corruption free.

l Release about 17 million hectares of state-owned communal land for reform and
give citizens title deeds to the land on which they live or farm.

l Use reform models such as joint ventures, contract farming and farm equity
schemes.

l Train and support new land owners by increasing the number of projects that
become self-sustaining and providing reasonable income.

President Jacob Zuma and the ANC have blamed the willing buyer, willing seller
principle for the marginal transfer of land since 1994.

They said some farmers deliberately frustrated the land restitution process by
demanding exorbitant prices. The ANC's manifesto has since replaced the willing
buyer, willing seller principle with a "just and equitable" one.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 21, 1990, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Judge Refuses to Order Silence in Art Case

BYLINE: By WILLIAM H. HONAN, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 22, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 976 words

DATELINE: DALLAS, June 20


A Federal judge today rejected a plea by the family holding the Quedlinburg art
treasures to order all parties in the suit over the ownership of the artworks to
refrain from discussing the case in public.

The family contended that publicity surrounding the art treasures had prompted
vandals to break into an unoccupied house belonging to the family two nights ago
and ransack it in the mistaken belief they would find the artworks there. The
appeal also said that because of adverse publicity surround the case, members of
the family had been forced to take ''extreme measures'' to protect themselves.

In rejecting the appeal for a restraining order, District Court Judge Sidney A.
Fitzwater did agree to modify an earlier order so that the inspection and
photographing of the artworks by representatives of an East German church that
claims their ownership must be supervised by a United States marshal, and that
none of the parties may reveal ''the location, place or time of the inspection
and photographing.''

Where Some of the Works Are

Earlier this week, John R. Farley, the president of the First National Bank of
Whitewright, Tex., acknowledged that at least some of the artworks known as
''the Quedlinburg treasure'' were in the bank's vault and have been there for
several months.

Judge Fitzwater's order included stipulations that the artworks must be handled
by ''persons wearing cotton gloves,'' that a yardstick or other scale must be
used in some or all of the photographs and that the family now holding the
artworks ''will not interfere with the process of photographing the items,
except to protect the physical integrity of any item.''

Judge Fitzwater issued the order after a conference call with the parties during
which representatives of the East German Stiftskirche-Domgemeinde of Quedlinburg
complained that John S. Torigian, the lawyer who represents the family, would
not cooperate in an inventory of the artworks, as the court had ordered. The
family holding the artworks are heirs of Joe T. Meador, a former United States
Army lieutenant who is beleived to have taken the works from a hiding place near
Quedlinburg in the closing days of World War II. Mr. Meador died in a nursing
home in Whitewright, a farm town about 65 miles north of Dallas, in 1980.

On Monday, Judge Fitzwater granted a 10-day restraining order to prevent either
the bank or the family from moving the artworks.

Art as Collateral

Meanwhile, a director of the First National Bank of Whitewright, who spoke on
condition of anonymity, acknowledged that the bank had accepted a portion of the
Quedlinburg artworks as collateral for a loan, and he provided additional
details about the bank's relationship with Jack Meador, the brother of the man
suspected of taking the works.

The bank's president, John R. Farley, said in an interview on June 18 that he
''may have'' accepted the art works as collateral.

Mr. Meador, who owns and operates Meador Inc., the hardware and farm-equipment
business founded by his father in Whitewright, ran into financial difficulties
last January and resigned as a member of the bank's board, a bank director said.
Mr. Meador's name still appears on the rose-colored stone tablet on the bank's
facade that lists the members of the bank's board.

Because Mr. Meador's business, in the words of the director, ''was getting a
little sticky'' in February, the bank asked him to provide additional collateral
for an outstanding loan. Mr. Meador offered a portion of the artworks, and the
bank accepted the object or objects, the director said.

The Bank Gets a Lawyer

When Willi A. Korte, a West German specialist in the recovery of cultural
property, visited the bank on May 7 and told Mr. Farley that the artworks had
been stolen from Germany, Mr. Farley retained Timothy E. Powers, a Dallas
lawyer, ''because he is a specialist in this kind of international law,'' the
director said.

He said Mr. Farley had been ''completely surprised'' when told that the artworks
were stolen.

Acting on Mr. Powers' advice, the director said, Mr. Farley told Mr. Meador he
could no longer use the artworks as collateral, and could not remove them from
the bank's large, walk-in vault until Mr. Korte's claim of ownership by the
church in East Germany had been resolved.

The director also said that Mr. Powers, representing the First National Bank of
Whitewright, which was named as a defendant in a civil lawsuit filed in Federal
court in Dallas on June 18 seeking the recovery of the artworks for the East
German church, would file a motion asking that the bank be dismissed from the
suit since it made no claim to ownership of the property, and would also seek
attorney's fees.

Consulting a New York Expert

The director also said that in 1986 the bank tried to have the artworks
appraised ''as a favor'' to Mr. Meador.

He said that after photographs of the two manuscripts were sent for evaluation
to H. P. Kraus, the New York City dealer in rare books and manuscripts who died
in 1988, Mr. Kraus offered $100,000 for the two medieval manuscripts. When Mr.
Kraus's offer was rejected, this bank director said, he offered $150,000, which
was also rejected.

Reached by telephone in London, Roland Folter, the director of H. P. Kraus Rare
Books, said it was ''absolutely untrue'' that either he or Mr. Kraus made an
offer for the manuscripts. He said that after Mr. Farley sent him photographs of
the manuscripts ''he was fishing for an offer.''

''I told him I could not make an appraisal unless I saw the manuscripts, not
just photographs of them,'' Mr. Folter said, ''and since he would not let me see
them I never made an appraisal and certainly neither Mr. Kraus nor I made an
offer.''

Mr. Meador has refused to comment on the case, and Mr. Torigian, his lawyer, did
not return telephone calls.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A director of the First National Bank in Whitewright, Tex., said
the bank had accepted some of the Quedlinburg treasures as collateral for a
loan. This 1513 Gospel may have been one of the works accepted. (Verlag von Otto
Hendel, 1922)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              853 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            December 8, 2014 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

NAMA takes High Court case against family of dead developer

BYLINE: Michelle O'Keeffe

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 374 words


NAMA has launched High Court proceedings against the widow and son of Philip De
Vere Hunt, who took his own life two years ago.

Mr De Vere Hunt had been a defendant, along with Tipperary businessman Pat
Moloughney, in a case taken by NALM, a 100 per cent-owned subsidiary of NAMA.

The case was taken in respect of a (EURO)30million AIB loan used for the
development of the Clonmel Town Shopping Centre in 2007, which was opened in
2008 with Tesco as the anchor tenant.

Mr De Vere Hunt took his own life in December 2012 after his dealings with the
State's loans agency brought him 'to the end of his tether', according to the
coroner for south Tipperary Paul Morris.

NAMA filed proceedings against his wife Annette and son Robert last week in
relation to the family farm. Speaking to yesterday's Sunday Business Post, Mrs
De Vere said: 'It is beyond belief what they have tried to do, but we're not
alone.

'I have tried to meet with them, to sit down and talk. I don't want to spend the
rest of my life looking over my shoulder. And the costs are just staggering when
you have the State as your enemy.' She added: 'We're farming people - we're
ordinary Joe Soaps who've worked hard all our lives. It is scandalous what's
going on.' Mrs De Vere Hunt said NAMA's new proceedings last week against her
and her son to gain access to the family farm - where her late husband's ashes
were spread - has contributed to 'the most horrendous time' of her life.

She said before her late husband's financial difficulties and his death, they
had started the process of transferring their farm, which has been owned by the
family for five generations, to their son Robert. Mrs De Vere Hunt said that
such family transfers were common in the farming community. She said: 'A family
farm is sacred... NAMA is questioning our motivation and our reasons for doing
it.' Some of the assets from Mr De Vere Hunt's business ventures - in which his
partner was Mr Moloughney - have been sold to meet various debts.

Mrs De Vere Hunt said she had been trying to negotiate with the National Asset
Management Agency, but to no avail.

She said: 'My husband's ashes are spread on the farm. That land will never be
owned by anyone but us.' A NAMA spokesman declined to comment yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 21, 1997 Friday

BYLINE: Bob Link

LENGTH: 274 words


A Minneapolis-based corporation, Summit Milling Company, has signed an operating
lease agreement and plans to buy the Fish'N Dakota fish farm north of Beulah.
The company is a natural agri product corporation.

Merlyn Peltier, founder of Summit Milling, said the operating lease is an
interim step toward purchasing the assets of Fish'N Dakota, the struggling
business owned by Gov. Ed Schafer. The company has been operating the business
since Jan. 1. ""We anticipate completing the acquisition of Fish'N Dakota within
the next couple of months,'' Peltier said in a press announcement issued
Thursday. ""We're excited about bringing Fish'N Dakota into our corporate family
and the diversity it adds to our product offerings.'' Summit Milling will be the
second company attempting to purchase the governor's business, which was
established before Schafer took office. Golden Fisheries of Stanton also signed
a lease and took over operation of the tilapia farm in 1994. But efforts to
secure a $2.5 million federal loan guarantee fell short, stalling the sale in
1996. The loan guarantee, which was initially denied, was appealed and
overturned allowing additional work on the application. No recent activity by
the applicant has been reported. Fish'N Dakota resumed operation of the facility
last year. Schafer continues to pay past-due bills on the operation. Despite
several attempts to make the fish farm a political target, Democrats were unable
to use the fish farm against Schafer in his 1996 re-election bid. Rick Davis of
Bismarck, one of Schafer's original partners in the business, has been hired to
manage operations of Fish'N Dakota.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                             March 11, 2008 Tuesday

Patea land transfer step in doubt;
Legal process may have been missed

BYLINE: WOODD Richard

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 369 words


A KEY legal step to transfer the Patea freezing works to Crown ownership may
have been overlooked.

Lawyers Simpson Grierson, in an investigation for the South Taranaki District
Council following the Waitangi Day fire at the derelict works, say it appears
the works, previously owned by Escada Enterprises Ltd, are now vested in the
Crown.

"We would expect this to have been recorded on the title by way of a formal
transfer. However, it is possible this step has been overlooked."

Minister for the Environment Trevor Mallard has not conceded the Crown owns the
property and is seeking more information.

Based on its legal opinion, and supported by a similar finding by Ngati Ruanui
lawyers, the STDC is saying the Crown is liable for all present costs to contain
asbestos on the site, and for longer-term site remedial work. This has been
estimated at $5 million.

Council chief executive Craig Stevenson released the legal opinion after a
request by the Taranaki Daily News. Written by Simpson Grierson partner Don
Holborow, it says Escada ran an angora rabbit farm at the site until 1994 when
the business failed and the company was struck off the NZ Companies Register.

According to Escada director John Kemp, the Bank of New Zealand foreclosed on
the company's loan for the site and sold off surrounding properties to locals,
leaving the property landlocked.

The principal buyer was Patea contractor Noel McColl, who still owns and farms
most of the land surrounding the old works. The council has continued to send
rating notices to the company in Australia, and ex-Escada director Lloyd Jeffree
has been paying the rates.

The legal opinion says the computer freehold land register still records Escada
as the registered proprietor.

The Companies Register records Escada's current status as "struck off".

The removal from the register would have followed from a dissolution process,
such as a voluntary winding up, and company records were being searched to
determine the details of this.

The legal opinion says section 337 of the Companies Act 1955 would have
applied.This essentially means, when a company is dissolved, property owned by
the company and not distributed or disclaimed, vests in the Crown, the opinion
says.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                                February 1, 2008

Dairy parlours resound with applause

BYLINE: Hugh Stringleman

LENGTH: 883 words



HIGHLIGHT: Leasing an alternative path to white gold


PGG Wrightson intends to back the winning dairy industry with a new cow leasing
product offered by its finance arm.

Dairy farmers who need to stretch their capital can now opt to put cows on
five-year operating leases from PGG Wrightson, which retains ownership and the
residual value at lease end.

For the big listed rural servicing company, the lease proposition neatly
combines its nationwide livestock expertise with an ambition to grow its finance
division quickly.

"There's a real make-it-happen attitude in the company, which comes from the
top," said a senior finance executive, Tony Ashdown.

Traditionally not as strong in dairy farm servicing as in sheep and beef, PGG
Wrightson must ensure its share of the dairy gusher.

Fonterra Co-operative Group has announced it will be dispersing $4.5 billion in
payments to farmers for milk as an outcome of trading in six months to November
30, more than twice the $2 billion in the comparable prior period.

When attempting to explain to a dairy farmer focus group recently the desired
consistency of cow dung, a farm advisor said it should sound like a low hand
clap as it hits the concrete floor.

It is not hard to imagine the nation's 12,000 farm dairies ringing with
applause!

Land and cow values have rocketed, hence the room for new financing products.

Equity partnerships and syndicates are now commonplace for farm purchases or
conversion projects over $10 million.

Variable order sharemilking agreements ease the accretion of cow capital,
attempting to keep sharemilkers in what has now become an endurance race for
farm ownership.

With cows now worth $2000 or more, up 50% in value from 12 months ago,
struggling sharemilkers and intending dairy farm owners need all the help they
can get.

But is cow leasing just too expensive and unnecessary?

Total payments over the fixed five-year term on a $2000 cow will add to $3250,
which the company claims is similar to a 12% financing cost.

The lessee takes any calves born and makes all mating, feeding and animal
welfare decisions.

PGG Wrightson will use its agents for twice-yearly farm inspections to ensure
the leased animals remain alive and in residence, or arrange replacement or
residual payment.

The farmer has therefore freed up capital, perhaps for faster expansion where
capital limitations exist, and gained the tax advantages from deductible lease
payments.

PGG Wrightson general manager finance Peter Engel said livestock leasing takes
capital away from a depreciating asset in favour of land or off-farm investment,
which is an appreciating asset.

For instance, farmers could place a section of their existing herds on
lease-back and "capture" the capital tied up in these very high cow prices.

While nodding at the versatility, prominent farm accountants and advisors say
they would only advise livestock leasing where compelling reasons exist for the
alternative uses of capital.

The tax advantages of leasing are not in themselves good enough reason, they
say.

Christchurch-based farm accountant Pita Alexander said most sharemilkers had
done very well out of owning cows, with 10% to 15% average earnings on capital
even before the recent hike to $6.90/kg milksolids payout.

"That earnings rate is going to double this year," he predicted.

"Leasing of cows could only have a place where the need for capital is very
important, like land expansion," he said.

Mr Alexander pointed out that farmers could borrow up to 60% of valuation for
cow purchases and pay around $200/year for five years and own the animal at the
end.

Farm finance specialist Don Fraser, of Cambridge, said if dairy farmers and
sharemilkers could afford to own their livestock, they should "stick with it".

"I won't be advising most of my clients to lease," he said.

"Leasing may have a place in special circumstances, if a land purchase is in
prospect perhaps.

"I also worry that one company [PGG Wrightson] can get complete control over a
farmer's business. It takes away farm choice."

Hastings-based StockCo has been offering livestock leases for about four years
and it is backed by the largest rural lender, ANZ National.

Managing director Marcus Kight said farmers preferred to own hard assets, such
as land and shares, and were more open nowadays to alternative financing
products for other purposes.

StockCo does offer shorter leasing terms than PGG Wrightson and it will expect
dairy clients to speed up their payments from much healthier cashflows.

Some indication of PGG Wrightson's efforts in tapping the dairy bonanza may be
contained in its half-yearly results due out on February 19.

The company has already forecast a result of around $60 million net profit after
tax and amortisation for the full year to June 30, 2008.

That would be a 50% rise on the previous two financial years and it would made
up of $40 million from trading and $20 million from the sale of a port terminal
by Agri-feeds at Mount Maunganui, an unrealised equity gain from its shares in
NZ Farming Systems Uruguay and a performance fee from NZFSU share price growth.

As a result of the company's intention to distribute between 80% and 100% of net
profit, shareholders would expect a full-year dividend around 20c per share.

On past performance, perhaps 6c of that dividend would be declared with the
half-year result.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 8, 1991, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

FACE OFF: Son Bill and co-executor of estate are locked in bitter battle to gain
control of Harold Ballard's Maple Leaf Gardens

SECTION: SECTION 1, SPECTRUM; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 421 words


The death last April of Harold Ballard, the cantankerous former controlling
shareholder of Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd., has set in motion an acrimonious battle
for control of the company.

The key combatants are son Bill Ballard, who had a stormy relationship with his
father, and publicity-shy Steve Stavro, president of the Knob Hill Farms Ltd.
grocery chain, Harold Ballard's confidant and co-executor of his estate.

At stake is control of Harold E. Ballard Ltd., a private holding company that
controls Maple Leaf Gardens, estimated to be worth between $150 million and $200
million. This is based on the hapless - but commercially successful - Toronto
Maple Leaf hockey club, and the pricey real estate the Maple Leaf Gardens
occupies.

High-priced lawyers on both sides see no end in sight to the bitter
confrontation, unless a compromise is reached between Stavro and Ballard. That's
an unlikely scenario, given the tough stands of the two camps.

Ballard, Stavro and other parties connected with the Gardens are tangling in at
least three complicated, inter-related legal battles to settle the ownership
issue.

In what could be an important development on the legal front, Ballard is set on
Wednesday to appeal an earlier court decision allowing Stavro to lend Harold
Ballard's estate $20 million to repay a loan to Molson Cos. Ltd.

Ballard borrowed the money in 1989 to buy the HEB shares held by his daughter,
Mary Elizabeth, the idea being to consolidate his control over HEB. (Under a
1966 agreement, Ballard set up the holding company, HEB, and gave each of his
three children 33 common shares. After buying Mary Elizabeth's stake, he also
bought Harold Jr.'s shares. Bill Ballard held on to his stake.)

But Ballard's estate had difficulty servicing the debt, and Stavro lent the
money to the estate to pay the loan after it missed payment deadlines. The
Molson loan was secured by Mary Elizabeth's shares and if the estate defaulted
on the loan, Molson would have acquired those shares.

In return, Stavro was given an option to purchase the estate's 50.7% stake in
HEB. If exercised, this would essentially give him control of Maple Leaf
Gardens.

Wednesday's appeal is only the tip of the legal iceberg. Stavro, Ballard and
Harold Ballard's estate are also disputing recent court-ordered changes in HEB's
board of directors and its equity structure.

In the accompanying articles, The Post looks at the two would-be chiefs and
examines what they will bring to the job.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Friends say Ballard has a little of his crusty father's
feistiness, but they insist he isn't a carbon copy

Photo: As a boy, Stavro displayed entrepreneurial flair by selling produce to
riders on passing streetcars

Graph: Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd.

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              858 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           October 16, 1999 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

BRIEFS

SECTION: NEWS; In Brief Local; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 630 words


Australians lag in paying off homes

The Australian dream of owning a home is taking longer to achieve, with the
average age of homeowners without a mortgage now above 60. Australians still
have one of the highest levels of home ownership in the world, however, with
seven out of 10 homes either owned outright, or being paid off, the Australian
Bureau of Statistics said in its latest survey of housing occupancy and costs.
Sydney has the nation's highest housing costs with average mortgage repayments
of $269 per week, with Hobart the lowest on just $142 a week.

World War I veteran dies

One of Australia's last surviving Light Horsemen, Mr Joseph Clark, below, died
in a Melbourne nursing home yesterday after a short illness. He was 102 years
old. Mr Clark was a farm worker in Tasmania when he enlisted in 1918 at the age
of 20. In October 1918 - when World War I was nearly over - he went to Egypt
with the Third Light Horse. After his discharge in May 1919, Mr Clark worked in
a Tasmanian brickyard. He later worked at the Melbourne and Metropolitan
Tramways Board until he retired. There are now only three surviving Light
Horsemen in Australia, and only one, Mr John Kerr, in Victoria. Mr Clark is
survived by a daughter.

Combet elected to replace Kelty

The ACTU assistant secretary Mr Greg Combet was yesterday elected unopposed as
secretary. Mr Combet's ascendancy to the most powerful position in the
Australian union movement will officially take place on 16 February when he
replaces Mr Bill Kelty. The focus now turns on who will replace the president Ms
Jennie George, who wants to step down in June.

Man avoids jail over bank theft

A disgruntled employee who stole $100,000 from the Reserve Bank of Australia was
saved from an immediate two-year jail term because, among other factors, he now
suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. Darren Keith McLachlan, 29, of Thornbury,
pleaded guilty in the County Court to one charge of theft and falsifying
records. The court was told he had given $80,000 to a prostitute as a "gift".
Judge Tom Wodak said he was not satisfied McLachlan had suffered from his
illness at the time of the offence on 11 September 1996. He was released on a
$1000 recognisance order to be of good behavior for four years.

Boy killed on freeway

The 1999 Victorian road toll reached 300 last night after a 14-year-old boy was
hit by a car on the Tullamarine Freeway, at Strathmore. Police believe the boy,
Abdullah Emniyet, of Coburg North, was hit by a Nissan sedan at 5.20pm in the
centre lane of the Bell Street off ramp. He was taken to the Royal Children's
Hospital where he later died.

Tourist critical after cliff fall

A Belgian tourist was in a critical condition in the Alfred Hospital last night
after falling 50 metres down a cliff in the Grampian Ranges, in western
Victoria. The man, 30, suffered serious fractures and internal injuries when he
fell while climbing at the Jaws of Death, near Reids Lookout, police said. Halls
Gap police and SES volunteers from Stawell and Horsham took 90 minutes to abseil
down to him.

Two charged over railway assault

Two teenagers have been charged in relation to an assault at a suburban railway
station where a man was bashed with an iron bar and stabbed on Wednesday. Police
said the two Thomastown boys aged 15 and 16 will appear in the Children's Court
on 3 December charged with intentionally causing serious injury. The two were
released on bail.

Lotteries

Powerball (draw 178): Division 1, $5,000,000; division 2, $18,230.05; division
3, $3341.55; division 4, $85.50; division 5, $45.65; division 6, $17.45 and
division 7, $9.60. Tatts Two (draw 5186): 48 and 52. Both correct $568. Keno
(draw 3947): 1, 3, 4, 11, 13, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 34, 37, 46, 47, 51, 56, 61,
63, 74 and 77. Estimated jackpot $1,801,000.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mr Joseph Clark

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1999 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                              May 15, 2015 Friday
                              CourierMail Edition

KAP LACKS POLICY POLISH

BYLINE: Graham Young

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 800  words


The ideas of Katter's Australian Party need to benefit all, not just a few,
writes Graham Young

KATTER'S Australian Party policies are a mishmash of ideas from the 1950s and
before, combined with a few potentially great ideas. They might excite cheers
from the front bar of the Post Office Hotel in Cloncurry but most need to be
discarded and some need more work.

And this matters because courtesy of the last election and the Billy Gordon
affair, the two KAP MPs may even hold the balance of power from time to time
with their fellow north Queenslander Gordon.

Despite three years in opposition, Labor never had a comprehensive set of
policies, because it didn't expect to win, and the LNP jettisoned their
centrepiece of asset recycling in the aftermath of the election.

Politics, like nature, abhors a vacuum and the meme that "something must be done
and this is something" is so powerful that one could easily see KAP policies
implemented for lack of any other.

Whatever the merits of the policies, they are mostly self-interested in that
they are matters which affect people in Rob Katter's Mount Isa electorate and
Shane Knuth's Dalrymple.

Rural areas have been on the forefront of social change for more than 100 years.
The price for farm produce has tended to fall in real terms, leading to
mechanisation and farm amalgamations and the depopulation of towns in the chase
for greater efficiencies.

Seasons can be fierce, so farmers tend to look for insurance from collectivism
and government subsidies and those who are left behind by modernisation are
sentimental about the past and want to resuscitate it. So you get a mix of
pro-development and interventionist sentiments, which is just what the KAP
policies advocate. There are 28 separate policies and looking at a few gives a
flavour of how they might affect government policies.

Probably the best and most innovative is to provide freehold title to Aborigines
in communities. The bedrock of any functioning modern society is capital
accumulation and individual initiative, both of which are facilitated by home
ownership. Collective land ownership has been holding Aboriginal welfare back.

But this faith in individual enterprise is lacking in most of the other
policies. KAP wants to bring back regulation of the milk and sugar industries.

Yet deregulation of milk, while it might have been painful for those in the
industry at the time, has set the milk industry up to be an export powerhouse.

Over the decade when deregulation occurred, milk production increased nationally
by 73 per cent when it had only increased by 15 per cent the decade before. Now
we are seeing large scale investment in dairying with, for example, Gina
Rinehart and her Chinese partners acquiring properties in Queensland for the
dairy export market. This makes business sense as the best dairy farms get
returns on assets of about 20 per cent (up there with owning a bank). But
Queensland still has a long way to go, with our costs of production the highest
in the country and almost double those in New Zealand, where dairy exports are a
major driver of the economy.

But KAP are presumably not too happy with Rinehart's investment as their
policies also state that "co-operatively owned initiatives in water and
agriculture (should be) favoured over corporate/foreign ownership".

In effect, they're saying: Please take that corporate, partly foreign-financed
$500 million you intend to invest in Queensland dairying away - we'd rather go
back to the old model where no one makes a decent living, or much milk. This
insistence on knowing what other people should do with their money better than
they know themselves runs through several KAP policies. Such as wanting to ban
100 per cent FIFO operations on mines - a policy aimed at propping up stagnating
rural communities rather than building wealth for all. They also want to prop up
failing rural businesses by extending concessional loans to them through a new
government bank. This has been tried before. In the 1990s, the QIDC was folded
into the Suncorp float with $3 billion worth of assets, many of which were
impaired. It was the cheapest face-saving way for the state to exit the debacle.

So far, the KAP has already had one success, with the state deciding to mandate
10 per cent ethanol in fuel.

Putting one person's meal into another person's fuel tank is not a sustainable
solution in a world expecting to welcome another 3 billion people by 2050. But
it does prop up the price of sugar and wheat.

KAP doesn't have party status (another sore point with the outfit), but it does
deserve much closer scrutiny.

Queensland needs development and new ideas, but they have to benefit all of us,
not just a few.Graham Young is the executive director of the centre right think
tank, the Australian Institute for Progress

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Kentucky Public Utility Commission has issued Order regarding
(2015-00299 Kentucky Frontier Gas, LLC - Transfer / Sale / Purchase / Merger )

LENGTH: 1692 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: Kentucky Public Utility Commission has issued the following
document:



 COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

 In the Matter of:

 JOINT APPLICATION OF KENTUCKY FRONTIER )

 GAS, LLC AND PUBLIC GAS COMPANY FOR )

 APPROVAL OF TRANSFER AND ACQUISITION )

 OF ASSETS AND FINANCING )



 ORDER

 CASE NO.

 2015-00299

 Kentucky Frontier Gas, LLC ("Frontier''} and Public Gas Company ("Public"),

 collectively ("Applicants"), have applied for Commission approval of (1)
Frontier's

 acquisition of Public's natural gas distribution assets, and (2) Frontier's
financing of the

 acquisition. Finding that Frontier meets the requirements of both its
acquisition request

 and its financing request, the Commission will approve these requests with this
Order.

 PROCEDURE

 On August 31 , 2015, Frontier tendered its application seeking authority to
acquire

 the assets of Public and to issue evidences of indebtedness to finance the
proposed

 acquisition. The application was found to be deficient. The deficiencies were
cured on

 September 4, 2015, and the application was deemed filed as of that date.

 There have been no intervenors in this case. Frontier has responded to two sets


 of information requests from Commission Staff ("Staff'). The record is now
complete

 and the case stands submitted for a decision.

 FINDINGS OF FACT

 The Commission, based on the evidence of record and being otherwise

 sufficiently advised, finds that:

 1. Frontier is a limited liability company organized under the laws of Colorado


 and authorized to conduct business in Kentucky. Frontier currently operates a
natural

 gas distribution system subject to Commission regulation. Frontier has owned
and

 operated local distribution companies in Kentucky since 2008. Frontier has

 consolidated 11 natural gas companies into Frontier. It has approximately 4,000


 distribution and farm tap customers in Floyd, Knott, Lawrence, Letcher,
Magoffin,

 Martin, Morgan, Perry, and Pike counties.

 2. Public is a Kentucky corporation and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gas

 Natural, Inc. operating a natural gas distribution company subject to
Commission

 regulation. Public has approximately 1,728 distribution and farm tap customers
in

 Breathitt, Jackson, Lawrence, Lee, Magoffin, Morgan, and Wolfe counties.

 3. Frontier acquired East Kentucky Utilities (Floyd County Gas), Mike Little

 Gas company, Belfry Gas, and Alert Gas Farm Tap System pursuant to the

 Commission's approval in Case No. 2008-00394.1

 4. Frontier acquired the stock of Auxier Road Gas Company pursuant to the

 Commission's approval in Case No. 2009-00442.2

 5. Frontier acquired the assets formerly owned by People's Gas Company,

 Inc. pursuant to the Commission's approval in Case No. 2009-00492.3

 1 Case No. 2008-00394, Application of Kentucky Frontier Gas, LLC for Approval
of Financing and

 Transfer of Control (Ky. PSC Nov. 25, 2008).

 2 Case No. 2009-00442, Application of Kentucky Frontier Gas Company, LLC for
Approval of

 Transfer of Auxier Road Corporation Stock (Ky. PSC Feb. 22, 201 0).

 3 Case No. 2009-00492, Application of Kentucky Frontier Gas Company, LLC for
Approval of

 Transfer of People's Gas Company Assets (Ky. PSC Jan. 29, 201 0).

 -2- Case No. 2015-00299

 6. Frontier acquired the stock of Cow Creek Gas, Inc. (formerly Sigma Gas

 Company) and Dema Gas Company, Inc. pursuant to the Commission's approval in

 Case No. 2010-00076.4

 7. Frontier acquired the assets formerly owned by B.T.U. Gas Company

 pursuant to the Commission's approval in Case No. 2012-00099.5

 8. Frontier has entered into a purchase contract with Public for the

 acquisition of all of its natural gas distribution assets. The purchase price
is $1,900,000.

 Frontier will hold substantially all of Public's natural gas distribution
assets after the

 acquisition. 6

 9. Frontier has applied for a commercial loan from Community Trust Bank of

 Pikeville, Kentucky ("CTB"), in an amount of $1 ,500,000, that will enable
Frontier to

 acquire Public's assets. Frontier stated that the proposed loan and terms are
not yet

 approved by CTB and the loan is not yet guaranteed by the Small Business

 Administration ("SBA"). CTB has stated that terms will likely entail a 5
percent Annual

 Percentage Rate for 15 years.7

 10. Frontier does not propose any immediate changes to the rates,

 regulations, or conditions of service to Public, and has submitted an Adoption
Notice for

 the Public tariff. Frontier anticipates that Public's current tariff and rates
will remain in

 4 Case No. 2010-00076, Application of Kentucky Frontier Gas Company, LLC for
Approval of

 Transfer of Stock of Cow Creek Gas, Inc., Dema Gas Company, Inc., Purchase of
Farm Tap and Royalty

 Gas Customers of Interstate Natural Gas Company and Transfer of a Portion of
DLR Enterprises, Inc.

 Pipeline to Cow Creek Gas, Inc. (Ky. PSC May 7, 201 0}.

 5 Case No. 2012-00099, Application of Kentucky Frontier Gas, LLC for Approval
of Transfer of

 Assets of the Former B. T. U. Gas Company and Approval of Financing of
Acquisition (Ky. PSC June 1,

 2012).

 6 Section 1.02 of the purchase contract addresses the excluded assets such as
any real estate

 owned by the Seller or any of the assets set forth in Section 1.02 of the
Disclosure Schedules.

 7 Response to Item 14.b. of the Initial Request for Information of Staff.

 -3- Case No. 2015-00299

 effect until consolidated with its existing tariff in a future rate proceeding.
It is Frontier's

 intention to continue to file a separate Gas Cost Adjustment filing to recover
Public's

 cost of gas until the tariffs are consolidated.

 11. KRS 278.020(5) provides that "[n]o person shall acquire or transfer

 ownership of, or control, or the right to control, any utility under
jurisdiction of the

 commission . . . without prior approval of the commission."

 12. Frontier is a "person" for purposes of KRS Chapter 278.8 Since Frontier is

 a person and proposes to acquire ownership of Public's assets, this statute is
applicable

 and Commission approval of the proposed transfer is required.

 13. KRS 278.020(6) provides that "[n]o individual, group, syndicate, general or


 limited partnership, association, corporation, joint stock company, trust, or
other entity

 (an 'acquirer'), whether or not organized under the laws of this state, shall
acquire

 control, either directly or indirectly, of any utility furnishing utility
service in this state,

 without having first obtained the approval of the commission."

 14. KRS 278.300(1) provides that "[n]o utility shall issue any securities or

 evidences of indebtedness, or assume any obligation or liability in respect to
the

 securities or evidences of indebtedness of any other person until it has been
authorized

 to do so by order of the Commission."

 15. Frontier's management has extensive experience in the operation and

 management of gas distribution systems. It has the financial, technical, and
managerial

 abilities to provide reasonable service to the customers on Public's system.

 16. The proposed acquisition is in accordance with the law, for a proper

 purpose and is consistent with the public interest.

 8 KRS 278.01 0(2).

 -4- Case No. 2015-00299

 17. Frontier's proposed financing from CTB is for lawful objects within the

 corporate purposes of Frontier, is necessary and appropriate for and consistent
with the

 proper performance by the utility of its service to the public and will not
impair its ability

 to perform that service, and is reasonably necessary and appropriate for such
purposes,

 and should therefore be approved.

 18. Frontier will be responsible for filing Public's 2015 annual report with
the

 Commission and for paying the 2015 Commission assessment of Public.

 IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED that:

 1. Frontier's acquisition of Public is approved.

 2. Within 20 days of the completion of the acquisition approved herein,

 Frontier shall notify the Commission in writing of the completion thereof.

 3. Frontier is authorized to enter into the commercial loan agreement with

 CTB as described in its application and to use the proceeds to finance the
acquisition of

 Public's assets.

 4. The proceeds from the transaction authorized herein shall be used only for

 the lawful purposes set out in the application.

 5. Frontier shall, within 30 days from the date of finalizing the loan

 agreement with CTB authorized herein, file with .the Commission a statement
setting

 forth the date of execution and the details concerning the financing, including
the date of

 maturity and the interest rate.

 6. Frontier shall prepare and file Public's 2015 Annual Report with the

 Commission and be responsible for paying the amount Public is assessed in 2015
for

 the operation of the Commission.

 -5- Case No. 2015-00299

 7. Within 20 days of the completion of the proposed transfer, Frontier shall

 file the journal entries it proposes to record the approved acquisition. The
acquisition

 shall be recorded in accordance with the Uniform System of Accounts.

 8. Nothing in th is Order shall be construed as authorizing ratemaking

 treatment of the difference between their net book value and the purchase price
of the

 assets Frontier is acquiring from Public. The issue of ratemaking treatment is
deferred

 until a future Frontier rate proceeding.

 9. Any document filed in the future pursuant to ordering paragraphs 2 and 5

 herein shall reference this case number and shall be retained in the utility's
general

 correspondence file.

 1 0. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a warranty or finding of value of


 securities or financing authorized herein on the part of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky

 or any agency thereof.

 By the Commission

 f-NTERED "

 NOV 2 4 2015

 KENTUCKY PUBLIC

 SERVICE COMMISSION

 Case No. 2015-00299

 *Denotes Served by Email Service List for Case 2015-00299

 *Honorable John N Hughes

 Attorney at Law

 124 West Todd Street

 Frankfort, KENTUCKY 40601

 *Kentucky Frontier Gas, LLC

 4891 Independence Street, Suite 200

 Wheat Ridge, CO 80033

 *William May

 Hurt, Deckard & May

 The Equus Building

 127 West Main Street

 Lexington, KENTUCKY 40507

 *Public Gas Company, Inc.

 8500 Station Street, Suite 100

 Mentor, OH 44060



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

Liverpool fans hope hedge fund wizard can work financial magic on Merseyside

SECTION: SPORT; Soccer; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1195 words


SOCCER: Proinsias O Mahonyon the unusual rise of John Henry from philosophical
farmer to financial high roller

A 30,000-square-foot home, a 164-foot yacht, a personal fortune Forbes magazine
estimates at $1.1 billion (EUR 792 million)   John Henry, Liverpool s
prospective new owner, sounds like your typical Wall Street tycoon. The reality
is a little different.

Henry studied philosophy, not finance, at college. While there, he co-published
a guide on how to beat the odds at blackjack. His card-counting skills were
spotted by casino staff in Las Vegas, who ejected him from the blackjack tables.
I can count multiple decks,  Henry says.  It s not hard.

Despite his obvious intelligence and sense of philosophical enquiry   Henry
attributes some of his later investment success to insights gained from Eastern
mystics   he eventually dropped out of college, his studies not helped by time
spent performing in rock bands.

At the age of 25, Henry took over the family farm, growing soybeans, corn,
cotton and rice. To protect against possible price declines, he taught himself
hedging techniques. Hedging soon led to more speculative activity. In 1976,
advised to hedge his soybean crop against a price decline, he instead bet that
the price would rise. That bet netted $75,000, a windfall he later admitted was
pure luck .

A family friend later recounted that while most farmers  want to talk about
their tractors , Henry s conversation always revolved around  the market and
prices .

Armed with a mere hand calculator and historical market data sourced from public
libraries, he began looking for a robust technical trading system.

The method, he decided, was trend following.

We do not try to predict trends , as one company marketing brochure reads,
instead we participate in trends we have identified.

Such an approach seemed to work in the deflationary 1930s as well as the
inflationary 1970s; in fact, it worked just as well in the 19th century, Henry
believed.

The family farm was sold. In 1981, with a stake of just $16,000, he began his
trading career. Success soon followed, and money swarmed to Henry s funds.

In 1987, a year remembered for Black Monday, when US indices suffered their
largest ever one-day decline (a fall of 22 per cent), Henry s main fund soared
by 252 per cent.

In the mid-1990s, Henry profited by betting against Japanese indices. On the
other side of this trade was Nick Leeson, whose desperate counter-trend trading
bankrupted Barings Bank.

Leeson didn t have the ability to take a loss , Henry later reflected. Too many
people  waited for the market to reflect their belief about the market , dooming
themselves in the process.

Eschewing all fundamental analysis and analyst opinion, Henry s trading is
utterly mathematical and dispassionate.

We buy high and sell low,  he says, acknowledging that over 60 per cent of his
bets turn out to be losers. Losses are promptly cut, however, while big returns
are secured through the occasional gigantic winner.

His investment career hasn t been plain sailing. Highly leveraged bets   as much
as six times the fund s assets can be placed on a single trade   means
volatility and large swings are inevitable.

His funds tanked during the range-bound markets that prevailed prior to the
global financial crisis.

Panicked investors withdrew their money and assets under management fell from
over $3 billion in 2005 to under $300 million by 2008.

Henry s strategies traditionally blossom in economic dislocations, however, and
the carnage of 2008 proved no different   his Global Analytics fund rose by 91
per cent that year, even as US indices lost over a third of their value.

Most of his funds have substantially outperformed over the last number of years
while his first fund, his Financial and Metals portfolio, has enjoyed a stunning
annualised return of over 21 per cent over the last three decades.

Henry s forays into the world of sport   he is involved in the Nascar motorsport
series as well as owning the Boston Red Sox   have been famously successful. His
use of sabermetrics   statistical analysis of baseball records that analyses why
teams win and lose   helped uncover undervalued players and catalysed the
revival of the Red Sox, who won the World Series title in 2004 for the first
time since 1918.

Liverpool fans, without a league title since 1990, will be hoping that Henry can
work similar magic on Merseyside.

Q&A: The lowdownWhy is there a crisis at Liverpool?  The board, led by
independent chairman Martin Broughton, have accepted an offer of around EUR 343
million for the club from New England Sports Ventures, owners of the Boston Red
Sox baseball team. Liverpool s owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett are fiercely
opposed to accepting the offer.    What has Hicks and Gillett s response been?
They have taken legal action to try to overturn the decision. They have also
attempted to sack two members of the board, managing director Christian Purslow
and commercial director Ian Ayre, and replace them with their own appointments.
Why are Hicks and Gillett so against the offer?  They believe the price of EUR
343 million grossly under-values the club   and because they would each take a
massive financial hit.    But EUR 343 million seems like a lot of money   isn t
that far more than they paid for the club in 2007?  Yes, they paid EUR 251
million, funded entirely by bank loans, but since then the debt has swelled due
to interest and other fees to EUR 320 million, and they have invested EUR 165
million into Kop Holdings via a company registered in the Cayman Islands, which
was then lent to Liverpool.    What would Hicks and Gillett be left with if the
EUR 343 million buy-out goes ahead?  About EUR 229 million would go towards
paying off the Royal Bank of Scotland and Wachovia debts. RBS would be likely to
leave about EUR 34 million of the debt as a credit facility for the new owners.
Only after all the other creditors are paid would any left-over cash go to the
pair towards the EUR 165 million loan they put in.   What about the penalty fees
Hicks and Gillett have built up with RBS?  They total around EUR 52 million but
they would no doubt be subject to legal challenges too.   So what size of loss
are Hicks and Gillett contemplating?  As much as EUR 114 million.   What is the
next step?  The lawyers have moved in with Hicks and Gillett trying to block the
board s right to agree a takeover. If they sack the board, RBS would claim that
would put the pair in breach of their refinancing agreement signed in April.
What if they succeed?  Even if they succeed then unless they have raised funds
to pay off their debts by October 15th then RBS will assume control of the club,
put Kop Holdings into administration and sell Liverpool themselves   mostly
likely to New England Sports Ventures.    What message does this send about the
ownership of clubs?  Taking on 100 per cent bank loans to finance a club
takeover is asking for trouble.   Will this have any effect on the Glazer family
s ownership of Manchester United?  United are far stronger commercially and have
the money-making machine of Old Trafford. But woe betide them should United
falter on-field.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                            April 21, 2007 Saturday

BYLINE: POLLITT

SECTION: FARM

LENGTH: 246 words


Farmers can achieve some control over their interest rates with the right
currency strategy, said Clydesdale Bank's Penny Lord.

By studying rate movements and the markets carefully, risks can be managed to
the businesses advantage, she said.

"Interest rates are currently at 5.25pc and are well below the 20-year averages,
said agribusiness partner, Ms Lord.

Farmers should consider opting to receive their Single Farm payments in euros,
rather than sterling. "By ticking the euro box each year creates a potentially
valuable euro income stream for businesses, unlocking the benefits of euro loans
and giving farmers control of their own euro-to-sterling transfer.

Some businesses gained more than 2p per euro in 2006 purely by taking up
ownership of currency transfer. This added value was achieved by the farmer
getting a euro exchange rate of 70p rather than the set national exchange value
of 67.77p.

"Euro-based producers either forward sold at what was an acceptable exchange
rate or monitored the market each day until an acceptable figure was available,
beating the single-day rate. It is a small amount of management time for a
considerable benefit," she said.

Farmers can also take advantage of the gap between eurozone interest rates and
UK borrowing costs. A £250,000 loan, starting in March 2006 and set to run for
the remaining lifetime of the Single Farm payments would require £13,000 less to
fund at eurozone rates than an equivalent package based on UK rates, she said.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2007 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 7, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

THE SOUTH'S VANISHING BLACK FARMERS;
Struggle is on to save dying way of life

BYLINE: Tracy Walmer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1065 words

DATELINE: MIDWAY, Ala.


At sunrise and sunset, Billy Joe Davis steers a tractor between rows of sweet
potatoes, peanuts and corn. For eight hours during the day, he runs an auto body
shop. In his ''spare time,'' he and his wife operate a small general store.

Survival demands 18-hour days for this 43-year-old who's quickly becoming a
relic of the rural South: He's young, black and still farming.

A USA TODAY analysis of the latest agriculture census shows that nearly
one-third of the nation's black farmers quit in 1982-87. In 1920, 14 percent of
farmers were black. Today, less than 1 percent.

The decline for blacks comes as other minority farmers - Hispanics, Asians,
American Indians - hold steady or increase, despite a 6.8% drop among all
farmers since 1982. But consider other measures of prosperity - farm size, sales
- and the picture remains bleak for most minorities.

Aaron Sellers, 76, a black Alabama peanut farmer, says, ''The system is still
somewhat geared up to run the little farmer out.''

''They all face discrimination,'' says Lorette Picciano-Hanson of Interfaith
Action for Economic Justice. ''They all get less than their fair share of
resources. They all need additional support.''

The non-profit coalition, along with other social, religious and farm groups,
supports a minority farmers' rights bill.

Rep. Mike Espy, a black Mississippi Democrat, introduces such a bill Tuesday as
a 1990 Farm Bill amendment. A similar Senate bill is pending.

''These small farmers constitute a dying way of life,'' he says. ''They have
been the target of - if not discrimination, benign neglect. We ought to be
concerned when part of our culture diminishes.''

To minorities and other struggling small farmers, the bill will:

- Target special loans and grants.

- Provide $ 10 million in technical assistance, education and outreach.

- Set up a minority land registry to track minority farms and require the
Agriculture Department to take ''reasonable'' measures to preserve them.

- Increase Farmers Home Administration's farm credit staff in states with high
minority populations.
By all statistical measures, the Southern black farmer is worst off. Little has
changed since the Civil Rights Commission declared in 1982: ''Unless this trend
is reversed, there will be no more black farmers in America by the year 2000.''

Agriculture Department population specialist Calvin Beale calls it ''one of the
most remarkable social and economic transformations in the history of our
country.'' He sees no hope of stemming the decline ''without a major increase in
the number of young blacks who enter the business - and who enter it soon.''

According to the agriculture census:

- 61% of black farmers are 55 or older, the highest percentage of any racial
group. Of 35,851 farmers under 25, 172 are black.

- More than half of black farmers sell less than $ 2,500 worth of farm goods
each year. Only 15% have sales over $ 10,000, compared with more than half
exceeding $ 10,000 among all farmers.

- The decline since 1982 in land farmed by blacks was more than 10 times the
decline for all farmers.

Even for young blacks who've inherited land, the future is uncertain. ''My
father, how was he able to buy this land? It was given to me and some years I
still can't break even,'' says James Perry, 43, friend and neighbor of Billy Joe
Davis.

Davis and Perry are among Bullock County's youngest black farmers, though
there's little suggesting a new generation will join them even in central
Alabama's ''black belt'' - a 10-county agricultural area named for its loamy,
fertile soil. Here, blacks outnumber whites in many counties and farming often
still is the major employer. But in all of Alabama, only nine blacks under age
25 operate farms.

Beale says blacks' flight from the farm was ''economic necessity.''
Contributing:

- Mechanization. Thousands of Southern blacks - many landless tenant farmers or
sharecroppers - left for the city in the 1950s and 1960s. The fewer than half
who owned their land were hard-pressed to find the cash or credit to modernize.

- Money. Discrimination by banks and government lenders has hurt blacks. ''We
have less access to guaranteed loans from commercial banks,'' says Espy.

- Property laws. Traditionally distrustful of white lawyers, black landowners
often died without wills, leaving land vulnerable to forced public sales.
Several relatives shared ownership of many farms, and if one wanted to sell a
share to speculators, the family member working the land stood to lose
everything.

Perry's father died in 1972 without a will, and Perry shares ownership with
siblings as far away as California. They agreed he can farm the 500 acres.

Since he's not sole owner, he can't raise cash for operating expenses by
borrowing against the land. Should he need to mortgage the land but can't,
''that's the day I'll have to quit.''

Davis can't borrow against his land because he's a tenant farmer, renting 56
acres. He hopes by working three jobs and making his farm operation more
efficient, he can save $ 16,000 to buy 40 acres. ''I think I'm going to make
it.''

But some experts worry black farmers are powerless against the forces of a
decades-old trend. ''This is a rural community, and America has turned its back
on the rural community,'' says Algie Key, small farm adviser at Tuskegee
Institute.

Says David H. Harris Jr. of North Carolina's Land Loss Prevention Project:
''It's catastrophic for the black community especially, but also for the nation.
You're talking about immediate unemployment and no prospects for getting another
job. You're talking about homelessness.''

Davis knows the hardships of growing up black and poor in the South - he was one
of 14 children. But he's adamant that farming is his future, perhaps even the
future for his two teen-age children.

''I believe they'll change their mind once they go off like I did,'' he says of
his 14 years working in a Detroit auto factory. ''I love farming. I never feel
like I'm a loser - no kind of way.''

Says Key: ''If you were to go into Washington, D.C., and go door to door and ask
the black folks if they want to go back home - whether it's Alabama, South
Carolina or whatever - I'd bet you 90% would say yes.''

TEXT OF GRAPHIC
Black farmers
'59      272,541
'87       22,954

Source: Department of Agriculture; Census Bureau

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  color, USA TODAY, Source: Department of Agriculture; Census Bureau
(Graph); PHOTO; color, Dave Stueber ( Farming, Aaron Sellars)

TYPE: Cover Story

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              864 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           February 12, 2013 Tuesday

Allied Farmers hit by demand to pay loan bill

BYLINE: Tim Hunter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 220 words


The future of rural services minnow Allied Farmers looks in the hands of the
Government after it was hit by a final demand to pay a loan bill.

In a stock exchange announcement Allied said it had been warned a lender would
today serve a statutory demand on it for $500,000 plus interest, payable within
15 working days.

Allied, poleaxed by its disastrous acquisition of assets from failed lender
Hanover Finance in late 2009, said it could not pay without the support of its
secured lender, "who at this stage has not indicated its position".

Allied's secured lender is government-owned company Crown Asset Management,
which is managing the residual assets of several failed finance companies
including those of Allied subsidiary Allied Nationwide Finance.

The $500,000 was due to have been paid from the proceeds of a $3.75m asset sale
in November, but the deal did not settle and Allied had been discussing an
extension.

Allied said it was "very surprised by the action of the lender given that ALF
has been working co-operatively with the lender on a sensible timeline for
repayment, and given that ALF has a first- ranking secured lender."

Allied chairman Gary Bluett declined to say who had made the demand. "I haven't
seen the final version of that [statement] so I'm not prepared to comment on
that at the moment." Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                        August 29, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL

Broken Tree's bad seed: Even if, by some miracle, there is an orderly program to
parcel out small holdings from the massive white farms, it is highly unlikely
the black farmers will be given ownership, or even a legal long-term lease to
the land. At least not while Mugabe and Zanu-PF are in power.

BYLINE: Jonathan Manthorpe

SECTION: Editorial; A9

LENGTH: 1832 words


Charles Mikani said he wanted to show me a miracle; an agricultural miracle. But
as we bumped long the gravel road in Zimbabwe's eastern highlands beyond the
little town of Bindura and turned into the overgrown driveway of Broken Tree
Farm there was little reason to hope for a revelation.  There was even less when
our car came upon the main farm compound.

The farmhouse itself looked derelict. There was no glass in the windows and the
doors hung slack on their hinges. It hadn't seen paint for over a decade.

What must have once been a lush lawn had been chewed down to the rich, red earth
of Africa by the scrawny chickens and goats that mooched around.

Behind the house tobacco drying barns were collapsing, their machinery rusted
beyond repair. A water tower stood gaunt and crumbling, its pump motor seized
solid.

Out of the house first one man and then three or four others came to meet us.

Mikani explained that the elderly white couple who had lived here had been
killed in an attack by guerrillas towards the end of the war in Zimbabwe in the
late 1970s.

These men, now coming to meet us, had taken over the farm at independence in
1980.

In fact, said Mikani, these were the guerrillas who had attacked the farm and
killed the elderly couple.

Yes, said the headman of the group, they had been here for 10 years. They ran
the place as a cooperative, he said, leading us into the old farm living room to
show the accounts, carefully tallied in school exercise books.

There were still bullet holes in the wall and brown stains on the plaster.

Without prompting the headman went into a diatribe against President Robert
Mugabe, his government and all its works.

When the men and their families had settled on the farm they had been promised a
tractor, grants to restore the buildings and finance for ''inputs'' -- seed and
fertilizer.

None of its had ever materialized, not for 10 years, he said.

The families had managed to subsist on what they grew in little plots around the
farm house, but most of the farm, about 1,000 acres, was just going back to the
bush.

The obvious question was why not go to the bank and get a loan for inputs,
that's what all the white farmers do?

The headman snorted. The banks wouldn't lend them money because they could offer
no guarantees from the government and they had no collateral to match a loan.

No collateral? What about the farm itself?

The headman spread his hands. The men -- the guerrillas -- he explained didn't
own the land. Who did, he had no idea. Maybe the government. Maybe the governing
party, Zanu-PF. Maybe Mugabe himself or one of his friends.

Of course they had complained about the broken promises, he said. Many times.
But never too loudly. He grinned. They didn't want to get moved off the farm.

The miracle of Broken Tree Farm was really Charles Mikani himself. Mikani was
Zimbabwean, but the representative of a Canadian development aid agency.

He had adopted the group, taught them how to run a cooperative fairly and, most
important, produced money.

The men led us out of the compound and along a farm track to a field that ran
down to a river. All the fields around were sprouting bush and undergrowth, but
this had been cleared and standing in fresh, green rows were neat lines of
mealies, the maize corn that is the staple food of much of eastern and southern
Africa.

They would sell the mealies in Bindura, where they were already selling eggs
from a small chicken operation they had built, also with Mikani's backing.

Next year, the headman said, they were planning to plant tobacco on other fields
they were clearing and to bring the drying barns back into use.

I never went back to Broken Tree Farm, but asked Mikani about it many times. The
group had problems during the years of drought in the early 1990s, but they kept
bringing land back into production year by year. The last I heard they were
doing fine.

In the end, though, they remained dependent on Mikani and his backing. Saving
enough, especially during the droughts to which Zimbabwe is prone, to finance
next year's seeds and fertilizer is almost impossible.

Without ownership of the land the Broken Tree Co-op would never be stable.

There are eerie similarities between the situation the Broken Tree families were
in 10 years ago and that facing Zimbabwe's 4,500 white farmers now.

A few days ago the country's banks announced they can no longer extend credit to
the white farmers because their land tenure is so uncertain.

Mugabe has already unilaterally changed the constitution to allow him to take
3,000 of the farms without compensation. ''But we are not stopping there,'' the
president added.

The white-owned farms comprise about 12 million hectares, 70 per cent of the
southern African country's best land.

But agriculture at this latitude and altitude is an uncertain business. It
requires massive capital and annual investments to make it work. When things go
well Zimbabwe's white-owned farms provide around 18 per cent of Zimbabwe's gross
domestic product and much of its hard currency receipts.

The white farmers currently owe the banks about $160 million US, a large amount
of money in a country of only 11 million people.

The sub-text of the message from the bankers is that Zimbabwe is heading for
food shortages and worsening economic chaos in the coming year, perhaps even
widespread famine. The world should start preparing now.

Mugabe is clearly intent on driving out the white farmers, whose fathers and
grandfathers, the president contends, took the land with both legal and moral
disdain from the black African owners.

His pledge to redistribute the white- owned land to black Zimbabweans who are
either landless or confined to arid townships the whites didn't want, has been
backed by a campaign of violent occupations.

In the last few months some 2,000 white-owned farms have been occupied by thugs
claiming to be veterans of the ''Chimurenga'' -- liberation war in the 1970s --
but who are mostly far too young.

All the evidence is they are young unemployed men in the pay of Mugabe's Zanu-PF
party organizers.

About 30 people have been killed during these invasions, some of them whites,
but mostly farm workers or activists for the opposition Movement for Democratic
Change which shocked Mugabe by winning nearly half the parliamentary seats in
June elections despite the government's best efforts to fix the poll.

There is a sound argument that Mugabe is now only concerned about personal
survival and that he is quite prepared to drive perhaps the most soundly
developed country in Africa back into medieval feudalism if it will save his
skin.

The plight of the white farmers and their families evokes little international
sympathy, and understandably so.

The world tends to equate them with the Rhodesians of Ian Smith's apartheid era
in the 1960s and '70s, though most of the die-hard ''Old Rhodies'' left the
country long ago. Most of the 100,000 whites who remain are loyal and dedicated
Zimbabweans.

Even so, paternalism, however well-meaning and generously expressed, is hard to
erase and difficult to stomach. The huge disparities of lifestyle and
opportunity between whites and blacks is disturbing to many outsiders.

There are many other victims of Mugabe's onslaught, all of them black.

Often forgotten is that the whites do not work their farms alone. There are
about 700,000 people directly employed on these farms. Each of them will have,
on average, three dependents making close to 30 per cent of Zimbabwe's
population dependent on incomes from white- owned farms.

The fate of these people seldom gets mentioned by the government, which tends to
regard them as race traitors.

There is no intention of parceling out occupied farms among the people now
working and living on them. In all instances of farm take-overs thus far the
work force and families have been simply dispossessed.

One reason for this scorn is that very many of these people do not come from any
of the main ethnic groups of Zimbabwe; the Shona, the Ndebele, the Tonga and the
Manica.

Many of the farm workers' ethnic roots are in neighbouring Malawi. Their
forefathers came to what was then Southern Rhodesia three or four generations
ago when locals refused to work on the commercial farms in protest at the white
land grab.

Look at the government-issued identity document of many of these farm workers
and, despite being Zimbabweans born and bred, their cards are marked with a
large F for foreigner.

It is often hard to discern Mugabe's vision of a future Zimbabwe, or if he has
one beyond his own personal survival and the mindless enrichment of himself and
his relatives.

The pillaging of the economy to the benefit of his family has certainly been
achieved with an efficiency Mugabe has shown in no other sphere of government.

Mugabe's entire style in politics and government is patronage. He has fashioned
himself in the classic ''Big Man'' style of African leadership which continues
to bedevil the continent.

Mugabe, in person or through Zanu-PF, is the dispenser of all bounty and all
rights, especially to land tenure.

In the last 20 years since Zimbabwe shook off the illegal Smith regime and
gained recognized independence the government has taken over hundreds of large
farms previously owned by whites.

These have either been requisitioned or simply acquired when the whites fled.
The white population of Zimbabwe 20 years ago was more than double what it is
now.

What has happened to all this land, most of it good farming country?

The short answer is little or nothing. Other than a few examples like Broken
Tree Farm, it has not been given to black would-be farmers.

Some farms been given to Mugabe's friends and relations, who run them like small
family principalities, indistinguishable in style and productivity from the
''krall'' compounds out in the arid black rural townships.

Other farms have been taken over by encroaching bush and returned to wilderness.

In almost all cases ownership of the land is with the government or Mugabe's
extended family. He remains, after all, a dedicated Marxist of the North Korean,
monarchist variety who regards himself as indistinguishable from the state.

There is no reason to believe, even with the most optimistic view of land
redistribution, that this will change.

Even if, by some miracle, there is an orderly program to parcel out small
holdings from the massive white farms it is highly unlikely the black farmers
will be given ownership, or even a legal long-term lease to the land. At least,
not while Mugabe and Zanu-PF are in power. Their whole grip on rural people
depends on the threat of eviction.

And without some kind of title deed smallholders will, like the Broken Tree
families, find it next to impossible to rise above subsistence agriculture.

Jonathan Manthorpe is The Vancouver Sun's foreign affairs columnist.


LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Joe Alexander, Reuters / LANDED MIGRANTS: Zimbaweans, ready to
build their homes on an occupied land, wave agriculture tools in Harare last
April. Self-stlyled war veterans have invaded more than 2,000 white-owned farms
in recent months.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 14, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

Rural Housing Aid Faces Big Cuts in New Budget

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A5

LENGTH: 495 words


Operating loans to hard-pressed farmers would increase, but more than $1 billion
would be cut from housing aid for low-income and elderly rural residents under
President Reagan's fiscal 1984 budget.

Administration budget documents made available to The Washington Post indicate
that total spending by the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), an arm of the
Department of Agriculture, would be cut by about $2.6 billion.

These cuts would be achieved in part by killing at least half-a-dozen FmHA rural
programs, including business and industrial loans, a variety of
water-development loans, low-income home repair and rental grants and fuel
alcohol plant loans.

But the largest reductions would occur in the housing area, which accounts for
$3.4 billion in FmHA activity this year. The proposed budget would slash the
housing account to $1.2 billion--with $850 million of that to be sent to the
states as block grants to operate their own programs.

Home ownership loans, which currently come to $2.3 billion, would fall to $280
million under the budget that Reagan is scheduled to send to Congress later this
month. That would provide for about 3,000 housing units, compared with the
90,000 under this year's budget.

In other major cuts, rural rental housing aid would drop from $940 million to
$16 million; rental assistance contracts, from $123.7 million to $62 million;
low-income repair loans, from $24 million to $1 million; repair grants, from
$12.5 million to zero; farm labor housing loans, from $19 million to $3 million.

The whopping cuts and the block-grant idea are certain to stir controversy on
Capitol Hill, where a similar block-grant plan offered in 1982 by then-Sen.
Harrison H. Schmitt (R-N.M.) drew strong bipartisan resistance and finally died.

Sens. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.), chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee that
oversees FmHA, and Alan Cranston (D-Calif.) lined up more than 40 co-sponsors of
an amendment to stop Schmitt. They contended the block grants, with their vastly
reduced funding, would wreck long-established and successful rural housing
programs.

An early reaction to the new proposals came from Robert A. Rapoza of the
National Rural Housing Coalition, who called them "a double-whammy for rural
America, where about 10 million people live in about 2 million substandard
units."

"Not only do we have the huge budget cuts; we now will force people to deal with
state governments, which don't have the same housing expertise as FmHA," Rapoza
added. "Obviously, it's hard to kill a bad idea. The block-grant idea is bad;
the budget cutting is bad. Yet this thing lives on."

According to the documents, the only FmHA increase in 1984 would occur in the
farm operating loans, which would climb from this year's $1.5 billion to $1.860
billion. The FmHA has been under intense congressional pressure to provide more
of these funds for farmers who cannot get year-to-year operating money from
commercial lenders.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              867 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

Farm Credit suffers big hit

BYLINE: Marc Heller, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


Aug. 10--WASHINGTON -- The Farm Credit System's effort to fill a hole left by
banks in farming communities has suffered a blow in Congress.

After breezing through the House Agriculture Committee, a proposal to expand the
Farm Credit System's lending authority was wiped out just as easily in the full
House, where lawmakers erased it from the five-year farm bill that sets
agriculture and rural development programs through 2012.

The Farm Credit System, a federally chartered network of lenders, is a major
source of loans to farms in New York, where traditional banks have been steering
away from agricultural lending. Farm Credit has sought congressional permission
to lend to businesses that have agricultural ties but are not completely
farmer-owned.

Critics say the expansion would allow Farm Credit to lend to condominium
developers or others whose connection to farming is either non-existent or
indirect. They have threatened to subject the Farm Credit System to the same
regulation as traditional banks, including putting it under the oversight of the
congressional financial services committees rather than the agriculture
committees.

The critics' argument won in the House in late July, when a quick voice vote
disposed of the provision. Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., chairman of the House
Financial Services Committee, offered the proposal to strike it.

"Last night, U.S. agriculture and rural America lost," said Ken Auer, president
of the Farm Credit Council, in a statement the day after the debate.

The chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Rep. Collin C. Peterson,
D-Minn., blamed himself for the loss, saying he had not consulted with Mr. Frank
in time to work out a solution.

"He and I just didn't get together," Mr. Peterson told reporters in a conference
call. "There just wasn't time to talk through it."

Mr. Peterson was not even in the chamber at the time, having left the
next-highest ranking Democrat on the committee, Rep. Tim Holden, D-Pa., to run
the debate. Any lawmaker could have objected to the voice vote and forced a roll
call.

"The bankers probably had the votes, so no one called a roll call," Mr. Peterson
said.

Mr. Auer said the proposal's demise -- at least until the farm bill debate moves
to the Senate in September -- means less money available for renewable energy or
for mortgages in rural communities, and fewer opportunities for low-income
borrowers to use loans guaranteed by the USDA.

"All of this was brought to you by the vitriolic and disingenuous opposition
promoted by an entirely self-interested banking lobby," Mr. Auer said.

Farm Credit officials say the expanded authority would allow them to lend money
to farm-related businesses, such as an ethanol plant, that are owned only partly
by farmers but benefit rural areas. They also aimed to lend in communities with
populations greater than 2,500, the current limit.

But traditional banks said Farm Credit would be competing against them for
business loans, and Mr. Frank said the proposal could put private lenders at
risk.

"We should be very careful about who gets into the banking industry and who does
not," Mr. Frank said during the debate.

Mr. Frank said he would be willing to hold hearings on the issue of agricultural
lending, however, and Mr. Peterson said such hearings would be conducted both in
Washington and across the country.

"We heard in the Northeast that the banks are not stepping up for agriculture,"
Mr. Peterson said.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2007, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070810-WE-FARM-20070810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2007 Watertown Daily Times


                              868 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

OPEN FOR COMMENT

                          September 14, 2000, Thursday



Subprime Residuals

Proposal by the banking and thrift agencies that would require banks to keep $1
of capital for every $1 of subprime residuals. The proposal also would limit the
concentration of residuals to 25% of Tier 1 capital. A residual, also known as a
"retained interest," is the interest a bank keeps when it securitizes and sells
pools of high-risk loans. Available at www.ots.treas.gov. To be published soon
in the Federal Register, with comments due 90 days later.


False Claims

Proposal by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. that would give the agency
authority to impose civil penalties against anyone who submits a fraudulent
claim in connection with employment matters, contracting activities, or buying
assets. Under the proposal, a bank that falsified any part of its application to
buy assets of another bank would be liable. Published Aug. 29. Comments due Oct.
30.


Insurance Consumer Protections

Proposal by the banking and thrift agencies to establish consumer protection
rules applying to insurance sales practices, solicitations, advertisements, or
offers for insurance by depository institutions or on behalf of them. The
proposal would enforce provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Published Aug.
21. Comments due Oct. 5.


Thrift Financial Report

Proposal by the Office of Thrift Supervision to modify the quarterly thrift
financial report, including new data on subprime lending. The changes would take
effect for the first quarter. Published Aug. 4. Comments due Oct. 3.


Home Loan Bank Capital

Proposal by the Federal Housing Finance Board to make the capital structure of
the 12 Home Loan banks more risk-based. The proposal would enforce provisions of
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Published July 13. Comments due Oct. 11, with a
final rule expected by Nov. 12.


Thrift Conversions

Proposal by the OTS to modify the way mutual thrifts and their holding companies
are examined and supervised by the agency. The rule also would establish
procedures for the conversion of a mutual thrift to a stockholder-owned thrift.
Published July 12. Comments due Oct. 10.


Stock Buybacks

Interim rule from the OTS amending regulations governing the repurchase of stock
by thrifts that have converted from mutual ownership. It eliminates most of the
restrictions on the amount of stock an institution may repurchase within three
years of its conversion. Published July 12. Comments due Oct. 10.


RECENT ACTIONS


Reserves for Loan Losses

The banking and thrift agencies issued guidelines Sept. 7 that banks may reserve
for loan losses by estimating future defaults. The proposal came as part of the
agencies' agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to clarify the
accounting rules for loan-loss reserves. Comments due Nov. 6.


Know Your Vendor

The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued an advisory letter Aug. 29
warning banks to take a careful look at their relationships with vendors. The
agency cited examples of third-party arrangements that have hurt banks'
reputations, including hiring marketers who sold credit cards to high-risk
borrowers and buying participations in syndicated loans without performing due
diligence.


Partial Ownerships

The Federal Reserve Board ruled Aug. 16 that banks under its supervision may buy
part ownership in a subsidiary. The ruling set two conditions on such purchases:
The bank must own a controlling interest in the acquired company, and it may
only engage in business that the bank itself can do.

ACTIONS EXPECTED SOON


Insurance Fund Reform

The FDIC is expected to offer proposals on deposit insurance reform early next
year. The agency has already released an "options paper" detailing possible
legislative changes relating to the nature and size of the insurance funds, the
pricing of premiums, and the amount of coverage. The FDIC is expected to hold
roundtable discussions in the fall to narrow options and help produce specific
proposals.

Options include moving to a "user fee" system under which all institutions would
pay a small, steady annual premium, changing the risk-based pricing plan to
include market information, and increasing the coverage limit to $200,000 per
account. Released Aug. 8. Available at www.fdic.gov. No comment deadline was
set.

Loan-Loss Reserves

The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants is expected by late this
year to present guidelines for bank accounting of loan-loss reserves to the
Financial Accounting Standards Board. An early draft of the proposal indicates
that the institute will recommend that banks not be allowed to hold any
unallocated reserve and that they disclose their methods of identifying troubled
loans. If approved by FASB, the proposal would be put out for public comment.


Lending Guidelines

A policy statement is expected late this year or early next from a task force of
11 federal agencies, including the Fed and the Justice Department, outlining how
regulators could use existing laws to crack down on predatory lending. An early
draft indicated that the task force is defining specific activities that are
illegal and is considering a wide range of sanctions, from denial of CRA credit
to criminal prosecution, to discourage them.


Market Discipline

A report is expected this fall from a private-sector working group on best
practices for the disclosure of information about risks being taken by banks and
securities firms. Former Chase Manhattan Corp. chairman Walter Shipley is
heading the group, which federal bank and securities regulators formed April 27.
Its recommendations may be incorporated into examiner guidelines.


COMMENTS CLOSED


Strategic Plan

Request for comment by the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight on its
strategic plan for the years 2000-2005, which is intended to "clarify OFHEO's
mission and guide its activities." Published Aug. 4. Comments were due Sept. 13.


Holding Company Powers

Proposal by the Fed to let financial holding companies act as "finders," or
intermediaries, that bring together buyers and sellers of financial or
nonfinancial products for transactions the buyers and sellers negotiate
themselves. Published Aug. 3. Comments were due Sept. 5.


National Charters

Proposal by the Farm Credit Administration to let the Farm Credit System's
roughly 200 lenders apply for national charters, making them eligible to lend in
any state. Farm Credit lenders are currently limited geographically. Published
July 20. Comments were due Aug. 31.


ATM Fee Disclosures

Proposal by the Fed to revise Regulation E to require ATM operators who impose a
fee for transactions to disclose that fact prominently on or near the machine.
The amount of any fee to be imposed must be disclosed to consumers before they
are committed to making a transaction. Finally, when a customer first obtains an
ATM card or other means of initiating electronic funds transfers, the operator
must disclose that using another operator's service may incur additional fees.
Published July 18. Comments were due Aug. 18.


Electronic Funds Transfers

Proposal by the Fed to revise staff commentary on Regulation E, which governs
electronic funds transfers. The proposal would offer guidelines for
automatically recurring debits to customer accounts, telephone-initiated funds
transfers, electronic check conversions, aggregation services, and other issues.
Published June 29. Comments were due Aug. 31.


Customer Information

Proposal by federal bank and thrift regulators to establish standards for the
protection of confidential customer information. Institutions would be required
to develop an information security program that includes risk assessment, steps
to mitigate risk, and a means of updating the program as necessary. Published
June 26. Comments were due Aug. 25.


Credit Cards

Proposal by the Fed to amend Regulation Z, which enforces the Truth-in-Lending
Act. The proposal would set strict rules for the disclosure of interest rates
and other information in credit card solicitations and applications. It would
mandate where the information must appear and the type size in which it must be
printed. Published May 24. Comments were due July 18.


Call Reports

Proposal by the three federal banking agencies to modify quarterly call reports,
including new data on subprime lending and asset securitization. The changes
would take effect in the first quarter. Comments were due July 31. Final
revisions are expected to be unveiled this fall.


CRA Sunshine

Proposal by federal regulators to require banks and community groups to disclose
the terms of some Community Reinvestment Act-related agreements. Banks would
have to file annual reports on these agreements, and community groups would have
to report annually on how they spent grants and loans from banks. Required by
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. Comments were due July 21.

Copyright c 2000 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON REGULATORY ROUNDUP ; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1501 words

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                              869 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 5, 2001 Saturday

Battle brews for Toronto sports teams

BYLINE: ERIC REGULY AND ANDREW WILLIS

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 772 words


The rough and tumble action around Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd.
isn't just playing out on the ice and hardwood this weekend.

Larry Tanenbaum and Steve Stavro are vying to gain the upper hand in the battle
for control of Canada's most valuable sports properties by purchasing the stake
that sources say has been put up for sale by Toronto-Dominion Bank.

TD Bank wants to sell its 20-per-cent interest in MLG Holdings Ltd., the private
company that controls 51 per cent of Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment (MLSE),
which owns hockey's Toronto Maple Leafs and basketball's Toronto Raptors. The
company also owns the Air Canada Centre, the teams' home arena.

The high-stakes financial game has heated up in the past few weeks, just as the
teams entered the playoffs, sources close to the two men say.

MLSE's value is estimated at $1-billion, which would put a $100-million price
tag on the bank's stake.

"There's a lot of bodies in motion, behind the scenes," said an investment
banker working with one of MLSE's shareholders. "The sale of TD's shares could
trigger a realignment among backers of the ownership group."

The action is being watched closely by Canada's biggest media companies, notably
Toronto-based Rogers Communications Inc. and Montreal-based BCE Inc.'s Bell
Globemedia, owner of CTV and The Globe and Mail, which covet the teams and want
to use them as content for their sports channels and Web sites.

Neither Rogers nor Bell Globemedia, however, will have the first opportunity to
bid for TD's 20-per-cent stake because it has to be offered to Mr. Tanenbaum, a
former construction magnate and aspiring sports mogul, and Mr. Stavro, founder
of the defunct Knob Hill Farms Ltd. grocery chain.

Mr. Tanenbaum owns 25 per cent of MLG Holdings; Mr. Stavro, the chairman of
MLSE, has 55 per cent of MLG; TD Bank has the rest.

Sources close to MLG Holdings say that TD Bank has "already put a price on the
table" and that Mr. Tanenbaum has not balked at the number. The complicated
shareholders' agreement says that Mr. Tanenbaum and Mr. Stavro can buy TD's MLG
Holdings shares in proportion to their current ownership levels.

The two men, though, may be pawns in a much bigger chess game aimed at winning
the Leafs and the Raptors, sources say.

Mr. Stavro signed a deal last year with Woodbridge Co., the Thomson family
holding company that owns 9.9 per cent of Bell Globemedia, to help resolve his
financial problems associated with Knob Hill Farms.

Sources believe that Woodbridge came to Mr. Stavro's rescue on the condition
that it get first crack at his MLG shares should they come up for sale. The
shares might then be sold to Bell Globemedia.

Mr. Tanenbaum, meanwhile, is thought to be informally allied with Rogers, which
owns the Toronto Blue Jays baseball team and would like to put all of the city's
professional sports franchises under one banner. Rogers wants to broadcast the
games on Sportsnet, the sports channel it is trying to buy from CTV.

TD would not confirm or deny that its MLG interest is for sale.

"If Tanenbaum and Stavro are at loggerheads over ownership, and I believe they
are, TD Bank is likely showing each its shares in hopes of cashing in," said an
investment banker who has worked with MLSE.

He added: "There's a lot of other places the bank could earn a better return on
$100-million."

Whatever the price of TD Bank's MLG Holdings, there is little doubt that Mr.
Tanenbaum has the financial might to buy them. He has been one of Canada's most
successful investors in the construction industry, merging his company last year
with a rival in a $425-million deal, and has holdings in cable TV businesses.

Mr. Tanenbaum also just raised $104-million for Kilmer Capital Partners Ltd., a
private equity fund. He has made it known to his friends in the sports world
that he would like to own all of MLG Holdings, which would give him direct
control of the entire sports empire.

In contrast, Mr. Stavro's ability to buy the MLG Holdings shares is in some
doubt, because he he still has debts left over from Knob Hill Farms closing.

Sources who have seen the shareholders' agreement say Mr. Stavro can't use his
MLG Holdings shares as collateral to borrow more money because that would mark a
change in ownership of the stake. Such a loan to Mr. Stavro would trigger Mr.
Tanenbaum's right to make an offer on his partner's MLG Holdings stock.

The Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board owns the other 49 per cent of MLSE.
Since its strategy is to maximize its investment, not run a sports franchise,
sources assume Teachers will sell its holdings to the highest bidder.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Bath Chronicle

                               November 11, 2005

Fund for small businesses

SECTION: News; Business; Others; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 579 words


West WILTShire: The district council has welcomed a new fund designed to help
independently owned businesses and community enterprises. The business grants
and loans fund, established by Community First, is specifically targeted at
businesses, including shops, within the county's rural areas.

The scheme operates as a combination of a grant and a loan, where the grant
element may be up to 40 per cent of the total awarded.

The loan element is repayable over a period of one to three years at a rate of
one per cent above bank rate.

The objective is to help small, rural businesses, particularly where there is a
benefit to the community in terms of employment, expansion or development of
local facilities, or new services are being provided.

Cllr Jeff Osborn, the council's planning and economic development portfolio
holder, said: "Many of west Wiltshire's villages are reliant on their businesses
and community enterprises, and this fund provides another source of support.

"Being able to access this combination of a grant and a loan could make a real
difference to many organisations.

"I would encourage anyone who thinks that they may qualify for this help to
contact Community First as soon as possible." For further information or to
request an application pack, contact Alison Crawford, of Community First, on
01380 722475.

Alternatively, email acrawford@ communityfirst.org.uk.

Farm walks SOUTH WEST: Farmers still unsure about how industry requirements
introduced this year could affect their business will have a chance to find out
at farm walks taking place around the region before Christmas.

A walk will be taking place at Stratton-on-the-Fosse, near Radstock, on
Wednesday, November 30.

Regional farm adviser Simon Draper, who works on behalf of the Defra-funded
cross compliance advice programme, said: "Put simply, farmers need to implement
the requirements to ensure they receive the maximum amount of money from the EU
next year, known as the single payment.

"Although a large number of farmers attended our walks in the spring, there is a
growing realisation by many more in the south west that they need to make sure
they are farming in line with the conditions.

"The walks are a terrific opportunity for these farmers to find out everything
they need to know about cross compliance." Farmers can book a place on the walks
by ringing the helpline on 0845 345 1302 or by visiting the website at
www.crosscompliance.org.uk.

Dream trips SOUTH WEST: Have you ever admired stories about people from your
community taking part in wonderful adventures and thought 'I wish that could be
me'? Now a local charity is saying it could, as long as you have a bit of grit,
determination and a sense of humour.

Marie Curie Cancer Care is looking for fundraisers to take part in one of the
many overseas trips, organised by the national group Charity Challenge, which it
sends people on each year.

They include riding elephants, kayaking and trekking in Thailand, journeying
through thundering waterfalls, steaming lava fields and glaciers in Iceland,
traversing the rocky plains of the Gobi desert and horse riding in Mongolia.

On top of these, the charity also organises its own overseas challenges to the
Inca Trail, the Great Wall of China, and much more.

For further information on any overseas trips, call Clair Cusack and Sophie
Kinsman on 0117 924 7275 or email clair.cusack@mariecurie.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                     © Copyright 2005 Bristol United Press


                              871 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            February 24, 2014 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Willing buyer, seller land deal proposed again

BYLINE:  Piet Rampedi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 469 words


THE DA will commit to the principle of willing buyer, willing seller on land
restitution should it win the elections, its manifesto says.

It will make sure the courts have a final say in determining prices when land is
expropriated.

It will invest R10 billion to land reform over five years but only once an
"overhauled policy" is in place.

"The DA will eliminate uncertainty about land reform and land ownership through
a clear commitment to the principle of willing buyer, willing seller, and by
making sure that the court remains the final arbiter in determining prices when
land is expropriated in the public interest," reads part of the manifesto.

"The uncertainty around the ownership of key assets in rural economies
discourages investment in agricultural activity.

"The government has admitted that this uncertainty around land reform has
reduced the number of commercial farmers and undermined food security, leading
to increased imports and higher food prices.

"This disadvantages the poor most."

According to the latest land audit released in September, private individuals
and foreigners own almost 80 percent of the land.

The State owns 14 percent.

The audit said 96 million hectares of land were in the hands of private
individuals, companies and trusts.

By comparison, the state owned 17 million hectares.

The DA's manifesto added that while sustainable and fair land reform was the
"right thing to do" in a country with a history of dispossession, land reform
should contribute to rural economies by giving locals greater access to
productive assets.

"We believe that land reform must achieve justice while retaining and increasing
land productivity."

The DA promised to use part of the R10bn to provide low-interest loans for
private land transactions and establish a dedicated fund for equity schemes.

In order to address land restitution, the party pledged to:

l Use available resources better by releasing state-owned land for reform
purposes, ensure the Department of Rural Development and Land Reform was
adequately staffed and corruption free.

l Release about 17 million hectares of state-owned communal land for reform
purposes and give citizens title deeds to the land on which they live or farm.

l Use collaborative reform models such as joint ventures, contract farming and
farm equity schemes.

l Train and support new land owners by increasing the percentage of projects
that become self-sustaining and providing reasonable incomes for those involved.

President Jacob Zuma and the ANC have blamed the willing buyer, willing seller
principle for the marginal transfer of land since 1994.

They said some farmers deliberately frustrated the land restitution process by
demanding exorbitant prices.

The ANC manifesto has since replaced the willing buyer, willing seller principle
with a "just and equitable" |one.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Cairns Edition

Katter says white paper won't curb foreign ownership

BYLINE: JIM CAMPBELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 255  words


THE Federal Government's new Agricultural Competitiveness White Paper has come
under stinging attack for a perceived lack of support for Far North farmers.

Outspoken Kennedy MP Bob Katter (left) says he speaks with "considerable
bitterness and hate" about the white paper's neglect of the region. Mr Katter
has raised concerns about the level of foreign investment he said was occurring
in Far North Queensland, where cashed-up overseas buyers were snatching up large
swaths of agricultural land.

He said it was alarming there was not a clear record of the amount of property
owned by other countries, saying the most recent survey was completed 12 years
ago.

"Twelve years ago they owned more than half of Australia's grazing and farm
land.

"Now, are we Australians or what are we?

"Do we just sit back and let our country be sold out?" Mr Katter pointed to the
story of NQ grazier Jim Whelan, who was forced sell his two large cattle
properties to repay bank debt.

"I say this with considerable bitterness and hate - six cattle stations have
been foreclosed on in the past few weeks," he said.

"There's nothing in this (white paper) that helps the Jim Whelans of this world.
"They don't need tax deductions for them to borrow more money to get in more
debt."From July 2016, farmers will be able to use Farm Management Deposits to
offset their business loans, reducing interest costs. A new concessional loans
scheme for drought-affected farmers will also run for the next 11 years with up
to $250 million made available for loans each year.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             June 22, 2010 Tuesday
                                  Mich Edition

Property land swap cleared

BYLINE: STAN MADDUX, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 442 words


BUCHANAN - The city of Buchanan and the city's Downtown Development Authority
will swap land in return for a $250,000 loan being forgiven.

The Buchanan Commissioners voted last week in favor of the DDA offer.

Under the deal, the 11 DDA-owned properties, including the building that houses
city hall, will be transferred to the ownership of the city.

The city will forgive a $250,000 loan to the DDA, which was due to start making
annual payments of $25,000 on the loan in 2011.

The DDA also will pay the cost of operating street lights within the DDA
boundaries and keep offering programs in the now former DDA parcels like
Buchanan Common and Pears Mill.

"We want to do this and get it done," DDA executive director Debra Patzer told
the commissioners prior to the vote.

For about a year, the DDA had pushed for the swap preferring to use all of its
financial resources on promoting and revitalizing the downtown.

Buchanan City Manager Meg Mullendore said the real mission of the DDA is to
improve and revitalize the downtown as opposed to being a landlord and
maintaining properties.

Commissioner Pat Moore said she felt the move carried no financial risk for the
city.

"The city will not be out. It's assets for assets," said Moore.

Patzer pointed out the value of all 11 properties is at least $285,000, with one
of the parcels recently occupied by local businessman Kevin Barker paying annual
rent of more than $11,000, money that will more than cover the yearly cost of
maintaining the properties, she said.

With permission from the county, the DDA was awarded the loan in 2007 from
$800,000 that accumulated from increased assessed valuations within the Andrews
Farm Tax Increment Financing District over a period of 20 years as the
industrial park developed.

The TIF was disbanded when the park reached full occupancy.

Except for the loan, officials said the remainder of the accumulated funds were
relinquished to the county to reimburse local taxing units for revenue that was
kept within the Andrews Farm TIF District to reinvest back into the industrial
park.

Commissioner Bill Norton, who voted against the swap, said he was concerned the
county might seek reimbursement for the loan if the borrowed funds were
forgiven.

Mullendore and Patzer said county officials have vowed to help draft all of the
paperwork to reflect the land swap and gave no indication of wanting any
reimbursement from the city.

In addition, Mullendore said much of the loan was used by the DDA to offer
downtown property owners financial incentives to refurbish their buildings, a
program that has attracted significant new investment in the central business
district.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            November 18, 2016 Friday

Financier sets out the case for new green energy bond

BYLINE: Scott Wright

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 756 words


A CORPORATE financier has drafted a paper outlining how Scottish communities
could directly benefit from renewable projects by investing in a green energy
bond.

It marks the first significant work to set out how such a bond, mooted by
Scottish ministers in their 2016-17 programme for government, would work in
practice.

Simon Robinson, a consultant with significant experience of helping firms raise
finance to build wind farms and offload renewable assets, explored the
practicalities behind the idea after holding talks with Scottish Renewables.

It comes with the Scottish Government committed to having one gigawatt (GW) of
renewable capacity under community and local ownership by 2020. The previous 500
megawatt target has already been exceeded.

Mr Robinson said a green energy bond has the potential to allow the public to
directly benefit from community ownership in renewable energy projects, boost
investment in renewable infrastructure, and help the country meet its renewable
energy targets.

"I think there is an enormous opportunity to use that manifesto commitment to do
something incredibly positive," Mr Robinson said.

"And also, it is fair to say, to really differentiate the direction of energy
policy and empowerment of local communities in Scotland, compared to what is
happening in the rest of the UK. I'd love to see that taken advantage of."

Mr Robinson, who runs the Edinburgh-based Snell Bridge consultancy, does not
envisage using the funding raised by the bonds to bankroll new projects.

He proposes the funding should be used to acquire assets in the form of
mezzanine debt held in existing schemes by the Renewable Energy Investment Fund
(REIF), run by the Scottish Investment Bank.

Those assets would then be transferred to a new fund, the Scottish Community
Energy Fund, which would be open to direct investment by the public.

Mr Robinson said this would allow people to invest in income generating assets
from "day one".

"We know there are some assets there, some loans that are generating income,
therefore there is potentially the opportunity to use those as a seed portfolio
to start off this fund," he said.

And while he admits more detailed analysis has still to be carried out, Mr
Robinson suggests investors could see returns of as much as six per cent
annually on their investments. He also flagged the possibility of including te
green energy bond within an "innovative finance ISA [individual savings
account]".

"There's definitely an opportunity to produce more [of a return] than a bank
base rate," he said. "In terms of the return they are making, I would have
thought they would be typical mezzanine debt type returns, so there will be a
slightly higher interest rate than the banks.

"I estimated in the paper that it might be possible to pay a four to six per
cent annual return after costs to the underlying investors. In this market that
could be interesting."

Scotland already has a raft of community-owned wind farms, including the
Neilston Community Wind Farm in East Renfrewshire, the Isle of Lewis Community
Energy Project, and the Spirit of Lanarkshire renewable energy
co-operative.There are also a range of hydro projects in community ownership.

Mr Robinson sees his paper as the opportunity to shape renewables policy as more
inclusive, innovative and empowering in Scotland than in the rest of the UK,
highlighting the difference in rhetoric between Holyrood and Westminster on the
topic.

The UK Government cut the subsidies for new onshore wind projects following a
pledge by the Conservative Party ahead of the last general election, and brought
the Renewables Obligation to a close a year earlier than planned.

Mr Robinson said: "It increases the salience of community energy amongst the
wider public, which I think it is incredibly important."

"I would like to start the debate. I'd like to sit down with some like-minded
people, and hopefully members of the civil service and talk about how we can
deliver something really exciting."

Jenny Hogan, director of policy at Scottish Renewables, said: "Scottish
Renewables called on the Scottish Government to consider opening up ownership of
renewable energy through the creation of a Scottish Renewable Energy Bond, so we
were pleased that it has since announced it will consult on plans to deliver
such a bond in 2017.

"Snell Bridge's paper is a valuable contribution to the debate, and should help
the Scottish Government and other interested parties to consider how best to
widen the benefits of renewable energy to more people across Scotland."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Palo Alto: Lot where ex-city manager's house burned sells for $2.7 million

BYLINE: By Jacqueline Lee, Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 337 words


PALO ALTO -- A lot where a fire damaged a house co-owned by Palo Alto and its
former city manager two years ago was sold in a $2.7 million cash deal.

Dreyfus Sotheby's International Realty received three offers for the
5,250-square-foot lot at 2257 Bryant St.

The escrow closed on March 18, about three months after the house was demolished
and the property listed.

This week the City Council approved a final insurance payment to former city
manager Frank Benest, settling all claims between the parties stemming from the
three-alarm blaze on May 3, 2014.

Benest's daughter was home with a friend the afternoon of the fire and found the
laundry room filled with smoke and flames. Fire investigators since determined
the blaze originated in the dryer, where there was lint buildup.

The city and Benest negotiated a $562,106 settlement from State Farm Insurance
Co., which includes some property clean-up costs of about $87,235.

The council decided Monday to place $2,050,912 -- from the property sale,
insurance settlement and existing loan payment from Benest -- into the city's
budget stabilization reserve funds.

Benest's share was about $1.2 million from the lot sale and about $205,144 from
the insurance company.

The State Farm payment was divided between the city and Benest based on
ownership rights: The city owned 56.8 percent of the property and Benest and
co-trustee Pamela S. Grady of the Benest & Grady Family Trust owned 43.2
percent.

City staff calculated a net return on the investment of $650,912.

The city and Benest purchased the property together in June 2001 for $1.58
million to serve as his primary residence after he moved from Southern
California for the city manager job, which has a residency requirement.

Benest served from 2000 to 2008.

The city provided a $900,000 equity share and a $500,000 loan to Benest with a
30-year term to purchase the property. Benest contributed $185,000 to the down
payment.

Benest paid off the existing city loan, which was $325,284.

Email Jacqueline Lee at twitter.com/jleenews.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 8, 1993, Monday, FIVE STAR   EDITION

ALVIN C. MERKLE, 71; OWNED TRUCKING FIRM

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 196 words


Alvin C. Merkle, the owner of a trucking company and collector of antique
tractors, died Thursday from lung and circulatory complications at McAllen
Medical Center in McAllen, Texas. He was 71.

Mr. Merkle farmed for 42 years on his family farm near Highland. He also was
president and owner of Horn Trucking Co., which has offices in Highland and
Granite City. The company also has dispatch offices throughout the country.

He was also a founder and longtime director of Highland Savings & Loan and
enjoyed attending steam threshing shows throughout the Midwest.

A funeral service will be at 11 a.m. Wednesday at the Evangelical United Church
of Christ in Highland. Visitation will be from 4 to 9 p.m. Tuesday at the
Spengel-Boulanger Funeral Home, 1501 Ninth Steet, Highland, and from 9 a.m.
until the service at the church. Burial will be in the Highland City Cemetery.

Among survivors are his wife, Delores J. Merkle of Highland; two sons, Daryl G.
Merkle and Laverne A. "Bernie" Merkle, both of Highland; a daughter, Kathryn M.
Conrad of Alhambra;  five grandchildren; and one stepgrandchild.

Memorials may be made to the American Lung Association.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              877 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    March 8, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ALVIN C. MERKLE, 71; OWNED TRUCKING FIRM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 196 words


Alvin C. Merkle, the owner of a trucking company and collector of antique
tractors, died Thursday from lung and circulatory complications at McAllen
Medical Center in McAllen, Texas. He was 71.

Mr. Merkle farmed for 42 years on his family farm near Highland. He also was
president and owner of Horn Trucking Co., which has offices in Highland and
Granite City. The company also has dispatch offices throughout the country.

He was also a founder and longtime director of Highland Savings & Loan and
enjoyed attending steam threshing shows throughout the Midwest.

A funeral service will be at 11 a.m. Wednesday at the Evangelical United Church
of Christ in Highland. Visitation will be from 4 to 9 p.m. Tuesday at the
Spengel-Boulanger Funeral Home, 1501 Ninth Steet, Highland, and from 9 a.m.
until the service at the church. Burial will be in the Highland City Cemetery.

Among survivors are his wife, Delores J. Merkle of Highland; two sons, Daryl G.
Merkle and Laverne A. "Bernie" Merkle, both of Highland; a daughter, Kathryn M.
Conrad of Alhambra; five grandchildren; and one stepgrandchild.

Memorials may be made to the American Lung Association.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: OBITUARY

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              878 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            April 29, 2009 Wednesday

Won't take stake, CAW says;
U.S. union could grab control of Chrysler, but Canadian workers won't have
equity, Lewenza says

BYLINE: Tony Van Alphen, Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 570 words


The United Auto Workers could soon hold a majority of teetering Chrysler LLC,
but their Canadian counterparts won't own any shares under the company's
survival plans.

Ken Lewenza, president of the Canadian Auto Workers, said yesterday his union is
not in the right circumstances, nor does it have the financial resources to take
an ownership position as the company races to qualify for a merger and more
public aid.

Under the terms of a tentative concessions deal, the UAW in the U.S. says it
will eventually own about 55 per cent of Chrysler and, in exchange, the company
would no longer be liable for significant obligations under a
multi-billion-dollar retiree health-care fund. The company's Canadian subsidiary
and the CAW do not have a similar plan.

Under the new ownership structure, Italian automaker and merger partner Fiat SpA
would hold another 35 per cent, while the U.S. government and lenders would own
the remainder.

That leaves the question how much of a stake, if any, the federal and Ontario
governments would take in exchange for almost $3 billion in loans.

In December, Ottawa and Ontario revealed they would receive warrants for
non-voting common shares equal to a 20 per cent share of the government loans
issued by both countries to the U.S. parents of Chrysler Canada and General
Motors of Canada Ltd.

Chrysler needs to submit a new restructuring plan to U.S. and Canadian
governments, including a deal with a merger partner and lenders, by midnight
tomorrow. GM faces a deadline to submit a plan for more aid at the end of May.

GM said its restructuring plan considers the U.S. government holding 50 per cent
under a debt-for-equity exchange, and the UAW 39 per cent. Bondholders would own
about 9 per cent, while existing shareholders would get less than 1 per cent.

But government leaders in Canada have been cagey about ownership stakes in the
two companies.

"It's certainly something that is an option in the United States," Ontario
Economic Development Minister Michael Bryant said yesterday. "Regardless, any
equity stake held by Canada or Ontario would be very, very, very small and the
main purpose of it would be to provide supervision, so that the taxpayer dollars
are spent wisely."

Lewenza said Ottawa and Ontario never talked about the issue of equity stakes
when they recentlypressed the union for more concessions at Chrysler.

"The idea of equity was never presented (by the company or governments)," he
said. "It was never an option for us."

Lewenza added that Chrysler Canada was never burdened with having to negotiate
down significant obligations regarding a retiree health-care fund, as was its
parent U.S. company. GM Canada is in a similar position with the CAW, he added.

Last weekend, Chrysler Canada workers ratified major concessions that will slash
so-called "all-in" hourly labour costs by $19 to $57, so the company can compete
with Honda and Toyota.

The CAW said the concessions will save Chrysler Canada about $240 million
annually.

Lewenza also revealed that Fiat chief executive Sergio Marchionne suggested to
him earlier this week that if Chrysler gained bankruptcy court protection in the
U.S., the Canadian subsidiary could avoid it here because of healthy operations.

Lewenza noted that if Chrysler slipped into court protection for further
restructuring in Canada, there is an understanding with the company that its
autoworkers would not have to face further concessions.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Tom LaSorda Ken Lewenza Sergio Marchionne Frank Gunn cp file photo
Chrysler Canada needs to submit a new restructuring plan to U.S. and Canadian
governments, including a deal with a merger partner and lenders, by midnight
tomorrow. GM faces its deadline at the end of May.Sergio MarchionneKen
LewenzaFrank Gunn cp file photo Chrysler Canada needs to submit a new
restructuring plan to U.S. and Canadian governments, including a deal with a
merger partner and lenders, by midnight tomorrow. GM faces its deadline at the
end of May.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              879 of 996 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 1994 Board of Regents, for Northern Illinois
                                   University
                    Northern Illinois University Law Review

                                  Summer, 1994

                           14 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 789

LENGTH: 4216 words

SYMPOSIUM: CHANGING STRUCTURES AND EXPECTATIONS IN AGRICULTURE: ARTICLE:
Agriculture, Rural Workers and Free Trade

NAME: Guadalupe T. Luna *

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, Northern Illinois University, 1994.© Many
points in this concept memorandum require development. All rights reserved;
please do not reproduce, quote, or cite without the author's permission. I thank
Professor Rodolphe J.A. de Seife for his comments and suggestions.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... As a change in structure for this country's agricultural sector, the
Agreement eliminates or lowers trade barriers by facilitating the export and
import of agricultural commodities.  ... The provisions, however, are deficient
within their construct in light of their silence on questions of beneficial
working conditions and access to economic incentives otherwise afforded to the
agricultural sector.  ... Rather than provide set labor standards, the Agreement
recommends "guiding principles," but the Act's unclear and imprecise wording
fails to delineate exactly what comprises "guiding principles." ... In the
instant case, with the exclusion of agricultural workers from NAFTA-driven
economic incentives, the drafters of NAFTA have effectively set the stage for
the agricultural laborer's indeterminate legal status into the realm of the new
global legal order.  ... Opportunities for economic advancement through the
ownership of small farms or ranches remain largely non-existent for this
region's agricultural workforce.  ... As applied to NAFTA, set-aside programs
designed specifically for rural residents would permit the establishment of
small or moderate-sized farm operations and would assist farmworkers within the
agricultural community.

TEXT:
 [*789]  I. INTRODUCTION

   The North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA" or "the Agreement") joins
the governments of the United States, Mexico and Canada in a new global order.
n1 As a change in structure for this country's agricultural sector, the
Agreement eliminates or lowers trade barriers by facilitating the export and
import of agricultural commodities. In recognizing open borders specific to the
free flow of goods and capital, NAFTA purportedly promotes an open marketplace
and increase in production efficiency through economies of scale. NAFTA adds to
an impressive array of legal programs benefitting the agricultural sector
directly. To name a few, offsets from income tax obligations, extensive
subsidies, and exemptions from labor and immigration laws have benefitted the
agricultural sector immeasurably. Moreover, an extensive system of
institutionalized infrastructures such as land grant institutions have expedited
the economic standing of the agricultural industry through the development of
innovative agricultural equipment and hardware. In consequence, however, these
programs raise critical questions as to how land and other assets should be
owned and distributed, and of critical import, who should be permitted to farm
in this country.

   Another aspect of this dilemma is the role of labor in the global market
place. Notwithstanding the ongoing mechanization of agricultural commodities,
much of the harvesting of fruits, nuts, and vegetables continues to require
manual labor.  n2 Comprised in large measure of Mexican-American  [*790]  and
Mexican nationals, agricultural farmworkers have historically contributed to the
agricultural sector's economic standing in the harvesting and processing of this
country's food supply.  n3 Equal access to federally derived agricultural
economic benefits,  n4 however, has escaped this class of workers.

   The contributions farm workers make in the planting, cultivating, and
harvesting of this country's commodities are achieved under difficult and
unequal circumstances. Yet these circumstances remain largely ignored from
economic programs afforded others within the agricultural sector.  n5 For
example, low wages are not uncommon.  n6 In addition, other factors such as
occupational hazards,  n7 health and safety dangers,  n8 and numerous physical
and emotional difficulties are common occurrences. Children, moreover, accompany
their families in the fields not as rough accommodations, but to supplement
family income. For their efforts, children are exposed to pesticides and other
occupational hazards.  n9 Additionally, because much of this workforce is
underemployed, exclusion from most worker's compensation and unemployment
insurance plans signify traditional  [*791]  norms in their legal treatment.

   In contrast to the legislation which addresses other issues in the
agricultural sector, the few legislative measures directed toward the
agricultural workforce fail to provide sufficient structural and economic
reform. Typical legislative statutes are limited to instances of recovering lost
wages, protecting from abusive labor contractors, or seeking basic housing.
Contemporary jurisprudence, nonetheless, has succeeded in creating distinctions
and exceptions to statutes so as to deny farmworkers even these limited
remedies.  n10 This is not a new phenomenon. Critics have long charged that
state and federal agencies generally fail to adequately enforce laws which
protect the health and working conditions of farmworkers.  n11 In sum, while
remedial statutory legislation affords some measure of relief, farmworkers are
widely excluded from the economic democracy principles granted to the remainder
of the agricultural sector. This exclusion from basic democratic principles
constitutes a de facto subsidy providing a means of privileging the agricultural
sector.

   The drafters of NAFTA, responding to criticism and fearing its potential
defeat, ultimately compromised in permitting side accord agreements specific to
labor issues.  n12 Referencing migrant workers within its general framework, the
Supplemental North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation permits any of the
three countries covered under the agreement to file complaints based on health
and safety,  n13 child labor, and minimum wage concerns.  n14 The provisions
thus convey images, impressions and perceptions that rural workers are now
accommodated--their well-being ensured. The provisions, however, are deficient
within their construct in light of their silence on questions of beneficial
working conditions and access to economic incentives otherwise afforded to the
agricultural sector.

   Specifically, various violations are not covered under the side agreements.
For example, violations of workers' rights whether domestic, international or
unintentional are not subject to direct punitive actions. This  [*792]  is not
an uncommon theme, but rather a common element of the Agreement and as
recognized in the Agreement's reference to domestic law, perhaps its most
troubling provision.  n15 The side agreement purports "to promote, to the
maximum extent possible," certain "labor principles."  n16 Its provisions,
however, only apply with the imposed qualification that they "not establish
common minimum standards for [the] domestic law" of the countries involved.  n17
Meaningful standards and functional definitions are common themes lacking
throughout the provision, and where provided, contradict the stated purpose of
the Agreement's goals. Rather than provide set labor standards, the Agreement
recommends "guiding principles," but the Act's unclear and imprecise wording
fails to delineate exactly what comprises "guiding principles."  n18 As a
result, the side agreements reference to domestic standards together with
carefully placed restraints assure harmful conditions continue to exist for the
agricultural workforce.

   NAFTA's adjudicatory procedures reinforce these deficient standards. Under
the Agreement, commissions are established to review complaints.  n19 This
process grants a complainant access to "impartial and independent tribunals."
n20 Proponents of informal dispute mechanisms appear to support this declaration
because they assert that alternatives to traditional and formal methods of
resolving disputes are beneficial to the disadvantaged.  n21 The evidence,
however, proves contrary. The use of informal adjudicatory procedures has not
resulted in fair and objective hearings for minority status disputants. Critics
of non-traditional alternatives maintain that the move to "deformalization" may
actually increase the risk of class-based prejudice.  n22 Consequently,
long-established decisional law and distinctions in statutory construction and
application  n23 place agricultural workers (whether intentionally or
unintentionally) outside the realm of traditional legal jurisprudence. Thus, the
Agreement's drafters facilitate the neglect of this workforce and accomodate
longstanding federal trends.  n24

   Recently, legal commentators examining issues implicating race and class have
demonstrated the role of law in perpetuating harm to certain  [*793]  groups
comprised largely of people of color.  n25 They assert that the exclusion of
race and class considerations from contemporary jurisprudence perpetuates
distortions and fails to permit objective legal choices.  n26 In the instant
case, with the exclusion of agricultural workers from NAFTA-driven economic
incentives, the drafters of NAFTA have effectively set the stage for the
agricultural laborer's indeterminate legal status into the realm of the new
global legal order. The indeterminate status of agricultural workers stands in
stark contrast to the agricultural industry's privileged legal status.

   Despite these inherent structural weaknesses, integration goals of NAFTA
should continue. The intent here is not to further fuel the debate either for or
against NAFTA. The immediate goal is to afford the agricultural worker equal
treatment and equal access to social mobility and economic incentives under the
Agreement. To accomplish this, a more productive debate concerning the
relationships between agricultural workers, their employers and agricultural
resources is required. Answers to this complex dilemma, as set forth below, may
be found within the framework of NAFTA itself.

   II. PROPOSED REMEDIES

   A growing body of evidence indicates that NAFTA's implementation regulations
will further the demise of small and moderate-sized farm operations.  n27 Those
situated outside the protective sphere of the Agreement--specifically, owners of
small and moderate-sized holdings--will face  [*794]  increased financial
challenges from larger agricultural holdings in the form of aggressive
competition as these holdings pursue economies of scale. This industrialization
accelerates  n28 increased reliance on commodity imports into this country.
Moreover, it shifts agricultural production into the hands of large corporations
n29 and outside foreign interests and ultimately imposes further difficulties
for those hoping to remain in farming as well as those seeking entry into the
farm sector.

   Concern for the country's eroding cropland base and changing agricultural
structures has generated extensive farmland preservation discourse,  n30
advanced congressional promulgation of the Farmland Protection Policy Act of
1981  n31 and promoted innovative remedial measures.  n32 Commonly omitted from
legal commentary and debate, however, is the extensive region adjoining the
international border between the United States and Mexico. The area affords a
unique opportunity to advance farmland  [*795]  preservation as well as assist
this country's agricultural workforce. Changes in these areas are necessary
because competing urbanization pressures are causing the conversion of former
cropland into rural slums, a key homebase of much of this country's agricultural
workforce.

   Encompassing over two thousand square miles, the Border exemplifies the
legacy of conquest and colonialization of residents.  n33 Long before this
country existed in its present form, Mexicans lived in rural communities
adjoining the U.S.-Mexico border.  n34 In contrast to other regions, it is an
economically segregated zone, assured in large measure by existing farm labor
laws controlling its rural residents. Opportunities for economic advancement
through the ownership of small farms or ranches remain largely non-existent for
this region's agricultural workforce.  n35 Instead, in major border areas
competing urban pressures are forcing area residents into converted
agricultural, ranch and fragile desert floor areas, thereby ensuring depletion
of the region's agricultural base.  n36 This is of tremendous consequence to
potential entrants into the farming sector.  n37 As urbanization continues,
irregular subdivisions known as "colonias" are replacing large areas of
previously irrigated land. Colonias are characterized as squatter-like
unincorporated settlements legally and physically segregated from nearby  [*796]
cities.  n38 Absent from these rural slums is urban infrastructure. Residents,
many of whom are farmworkers, are living in these rural slums without
electricity, plumbing, water and sewage, often occupying houses constructed from
discarded lumber remnants, cereal boxes, plywood and other inferior materials.
n39 The living and health conditions of these rural residents demonstrate
protracted outrages to humanity.  n40 In the instant case, NAFTA-driven economic
goals will further promote impermanence syndrome  n41 on existing cropland and
intensify land dislocation pressures.  n42

   III. FARMWORKERS AND FARMLAND PRESERVATION

   The agricultural workforce in this country has long experienced unequal
treatment. Options providing for their improved economic conditions may fall
within NAFTA's reservation for future activity, as enumerated within Annex II.
As a future action, the Annex reserves to the United States the right to "adopt
or maintain any measure according rights or preferences to  [*797]  socially or
economically disadvantaged minorities ...."  n43 Limiting this reservation to
future action, however, imposes harmful delays on the acute circumstances
presently faced by the agricultural workforce. Notwithstanding its participatory
and democratic ideals, affirmative action critics directly question its value.
This is reflected in current law by the difficult intent requirements needed for
a plaintiff to sustain its burden of proof in a discrimination cause of action.

   In 1990, however, the United States Supreme Court upheld a minority set-aside
program, awarding minorities enhanced opportunities for ownership through
proceedings for new licenses.  n44 The set-aside program also encourages the
transfer of some stations to minority-controlled firms. As applied to NAFTA,
set-aside programs designed specifically for rural residents would permit the
establishment of small or moderate-sized farm operations and would assist
farmworkers within the agricultural community. A showing of economic
disadvantage would permit qualification for ownership status. Such incentives
would permit farmworkers to enter the agricultural sector, ultimately protecting
existing cropland and improving the farmworker's economic standing.

   Farmland preservation is critical to this country not only to ensure domestic
production of food but also to facilitate the export of agricultural
commodities. Preservation programs protect smaller and moderate-sized
agricultural businesses from disenfranchisement pressures. As an attendant
consequence, set-aside programs that induce new entrants into the agricultural
sector discourage "oligopsonistic ownership."  n45 In sum, the significant and
notable absence of people of color in the class of agricultural owners presents
distressing problems. Affording agricultural ownership for agricultural workers
would facilitate their equal treatment.

   IV. CONCLUSION

   If a primary NAFTA goal is to benefit this country's agricultural sector, the
Agreement cannot ignore the role of rural workers. Agricultural workers have
contributed significantly to the economic success of the agricultural sector.
n46 Its planting, cultivating, and harvesting of non-perishable commodities has
in large measure advanced this country's "cheap food  [*798]  policy."
Agricultural workers have, nonetheless, remained excluded from economic
incentives encouraging farm ownership. In contrast, economic subsidies and
agricultural exemptions from various legal measures have afforded the
agricultural sector tremendous economic advantages permitting greater
industrialization and consolidation of smaller operations.  n47 The elimination
of trade barriers permitting the free flow and export of agricultural
commodities provides yet another means of continuing this beneficial treatment.

   NAFTA thus facilitates a basic rule of the ongoing unequal treatment of this
country's agricultural workforce. Rather than permit substantive structural
changes, providing for the equal treatment of agricultural workers, the
Agreement maintains and facilitates their unequal treatment and effectively
ensures their economic segregation. Absent reform measures by way of the
Agreement's reservation clause, the agricultural sector, consistent with federal
policy, reaps yet another public benefit further advancing its nobility-driven
status.  n48



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionInternational
Trade LawTrade AgreementsLabor ProvisionsTransportation LawCarrier Duties &
LiabilitiesGATT & NAFTA

FOOTNOTES:




n1  North American Free Trade Agreement, Pub. L. No. 103-182, 107 Stat. 2057
(1993) (codified at 19 U.S.C. § 3301 (1994)) [hereinafter NAFTA]. The focus in
this memorandum is on United States-Mexico relations; Canada, also a signatory
to the Agreement, is omitted from this discussion.




n2  See generally ANNE CHADWICK, REPORT TO THE COMMISSION ON AGRICULTURAL
WORKERS, THE CHADWICK COMPANY (1991); Dennis N. Valdes, Machine Politics in
California Agriculture, 1945-1990s, 53 PAC. HIST. REV. 203 (1994).




n3  See generally DENNIS N. VALDES, AL NORTE, AGRICULTURAL WORKERS IN THE GREAT
LAKES REGION, 1917-1970 (1991).




n4  For example, income support measures, deficiency payments, and extensive
loans, inter alia, have benefitted many in the agricultural sector immeasurably.
In some instances where loans are provided repayments are deemed not
collectable. Over the last five years the federal agency and lendor FmHA has
written off as uncollectible $ 11.5 billion in loans while also carrying at the
present time a minimum of $ 5 billion in bad loans. See generally Sharon
LaFraniere, Though They Owe, Still They Reap, WASH. POST WKLY., Feb. 28 - Mar.
6, 1994 (FmHA seen as a welfare agency for wealthy debtor-farmers).




n5  Id.




n6  See, e.g., Aviles v. Kunkel, 765 F. Supp. 358 (S.D.Tex. 1991), vacated, 978
F.2d 201 (5th Cir. 1991). Wage and hour salary levels are difficult to discern
due to inadequate reporting and haphazard application of wage and hour laws. The
use of slavery, moreover, is not limited to isolated instances. Author's
interviews with farm labor attorneys and clients.




n7  G. Rust, Health Status of Migrant Farmworkers: A Literature Review and
Commentary, 80 AM. J. PUB. HEALTH 1213 (1990) (recognizing injuries as a leading
cause of morbidity and mortality).




n8  EPA estimates agricultural employees annually suffer 20,000-30,000 acute
illness and injuries from exposure to pesticides. Special Report: A Farmworker
Perspective on Pesticides, Farmworker Justice Fund, FARMWORKER JUST. NEWS,
(Summer 1990).




n9  See, e.g., U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE GAO/T-HRD-91-40; FARMWORKERS FACE
GAPS IN PROTECTION AND BARRIERS TO BENEFITS: HEARINGS BEFORE THE SELECT COMM. ON
AGING OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES (1991) (statement of Joseph F. Delfico)
(discussing child labor study which revealed that in 1990 in New York over 40%
of the children studied were working in fields "still wet from pesticide
exposure and over 40% had been sprayed while in the fields").




n10  See, e.g., Gonzalez v. Puente, 705 F. Supp. 331 (W.D. Tex. 1988) (shielding
buyer by not being defined as an "employer" of workers within meaning of Fair
Labor Standards Act and within meaning of MSAWPA).




n11  See, e.g., Jason DeParle, New Rows to Hoe in the 'Harvest of Shame', N.Y.
TIMES, Jul. 28, 1991, § 4 at 3; Job Safety, Migrant Workers Lack Protection of
Federal Safety Programs, BUREAU OF NAT'L AFF., DAILY REP. FOR EXECUTIVES Feb.
26, 1992, at A5.




n12  NAFTA, supra note 1, at 775. NAFTA culminated during the 1992 U.S.
Presidential campaign. The side agreements were initially made to address
concerns relative to wage differentials and alleged environmental hazards in
Mexico. Training funds authorized under the Agreement also fall to the criticism
enumerated above.




n13  Id. art. 4 (Private Action).




n14  Id. art. 49.




n15  Id. art. 2.




n16  Id. art. 1(b).




n17  Id. Annex 1.




n18  Id.




n19  Id. art. 5.




n20  Id. art. 5.




n21  See generally Richard Delgado et al., Fairness and Formality: Minimizing
the Risk of Prejudice in Alternative Dispute Resolution, 1985 WISC. L. REV. 1359
(1985).




n22  Id.




n23  See, e.g., Farmer v. Employment Sec. Comm'n, 4 F.3d 1274 (4th Cir. 1993).




n24  See supra text accompanying note 11.




n25  See Mari J. Matsuda, Looking to the Bottom: Critical Legal Studies and
Reparations, 22 HARV. C.R.-C.L. L. REV. 323, 328 (1987) (arguing the importance
of understanding how legal indeterminacy works in specific contexts); see also
Richard Delgado, Storytelling for Oppositionists and Others: A Plea for
Narrative, 87 MICH. L. REV. 2411, 2414 (1989) (recommending counterstories
"shatter complacency and challenge the status quo"); Cf., Daniel A. Farber &
Suzanna Sherry, Telling Stories Out of School: An Essay on Legal Narratives, 45
STAN. L. REV. 807 (1993) (containing a critical analysis specific to the use of
counter stories); but see Richard Delgado, On Telling Stories in School: A Reply
to Farber and Sherry, 46 Vand. L. Rev. 665 (1993).




n26  See generally Richard Delgado, The Imperial Scholar: Reflections on a
Review of Civil Rights Literature, 132 U. PA. L. REV. 561 (1984). For an
interpretation of legal indeterminacy analysis see DAVID KAIRYS, THE POLITICS OF
LAW: A PROGRESSIVE CRITIQUE 140, 160-61 (1992).




n27  See, e.g., Keith Rosenblum, Mexican Farm Co-Op Adds Crop: Land Development
Joint Venture Plans Industrial Park, City Near Yuma, ARIZ. REPUB., Feb. 1, 1993,
at A1; Suzanne Steel, Goods Produced, Grown in Ohio Could Find New Markets in
Mexico, COL. DISPATCH, Aug. 29, 1993, at 2G. Functional definitions of what
constitutes farming is subject to extensive debate.




n28  Agricultural industrialization involves the concentration, increased
technical advancement and ongoing integration with input and marketing sectors
of larger sized agricultural interests. Neil D. Hamilton, Who Owns Dinner:
Evolving Legal Mechanisms for Ownership of Plant Genetic Resources, 28 TULSA
L.J. 587, 643 (1993). Another author describes an industrial agribusiness system
as one producing an "industrially organized farm, that [is] financed for growth,
large scale, concentrated, specialized, management centered, capital-intensive,
at an advantage in controlled markets, standardized in [its] production
processes, resource consumptive, and farmed as a business." MARTY STRANGE,
FAMILY FARMING: A NEW ECONOMIC VISION 32-39 (1988).




n29  This is not a new trend. See JOSEPH N. BELDEN, DIRT RICH, DIRT POOR,
AMERICA'S FOOD AND FARM CRISIS (1986); JIM HIGHTOWER, EAT YOUR HEART OUT (1976)
(criticizing consolidation of smaller or moderate-sized farm holding into larger
units and accompanying myth that "bigger is better").




n30  See, e.g., WILLIAM M. TABB & LINDA A. MALONE, ENVIRONMENTAL LAW, CASES AND
MATERIALS 825-53 (1992). These fears took structural form when the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the Council on Environmental Quality made its
immediate task the identification and enumeration of the factors which are
rapidly eroding our domestic agricultural base. See generally U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC.; NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL LANDS STUDY, FINAL REPORT (1981). Critics charged
the NALS findings as misleading, pointing to inadequacies in the data studied
and methodology applied and others assailed the findings as "romantic and
misguided" public perceptions of losing the "family farm" to "factories in the
fields."




n31  See 7 U.S.C. § 4201-09. (1992). The Act, however, failed to fulfill its
public mandate. Corwin W. Johnson & Valerine M. Fogleman, The Farmland
Protection Policy Act: Stillbirth of a Policy?, 1986 U. ILL. L. REV. 563 (1986).
Other legislation seeks the same policies and goals. See generally The Farms for
the Future Act of 1990, 7 U.S.C.A. § 4201 (1994).




n32  For example, property tax relief, zoning mechanisms, land trusts,
anti-corporate farming statutes, impact fees conservation easements, development
rights programs, agricultural districting, differential assessments, and
right-to-farm laws seek to effectuate farmland preservation.




n33  See generally RODOLFO ACUNA, OCCUPIED AMERICA (3d ed. 1988).




n34  See generally ADALAIDA R. DEL CASTILLO, BETWEEN BORDERS: ESSAYS ON
MEXICANA/CHICANA HISTORY (1990).




n35  See generally FARMERS HOMES ADMINISTRATION, DISTRIBUTION OF LOANS MADE BY
SIX SPECIFIED TYPES BY RACE OR ETHNIC GROUP, FISCAL YEAR 1993 (1993) (on file
with author). Notwithstanding such efforts, rigid qualifications and subjective
review of applications disallow assistance for many minorities seeking land
ownership and fail to induce Latinos into the farming sector.




n36  A key homebase of agricultural workers is the El Paso County, Texas -
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico border region. See generally Guadalupe T. Luna, Mexicans,
Agriculture at the Border and Free Trade (1994) (unpublished manuscript, on file
with the author); see also Jane Larson, Free Markets Deep In The Heart of Texas
(unpublished manuscript, on file with the author). The region holds distinct
agricultural advantages because of favorable growing seasons and uniquely prime
agricultural soils. The area is important for the production of cotton, hay,
sorghum, wheat, lettuce, chiles, onions, cabbage and pecans. Between 1962-1987,
area of land farms lost encompassed about one-third of their total acreage. CITY
OF EL PASO MASTER PLAN, GUIDE TO THE YEAR 2010 (1988). The State as a whole
continues to lose its agricultural sector with statistics demonstrating
consistently declining figures. Between 1984 and 1992 the land in farms fell
from 138,800 to 130,000. For the same period, the number of dislocated farms
dropped from 187,000 to 183,000. See generally U.S. DEP'T AGRIC. STATISTICS
(1985-92).




n37  Physical constraints impact the area's ability to restrain rapid land
conversion and accelerated open space loss. For example, state and international
boundaries preclude growth of the county into the north and south. The Rio
Grande, the Franklin Mountains and military reservations impose additional
growth barriers.




n38  See, e.g., JORGE CHAPA & JORGE DEL PINAL, ENUMERATION, HOUSING
CHARACTERISTICS AND SAMPLING RATES IN THE COLONIAS OF THE TEXAS BORDER AREA: A
PERSPECTIVE ON CENSUS DATA, 1993 RESEARCH CONFERENCE ON UNDERCOUNTED ETHNIC
POPULATIONS (1993); TEXAS DEP'T OF HUMAN SERVS., THE COLONIAS FACTBOOK: A SURVEY
OF LIVING CONDITIONS IN RURAL AREAS OF SOUTH TEXAS AND WEST TEXAS BORDER
COUNTIES, 1-3 (1988).




n39  Recent subdivision regulations have responded to builder/developer
violations. Additional forms of relief have also come from the county attorney.
The county attorney has employed the use of state consumer fraud and public
nuisance laws to compel developers to provide some aspects of basic
infrastructure. Interview with Viviana Patino, El Paso County Attorney's Office,
in El Paso, Tex. (July 6, 1993). The Texas Attorney General, notably under the
direction of Special Assistant Javier P. Guajardo, has also forced developers
into providing water and some required improvements for some colonia residents.




n40  The health conditions of Colonia residents suggests "third world" diseases.
For example, dysentery, increase of birth defects, Cholera (commonly transmitted
when victims ingest food or water contaminated with fecal bacteria), Hepatitis
A, tuberculosis, and high rates of diarrheal illnesses are maintained at the
border. See generally PAN AMERICAN HEALTH ORGANIZATION, U.S. - MEXICO BORDER
HEALTH STATISTICS (1991).




n41  NAFTA increases impermanence syndrome as landowners await NAFTA-directed
economic activity believing property values will increase. Impermanence
syndrome, in large measure, accelerates the deterioration of landholding as
landowners expecting development suspend farm operations. Development often
draws in greater prices for property as opposed to maintaining existing
cropland.




n42  This occurs in both countries. For example, on Jan. 1, 1994, the day the
agreement entered into effect, the Zapista National Liberation Army allegedly
shocked this country in its protest of NAFTA. Critics of NAFTA assert the
uprising in Chiapas, Mexico was not unexpected, charging that innumerable human
rights violations, the privatization of Mexico's communal land tenure system,
and intense competition from the U.S. corn industry are all impacting Mexico's
small farmers.




n43  NAFTA, supra note 1, at 681.




n44  Metro Broadcasting, Inc. v. Astroline Comm'n, 497 U.S. 547 (1990).




n45  See, e.g., Nat'l Broiler Marketing Ass'n v. United States, 436 U.S. 816,
843 (1978) (White, J., dissenting.)




n46  Guadalupe T. Luna, Mexican Rural Workers and Free Trade (1994) (unpublished
manuscript, on file with the author).




n47  See, e.g., Sharon LaFraniere, Though They Owe, Still They Reap, WASH. POST
NAT'L WKLY ED., Feb. 28 - Mar. 6, 1994, at 10 (discussing the Farmers Home
Administration and its failure to demand repayments of loans to the agricultural
sector "is seen as a welfare agency for wealthy debtor-farmers").




n48  See generally Richard Delgado, Inequality "From the Top": Applying An
Ancient Prohibition to An Emerging Distributive Justice, 32 UCLA L. REV. 100
(1984) (critically examining the issue of the federal sector seeking to confer
an "unconditional, substantial and enduring benefit on a few favorites" and its
"impact on matters of equality relative to distributional purposes").


                              880 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Palo Alto: Lot where ex-city manager's house burned has sold

BYLINE: Jacqueline Lee, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


May 05--PALO ALTO -- A lot where a fire damaged a house co-owned by Palo Alto
and its former city manager two years ago was sold in a $2.7 million cash deal.

Dreyfus Sotheby's International Realty received three offers for the
5,250-square-foot lot at 2257 Bryant St.

The escrow closed on March 18, about three months after the house was demolished
and the property listed.

This week the City Council approved a final insurance payment to former city
manager Frank Benest, settling all claims between the parties stemming from the
three-alarm blaze on May 3, 2014.

Benest's daughter was home with a friend the afternoon of the fire and found the
laundry room filled with smoke and flames. Fire investigators since determined
the blaze originated in the dryer, where there was lint buildup.

The city and Benest negotiated a $562,106 settlement from State Farm Insurance
Co., which includes some property clean-up costs of about $87,235.

The council decided Monday to place $2,050,912 -- from the property sale,
insurance settlement and existing loan payment from Benest -- into the city's
budget stabilization reserve funds.

Benest's share was about $1.2 million from the lot sale and about $205,144 from
the insurance company.

The State Farm payment was divided between the city and Benest based on
ownership rights: The city owned 56.8 percent of the property and Benest and
co-trustee Pamela S. Grady of the Benest & Grady Family Trust owned 43.2
percent.

City staff calculated a net return on the investment of $650,912.

The city and Benest purchased the property together in June 2001 for $1.58
million to serve as his primary residence after he moved from Southern
California for the city manager job, which has a residency requirement.

Benest served from 2000 to 2008.

The city provided a $900,000 equity share and a $500,000 loan to Benest with a
30-year term to purchase the property. Benest contributed $185,000 to the down
payment.

Benest paid off the existing city loan, which was $325,284.

Email Jacqueline Lee at jlee1@bayareanewsgroup.com or call her at 650-391-1334;
follow her at twitter.com/jleenews.

___ (c)2016 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160505-PL-Palo-Alto-Lot-where-ex-city-manager-s-house-burned-has-sold-0505-201
60505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2016 Palo Alto Daily News


                              881 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Palo Alto: Lot where ex-city manager's house burned sells for $2.7 million

BYLINE: Jacqueline Lee, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


May 05--PALO ALTO -- A lot where a fire damaged a house co-owned by Palo Alto
and its former city manager two years ago was sold in a $2.7 million cash deal.

Dreyfus Sotheby's International Realty received three offers for the
5,250-square-foot lot at 2257 Bryant St.

The escrow closed on March 18, about three months after the house was demolished
and the property listed.

This week the City Council approved a final insurance payment to former city
manager Frank Benest, settling all claims between the parties stemming from the
three-alarm blaze on May 3, 2014.

Benest's daughter was home with a friend the afternoon of the fire and found the
laundry room filled with smoke and flames. Fire investigators since determined
the blaze originated in the dryer, where there was lint buildup.

The city and Benest negotiated a $562,106 settlement from State Farm Insurance
Co., which includes some property clean-up costs of about $87,235.

The council decided Monday to place $2,050,912 -- from the property sale,
insurance settlement and existing loan payment from Benest -- into the city's
budget stabilization reserve funds.

Benest's share was about $1.2 million from the lot sale and about $205,144 from
the insurance company.

The State Farm payment was divided between the city and Benest based on
ownership rights: The city owned 56.8 percent of the property and Benest and
co-trustee Pamela S. Grady of the Benest & Grady Family Trust owned 43.2
percent.

City staff calculated a net return on the investment of $650,912.

The city and Benest purchased the property together in June 2001 for $1.58
million to serve as his primary residence after he moved from Southern
California for the city manager job, which has a residency requirement.

Benest served from 2000 to 2008.

The city provided a $900,000 equity share and a $500,000 loan to Benest with a
30-year term to purchase the property. Benest contributed $185,000 to the down
payment.

Benest paid off the existing city loan, which was $325,284.

Email Jacqueline Lee at jlee1@bayareanewsgroup.com or call her at 650-391-1334;
follow her at twitter.com/jleenews.

___ (c)2016 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160505-PL-Palo-Alto-Lot-where-ex-city-manager-s-house-burned-sells-for-2.7-mil
lion-0505-20160505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2016 Palo Alto Daily News


                              882 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

FSA county committee nominations sought

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


June 13--The nomination period for the Wilson County Farm Service Agency County
Committee begins Sunday.

"County Committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," said Tom Vilsack, U.S. Agriculture secretary. "I
hope that every eligible farmer and rancher will participate in this year's
County Committee elections. Through the county committees, farmers and ranchers
have a voice; their opinions and ideas get to be heard on federal farm
programs."

Vilsack added, "We've seen an increase in the number of nominations of women and
minority candidates, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA County Committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form, FSA-669A. The
form and other information about FSA County Committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1. Elections will take place this fall.

While FSA County Committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA County Committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 3. Ballots are due back
to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 1. Newly elected
committee members and alternates take office Jan. 1, 2015.

___ (c)2014 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140613-ZW-FSA-county-committee-nominations-sought-0613-20140613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2014 The Wilson Daily Times


                              883 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 2, 2014

FSA nomination period started

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 343  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the nomination period for local
Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees has begun.

"County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," said Vilsack. "I hope that every eligible farmer and
rancher will participate in this year's county committee elections. Through the
county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice; their opinions and ideas
get to be heard on federal farm programs."

Vilsack added, "We've seen an increase in the number of nominations of women and
minority candidates, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form, FSA-669A.

The form and other information about FSA county committee elections are
available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elec-tions. Nomination forms for the 2014 election
must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of
business on Aug. 1, 2014. Elections will take place this fall.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 3, 2014. Ballots are due
back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 1, 2014.
Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 Weiser Signal American


                              884 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 20, 2014

FSA County Committee Nomination Period Begins

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 348  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the nomination period for local
Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees began

Sunday, June 15, 2014.

"County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," said

Vilsack. "I hope that every eligible farmer and rancher will participate in this
year's county committee elections. Through the county committees, farmers and
ranchers have a voice; their opinions and ideas get to be heard on federal farm
programs."

Vilsack added, "We've seen an increase in the number of nominations of women and
minority candidates, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candi date, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,

FSA-669A. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections
are available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2014
election must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by
close of business on August 1, 2014. Elections will take place this fall.While
FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating loans,
they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs,
commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues. Members
serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and ranchers
serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11 members that
are elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning November 3, 2014. Ballots are
due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by December 1,
2014. Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on January 1,
2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press


                              885 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Grimsby Lincoln News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Grimsby Energy gets $600K loan from Town

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 409  words


GRIMSBY - It's a project that is ultimately expected to digest farm waste but in
the immediate future it's only digesting municipal dollars.

On Monday Grimsby council approved a $600,000 loan to Grimsby Energy Inc.,
overseers of the long awaited biodigester project. The short term loan is meant
to offset some immediate accounts payable that are due as Grimsby Energy
continues construction on the Sobie Road site.

In addition to the loan town council will also be selecting a third party expert
to review the project, which has been more than five years in the waiting. The
person who reviews the project will be an industry expert who will look after
the project details and provide opinion on its viability.

"It will be an industry expert to review the documents and the plan," said Mayor
Bob Bentley.

A Grimsby Energy Inc. shareholders meeting is set to take place next week to
discuss the review.

The Town-owned company came to the administration and finance committee
requesting the loan to help cover some immediate costs. While the committee
approved the loan request there were strings attached. Annual interest rate was
bumped up to two per cent from the requested 1.25 per cent, while the default
rate was set at five per cent instead of the initial three per cent. The term of
the loan is 120 days.

While the committee ultimately approved moving ahead with the loan, chair
Carolyn Mullins did express some concern.

"If it was a payable, we should have learned about it sooner than we did," she
said.

Bentley said the project is in mid-construction phase and should be operational
by the fall. Late last year the Town and Grimsby Energy announced the project
had produced its first two megawatts from grape pumice.

If successful, the biodigester project will use farm waste, such as grape
pumice, to produce electricity with the help of a 20-cylinder engine from Heek,
Germany. Biodigester projects have proved successful in Europe, but a similar
project in Owen Sound has failed to live up to expectations. Proponents of the
Grimsby project have said they've taken the necessary precautions - such as
ensuring they'll have enough source material and burying the biodigester to
protect it against the harshness of a Canadian winter - is enough to make this
one a success.

If successful, the Town could net a profit of $365,000 a year from the
biodigester.

In a recorded vote only Ald. Dave Kadwell - a vocal critic of the project -
voted against the loan.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Grimsby Lincoln News

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Grimsby Energy gets $600K loan from Town

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 409  words


GRIMSBY - It's a project that is ultimately expected to digest farm waste but in
the immediate future it's only digesting municipal dollars.

On Monday Grimsby council approved a $600,000 loan to Grimsby Energy Inc.,
overseers of the long awaited biodigester project. The short term loan is meant
to offset some immediate accounts payable that are due as Grimsby Energy
continues construction on the Sobie Road site.

In addition to the loan town council will also be selecting a third party expert
to review the project, which has been more than five years in the waiting. The
person who reviews the project will be an industry expert who will look after
the project details and provide opinion on its viability.

"It will be an industry expert to review the documents and the plan," said Mayor
Bob Bentley.

A Grimsby Energy Inc. shareholders meeting is set to take place next week to
discuss the review.

The Town-owned company came to the administration and finance committee
requesting the loan to help cover some immediate costs. While the committee
approved the loan request there were strings attached. Annual interest rate was
bumped up to two per cent from the requested 1.25 per cent, while the default
rate was set at five per cent instead of the initial three per cent. The term of
the loan is 120 days.

While the committee ultimately approved moving ahead with the loan, chair
Carolyn Mullins did express some concern.

"If it was a payable, we should have learned about it sooner than we did," she
said.

Bentley said the project is in mid-construction phase and should be operational
by the fall. Late last year the Town and Grimsby Energy announced the project
had produced its first two megawatts from grape pumice.

If successful, the biodigester project will use farm waste, such as grape
pumice, to produce electricity with the help of a 20-cylinder engine from Heek,
Germany. Biodigester projects have proved successful in Europe, but a similar
project in Owen Sound has failed to live up to expectations. Proponents of the
Grimsby project have said they've taken the necessary precautions - such as
ensuring they'll have enough source material and burying the biodigester to
protect it against the harshness of a Canadian winter - is enough to make this
one a success.

If successful, the Town could net a profit of $365,000 a year from the
biodigester.

In a recorded vote only Ald. Dave Kadwell - a vocal critic of the project -
voted against the loan.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 22, 1986 Tuesday

Plan complements farm program Alberta businesses get loan break

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 490 words


The Alberta Government will make $750-million in loans available to
 small businesses and will guarantee a maximum 9 per cent rate of interest
 for 10 years, Premier Donald Getty announced yesterday.

Loans of up to $150,000 will be available for the next three years on a
 first-come, first-served basis to Alberta-owned businesses that have a
 maximum of 100 employees and a maximum annual income of $5-million.

The new Small Business Term Assistance Plan complements a $2- billion
 program of 20-year, 9 per cent loans announced earlier this month for
 farmers. Nine per cent is about two percentage points below the current
 prime rate charged by banks to their best corporate customers.

But homeowners wondering whether they can expect a similar break on
 mortgage interest rates before the May 8 Alberta election should not hold
 their breath, Mr. Getty told a news conference.

''Mortgages are falling by themselves, as has the value of homes been
 reduced, so I think they're taking care of themselves,'' he said.

Mr. Getty made the announcement in a hotel where the Progressive
 Conservative campaign headquarters is located. But he insisted that the
 new plan, approved at a Cabinet meeting earlier yesterday, was not a
 campaign announcement.

The New Democrats, meanwhile, are offering farmers a six-month break
 from loan payments. Leader Ray Martin, campaigning yesterday in the
 northwestern farm centre of Spirit River, said an NDP government would
 legislate a six-month ''debt set-aside'' starting in June. He said the
 program would give farmers the leeway necessary to seed and harvest crops
 during the tough spring and fall ahead.

The Government's loan program for small business is to be bolstered by
 an expansion of the role of the Crown-owned Alberta Opportunity Co.
 Previously a lender of last resort for small business, the company now
 will be empowered to make direct equity investments, buy debentures or buy
 preferred shares.

Mr. Getty said it has not yet been made clear how much money the
 opportunity company will have available for such investments.

Also unclear were some of the mechanisms of the loan program.

Mr. Getty said businesses and farmers will apply through financial
 institutions but the money will be lent from either the province's
 Heritage Savings Trust Fund or from third parties now being lined up.
 Treasurer Lou Hyndman is deciding how much money will come from what
 source.

The heritage fund has $12.7-billion in financial assets but most of
 that money is tied up. The fund would not likely be able to provide a
 total $2.75-billion for new loans to small businesses and farmers.

It will cost the Government about $45-million a year to subsidize the
 farm loans and $20-million to $30- million to keep interest rates down on
 the small-business loans.

Alberta small businesses already enjoy provincial income tax rates
 among the lowest in the country - zero for manufacturing and processing
 industries and 5 per cent for others.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            September 9, 1985 Monday

Police had vehicle in pound for 8 days   Feisty farm activist recovers missing
tractor

BYLINE: DONALD GRANT; GAM

LENGTH: 489 words


By  DONALD GRANT
 Grey County farmer George Bothwell has his tractor back.

Mr. Bothwell had been driving the tractor, called The Ghost of
 Agriculture Past, around Toronto's streets for four days to draw public
 attention to the plight of Ontario farmers who have lost their farms in
 bank foreclosures, when it disappeared.

The 38-year-old farmer said he called Metro Toronto Police daily for
 eight days about his tractor.

Last Thursday, police called to say the tractor was in a police pound.

The huge tractor had been in the pound since Aug. 29, the day it was
 stolen. In fact, it had been in the Union Road pound more than eight hours
   before Mr. Bothwell had reported it stolen.

On Saturday, Mr. Bothwell climbed up on his tractor and headed home,
 muttering angrily: "That's Hogtown hospitality."
    He had just paid $180 to get his $10,000 tractor, decorated with signs
 denouncing Canadian banks, out of police custody.
    "That was a little rich," he said about the pound fee. "And they
 completely ruined a tire."
    Mr. Bothwell has been fighting the banking system since 1982, when the
 Bank of Montreal foreclosed on his loans. He lost control of the family
 farm and has been renting land to make a living.
    "Now, I'm not overly impressed with Metro Toronto Police," he said,
 bitter about the force's lack of co-ordination.
    "It's strange. They even had pictures of the tractor." (The photographs
 had been taken by a Globe and Mail photographer the Sunday he arrived in
 Toronto on his pilgrimage.)
    Obviously very disgusted, he paused and then said that "they (the
 police), in fact, had picked it up."
    The bank hater's friend, John Gorman of Bobcaygeon, Ont., said they
 were told the tractor had been taken from a downtown parking lot by
 someone and driven to Front Street at about 2 a.m. on Aug. 29.
    "It was left running until 8 a.m. when someone called the police."
    It was towed to the police pound about 9:30 a.m., dragging a tire that,
 according to Mr. Bothwell, must have left a trail of blue smoke.

Sergeant Frank Malone of the downtown 52 Division said that on the day
 after the theft Mr. Bothwell left the police station before officers could
 talk to him.
    "He came to the station and waited, but suddenly up and left," Sgt.
 Malone said.
    "We didn't know if the tractor was his. There was no proof of
 ownership. It was a suspicious situation and we were trying to conduct an
 investigation."
    So the police placed a "hold" on the tractor.

Sgt. Malone said Mr. Bothwell could have called daily to someone in the
 police department and that officer would not have known about the tractor.
    "There were problems. No proof of ownership. No idea of the vehicle
 identification number. No serial numbers. The description was pretty
 scant."
    Therefore, the tractor theft was not placed in the Canadian police
 information system and it was possible that other officers were "not aware
 of the alert," Sgt. Malone said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Manitoba Hydro puts $260 million into wind farm

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; In Brief; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 114  words


Manitoba Hydro is lending the St. Joseph wind farm $260 million to rescue the
shaky Southern Manitoba project. But Premier Greg Selinger and Hydro boss Bob
Brennan said Monday the deal is a good one for Manitobans. Hydro stands to make
a small profit on the 20-year loan and if the wind farm company defaults, Hydro
will simply assume ownership of the turbines. Construction of the 138-megawatt
wind farm located about 100 kilometres south of Winnipeg will begin immediately.
When the turbines are turning at full blast next spring, the farm will generate
enough power to serve the needs of 50,000 homes. But the project is about half
the size originally planned and more than a year late.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 8, 2009 Tuesday

Optimism growing at Melpet Farm

BYLINE: Cynthia McCormick, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Dec. 8--DENNIS -- Melpet Farm's wild ride might finally be coming to an end.

The former riding stable on Route 134 has been the subject of controversy and
legal battles ever since the town purchased it for affordable housing in 2001.

The fallout has left the $2 million property, which features a red barn and
apartment building, empty of both equine and human tenants.

But town officials expect Melpet Farm will be occupied again soon. They
currently are soliciting requests for proposals to develop and manage 24 to 28
units of affordable rental housing at the site. There is also a proposal to use
part of the property for agricultural purposes.

"Way too much time has gone on," said Dennis Town Administrator Richard White.
"We're moving ahead with the bids."

With its grassy paddocks and white fences, Melpet Farm seemed to be the
quintessential community success story when town meeting agreed to purchase its
20 acres eight years ago to save it from being developed into a grocery
superstore.

The town set aside 12 acres for conservation land and planned to create 28 units
of affordable housing on another parcel of land, effectively doubling the number
of apartments already on site.

But a combination of bad luck and financial mismanagement almost resulted in
foreclosure.

Contractors hired without benefit of a formal bidding process by former Dennis
Housing Authority commissioners gutted apartments to the walls and left them
empty.

DHA Executive Director Kathy Barrasso ended up quitting suddenly in October
2002, leaving the DHA holding the bag for the $400,000 Citizens Bank renovation
loan.

Last year the investors holding the loan, Faneuil Investment Group, threatened
to foreclose on 6.4 acres intended for affordable housing.

The town responded by taking back ownership of the property from the DHA, saying
it was authorized to do so under a "reverter clause" due to the misdeeds of the
previous housing authority officials.

Faneuil Investors Group disagreed and unsuccessfully sued the town and housing
authority, which prevailed in appeals court.

But, as to be expected with Melpet Farm, things are not that simple.

Boston attorney Dana Alan Curhan, representing the investors and a title
insurance company, is asking the state's Supreme Judicial Court to review the
case.

"Maybe they (town officials) have the right to take the land back," he said.
"The question is what happens to the lender."

Curhan thinks the messy legal situation might break new ground and be heard by
the SJC, but White says town officials don't believe the case will get that far.

Bids to develop and manage the property are due Jan. 7, and White said a
contract is expected to be awarded in February.

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091208-CA-Optimism-growing-at-Melpet-Farm-1208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2009 Cape Code Times


                              891 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 27, 1979, Thursday, Final Edition

Greenwald To Head the Co-Op Bank;
Greenwald Picked For Co-Op Bank

BYLINE: By Larry Kramer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; C1

LENGTH: 573 words


Carol S. Greenwald, the outspoken former Massachusetts Banking Commissioner,
will be named the first president of the National Consumer Cooperative Bank,
sources said yesterday.

Greenwald, 36, is now a visiting professor at the Harvard Business School and a
member of the newly-created White House Price Advisory Commission.

Her appointment will b formally announced after the NCCB board of directors
completes final paperwork, the sources said.  But the board voted at a meeting
last week to name her to the top spot at the bank.

The Co-Op Bank is a mixed ownership corporation created by the Congress last
year to provide funding, credit services and technical assistance to
cooperatively-owned businesses.

The passage of the legislation creating the bank was hailed as a victory for
consumer advocates, who had claimed that cooperatives -- which frequently offer
low-price goods and services to consumer -- were having difficulty getting
credit from banks because of the co-ops' non-profit status.

The Co-Op Banks wad modeled after financial institutions serving certain farm
and rural areas under the Farm Credit Administration.

Although $300 million has been earmarked by Congress for seed money to get the
bank started, only $74 million has budgeted for its first year's operation.

The bank is scheduled to open for business on March 11, and approve its first
loans on March 21, according to a bank spokesman.

The government essentially buys stock in the bank.  But the government role will
gradually decrease as outside stockholders buy in.

The 13-member (soon to increase to 15-member) board of directors of the bank is
appointed by President Carter with the consent of the U.S. Senate. bEach board
member serves for three-year terms, with seven of the board members coming form
the ranks of officers of agencies and department of the U.S. government.

Eventually, the members of the board will be selected by stockholder-elected
directors.

Eligible for loans and technical assistance from the bank will be nonprofit
cooperatives in such areas as health, housing, food, and repair services.
Cooperatives are controlled by their members, under a one-person, one-vote
basis.

When a cooperative supermarket makes money, for example, the profits are
distributed to the members based on how much they spent at the co-op.  The
directors of each coop are elected by the members.

Greenwald was an assistant vice prsident and economist with the Federal Reserve
Bank in Boston before being named Massachusetts banking commissioner in 1975 by
then-governor Michael Dukakis.

She quickly made of a name for herself as a bank regulator and shocked bankers
by attacking the bank practice of redlining -- a system under which many banks
draw a red line around decaying urban areas they consider poor loan risks, and
discourage officers from making loans to that area.

Then, she pursued bank hiring policies, leading the way for federal hearings adn
actions aimed at enforcing equal opportunity and credit laws.

She once said, during the Bert Lance affair, that "the problem is, the
regulators don't know the problem (from the consumer's point of view.) They
aren't unemployed and they haven't been turned down for a mortgage."

Her salary in the new post has not yet been determined.

NCCB officials would not confirn or deny the appointment, and Greenwald was
unavailable for comment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              892 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 16, 2005 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Blueberry processor files lawsuit

BYLINE: KATHERINE CASSIDY OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1813 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


A Washington County blueberry processor forced out of the business last year by
the foreclosure of his biggest company has hit back with a civil lawsuit
targeting several parties, including Washington County and its Sheriff's
Department.

The lawsuit by William Guptill of Marshfield is in response to the dismantling
and demise of Guptill Farms, the processing plant and storage freezer in Wesley
owned by his family since 1960. The foreclosed property is in the hands of a
court-appointed receiver and leased to a rival processor.

In the lawsuit, filed last month in U.S. District Court in Bangor, Guptill has
asked for a jury trial on behalf of Downeast Ventures, a family-run company for
which he is a 25 percent owner.

Downeast Ventures alleges that, after a Washington County Superior Court justice
ordered foreclosure in June 2004 by KeyBank of Portland on its $2.5 million loan
to Guptill Farms, the court-appointed receiver was overzealous in rounding up
property - mostly vehicles and construction equipment - he believed to be
Guptill's personal assets.

The complaint alleges that a receiver coordinated with the sheriff, deputies and
a private investigator to wrongly seize pickup trucks and pieces of machinery
from fields, wood lots, trailers and even other people's yards throughout the
county, from Wesley to Cutler.

The assets belong to Downeast Ventures, a Wesley-based construction company
formed in May 2000. The assets were never pledged to KeyBank in connection with
the bank's $2.5 million loan to Guptill Farms in June 2000.But starting last
summer and continuing as recently as May, the assets were methodically taken,
some from private property and without a warrant. They include excavators and
attachments, dump trucks, tractors, bush-hog mowers, fertilizer spreaders, and
tillers.

Guptill's attorney argues that by depriving Downeast Ventures of its assets and
causing the company's demise, the defendants pressured Guptill to give up his
business ventures in Washington County for good.

Thomas Hallett, a Portland attorney, filed the complaint on behalf of Downeast
Ventures.

It names two banks, another blueberry processing company, the court-appointed
receiver, Sheriff Joseph Tibbetts and one of his deputies, and a private
investigator.

"They really feel like they can completely run roughshod over Guptill Farms, and
they have," Hallett said earlier this week. "But what they can't do is step over
the law. I do not know what the power [structure] is. ... I don't understand the
dynamics and politics in that area. It seems like there are some power players,
and then people who don't have much power.

"We are on the side of people who don't have much power."

KeyBank's loan to Guptill Farms in 2000 was backed by Jasper Wyman & Son, a
Milbridge blueberry processor, at a time when Guptill Farms and Wyman's agreed
on a working relationship that benefited both sides.

Wyman's, the state's second-largest processor, needed extra storage space.
Guptill Farms could provide that with its 6 million pound-capacity freezer.

But two years ago the relationship soured. Wyman's asked the Washington County
Sheriff's Department to investigate the "disappearance" from Guptill's freezer
of eight tractor-trailer loads of berries - worth $300,000 - that Wyman's was
storing at the Wesley facility.

No criminal charges have been filed, Sheriff Joseph Tibbetts said Thursday.

"The investigation is ongoing in that we have turned it over to the District
Attorney's Office," Tibbetts said. On Friday, the prosecutor's office declined
to talk about the case other than to say that it is "progressing."

Soon after the discovery and dispute over the missing berries - which Guptill
attributes to paperwork mistakes - KeyBank called in its loan through Washington
County Superior Court. That led to the court's appointment of a receiver last
summer to oversee the foreclosure through to a public auction.

Guptill filed a counterclaim in the same court. That case has not yet been
heard.

In addition to Washington County and its Sheriff's Department, the suit names as
defendants Wyman's, KeyBank, and SN Commercial of Dallas, the bank that last
September bought Guptill's foreclosed loan.

Additional defendants are McShane Group of Baltimore, the company that is
handling the receivership; and James Ebbert of Rockland, McShane's local
representative.

Named, too, are Sheriff Tibbetts, in both professional and personal capacities;
Lester Seeley of Dennysville, a sheriff's deputy; and Harry Bailey of Grand Lake
Stream, a former state trooper who worked alongside Seeley to repossess property
as directed by the receiver and the sheriff.

None of the attorneys representing the defendants reached this week gave
credence to Downeast Ventures' complaint. Their formal responses are due in the
federal court on Aug. 1.

The attorney for Wyman's, for one, will ask for the case's dismissal.

"This case has escalated beyond rationality," said attorney Neal Pratt of
Portland. "It just seems that what they did is throw a fishnet out there, trying
to get as much in the net as they could.

"It's my feeling that this lawsuit, while brought in the name of a different
party [Downeast Ventures], contains the exact same allegations they've already
made in a [similar] suit still pending in Washington County Superior Court."

The attorney for KeyBank, David Hirshon of Portland, also intends to seek the
case's dismissal.

"When our answer is filed, the bank will deny each and every material
allegation," Hirshon said.

As for Bailey, his attorney, Robert Hatch of Portland, responded on Friday:
"Harry's role in this is straightforward," Hatch said. "He was retained by the
receiver to locate assets. We contest most of the facts stated in the complaint,
and we simply don't think they are correct [on the ownership issues]."

Two attorneys representing other defendants were on vacation this week and not
available for comment. Those are Peter Marchesi of Waterville, representing
Washington County, the Sheriff's Department, Tibbetts and Seeley; and Lee Bals
of Portland, the attorney for both McShane and Ebbert.

Downeast Ventures' complaint argues that a web of relationships that includes
some of the defendants shared the goal of running Guptill out of the county.

Wyman & Son's leadership holds "a close friendship" with the sheriff, himself a
blueberry grower, according to the lawsuit. The company officers communicate
with him on a first-name basis, the suit contends.

Wyman's officials in 2003 "consulted informally with Sheriff Tibbetts about
pursuing Guptill," the complaint reads.

"At that time, Wyman's executive Carmen Look contacted Sheriff Tibbetts and
learned which deputy sheriff he might assign to investigate Mr. Guptill and
discussed the topic of which jurisdiction (state, county or federal) would best
serve the interests of Wyman & Son in regard to pursuing Guptill," the lawsuit
says.

"After speaking with Sheriff Tibbetts, Wyman considered that it would be best to
pursue Guptill through the Washington County Sheriff's Office because they
(according to a Wyman e-mail) would 'keep us in the loop, so to speak.'"

The Sheriff's Department, the suit contends, continued to work to "cause the
collapse of the business activities of Downeast Ventures" in 2004 and 2005,
working alongside Ebbert, the court-appointed receiver.

Ebbert had been retained as a consultant by Wyman's a few months before, as the
berry processor faced its own possible bankruptcy after a court decision out of
Knox County in November 2003. In that, Wyman's and two other large processors
were found to have fixed prices they paid to growers in the late 1990s. The
processors are combining to pay off a $5 million settlement over four years.

Ebbert and the Maryland company he works for, McShane, were appointed as
receivers in KeyBank's foreclosure case on June 17, 2004. They were given in
that role the lawful authority to take control over the property that
constituted the collateral for KeyBank's loan to Guptill Farms.

But Ebbert and McShane had no authority to interfere with the assets or
activities of the Guptills' separate corporation, Downeast Ventures, according
to the lawsuit.

At no time, the suit points out, did Ebbert make contact with Guptill or his
wife to assure that the vehicles he and others were taking belonged to Guptill
Farms or the Guptills individually, and whether they were part of the
receivership estate.

His contact with KeyBank and Wyman's was considerable, however, according to the
suit.Several times the receiver, the banks and the Sheriff's Department were
advised by letter that none of the assets of Downeast Ventures constituted
collateral for the KeyBank loan or for obligations owing to Wyman's, the lawsuit
says.

Yet "none of those defendants ever asked for any further authority or
instructions from any court to allow the interference with Downeast Ventures'
business or assets," the complaint charges.

Unable to gain new contracts for work, Downeast Ventures terminated its business
operations in March.

Both Guptill and KeyBank are awaiting the decision of a judge in a third court,
Hancock County Superior Court. Testimony started last fall and was completed in
the spring over a similar issue of ownership.

KeyBank was trying to prevent Moto Car in Ellsworth from selling six classic
vehicles that Guptill had put on the lot for consignment sales. But Ellsworth
attorney William Blaisdell, who represents Moto Car owner Terry Pinkham, argued
that the cars belonged to the Guptills' adult children.

The evidence in that case has been closed for more than four months.

Back in Bangor through the new federal case, Hallett, Guptill's attorney, cites
KeyBank as a prime decision-maker in the pursuit of Downeast Ventures' property
through the spring - even though the bank had sold its interest in the Guptill
Farms loan last fall.

"This is not business as usual by a bank," Hallett said. "It seems it has become
personal, to me."

Hirshon, KeyBank's attorney, feels otherwise.

"When you cut through the complaint, the receiver was appointed by the court,
not by KeyBank or Wyman's," Hirshon said. "I gather that Downeast Ventures feels
the receiver has obtained or repossessed property that belonged to Downeast
Ventures rather than Guptill Farms or the Guptills individually."

The federal lawsuit charges the violations of the principals of Downeast
Ventures' protection against unreasonable seizures, as well as the violation of
their civil rights.

It further makes charges of wrongful repossession, interference with existing
business relationships, interference with prospective economic advantage, and
abuse of process.

The hearing of the federal case has not yet been scheduled.

"I am hopeful in the final analysis that [the defendants' actions] will all come
to light," Hallett said.

"I hope it will point out the depth that people will go to sink or destroy
another person."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                              893 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                               May 3, 2013 Friday

Hubbard 'never meant to keep money'

BYLINE: Marta Steeman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 614 words


Christchurch investor Tony Brazier says the depiction of Jean Hubbard as
"greedy" and "evil" by statutory managers was never correct.

His comments come after yesterday's announcement by the statutory managers of
the late Allan Hubbard-run fund, Aorangi Securities, that they had struck an
eleventh-hour agreement with his widow, Jean Hubbard, over $60 million worth of
disputed assets.

The statutory managers from accountancy firm Grant Thornton declined to comment
or respond to Brazier's contentions.

About 400 investors in Aorangi were told in a letter from the managers yesterday
that they would receive most, if not all, of their capital back "over time"
because of the agreement.

It means that court proceedings to determine ownership, set down for May 20,
will not go ahead.

They are owed $96m, including the $60m of disputed assets. "Who knows if [the
word 'capital'] means interest as well?" Brazier said.

Brazier invested in Aorangi Securities, a fund set up by Hubbard, which lent to
farmers and agricultural businesses.

Aorangi was placed in statutory management by the Government on June 20, 2010,
along with a few other entities controlled or run by Allan Hubbard.

The agreement means that court proceedings over who owned the disputed assets
will no longer take place.

"No surprise to me. I'm hoping that a few investors will actually now realise
that Mrs Hubbard had no intention of keeping that $60m," Brazier said.

"She just wanted to get enough to pay [bills], that's my understanding, and the
rest was always going to the investors.

"When she applied for the $60m, she was painted by the statutory managers as
being the evil one, trying to be greedy, which was nowhere near the case," he
said. "She was simply trying to find some money to pay her bills."

The statutory managers said in December last year that Jean Hubbard was
"personally contesting Aorangi's ownership of the $60m of assets. She wants to
keep the assets worth $60m", and this was holding up the return of investors'
funds.

Brazier said that hopefully, it would not take more than two years to get their
capital back. They had already been returned 15 per cent.

Brazier is a member of the "liaison group" of investors that kept in regular
contact with the statutory managers. "We always knew the bulk would end up in
investors' hands," he said.

Although he was critical of the way the statutory managers depicted the dispute
with Jean Hubbard, he praised one of them, Trevor Thornton, for doing a "very
good job" of chasing the farmers Hubbard had lent investors' money to.

Thornton had put in farm advisers to help the farmers prepare to refinance their
loans or sell their farms.

"It is a methodical approach that will take time," Brazier said.

He did not know how much Jean Hubbard's bills were but he assumed that the
confidential settlement included her receiving payment to settle them.

"Unfortunately, I met a few investors who had been put off Mrs Hubbard from what
they read in the paper. She had every intention, although nothing in writing,
she had every intention of giving the money back to investors after she paid her
bills, and this vindicates that."

Allan Hubbard originally put the $60m worth of assets into trusts for Aorangi
investors to make up for a shortfall and in order to issue a complying
prospectus.

Statutory management was imposed before these were complete, and Grant Thornton
subsequently unwound the transactions, leading later to them seeking a
determination from the High Court as to who owned the assets. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Loyal: Many Aorangi Securities investors backed Allan and Jean Hubbard even
after the fund was put into statutory management.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Groeb Farms plan takes effect

BYLINE: by Jena Lagonia

LENGTH: 985 words


Private equity firm Peak Rock Capital announced Wednesday it had completed the
acquisition of honey processor Groeb Farms Inc. through Natural American Foods
Inc.

Court papers show Groeb Farms' reorganization plan took effect on Tuesday, the
same day a limited liability company agreement for new equity holder Natural
American Foods Holdings LLC went into effect.

"Our acquisition of Natural American Foods is a great example of our interest in
working alongside strong middle-market businesses with talented management teams
to help them achieve their full potential through operational enhancements and
strategic repositioning," Peak Rock CEO Anthony DiSimone said in the statement.
"Our team worked side-by-side with NAF's new management team throughout the
recent restructuring process, and we are pleased to have helped guide the
company so quickly to a successful emergence."

Judge Walter Shapero of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of
Michigan in Detroit on Dec. 19 confirmed the debtor's reorganization plan.
Shapero on Nov. 12 had entered an order approving the disclosure statement of
the Onsted, Mich., debtor.

"This is a very desirable outcome, and we are extremely pleased with the smooth
transition to our new ownership," NAF chief executive Rolf Richter said in a
Thursday statement. "We thank Peak Rock for their dedication to helping us
establish a strong, well-capitalized foundation that will allow us to focus on
what is most important: making the highest-quality honey products for our
commercial and retail customers."

According to the release, Richter joined Groeb Farms in July 2012 and led the
company through its sale to Austin, Texas, PE firm Peak Rock.

Under the debtor's second amended plan, filed Nov. 8, senior secured lender HC
Capital Holdings 0909A LLC, owed $16.57 million, received a cash payment equal
to its claim, minus $3 million. HC Capital Holdings 0909A, an affiliate of Peak
Rock, acquired the debt, originally held by Wells Fargo Bank NA, on Sept. 18.

Private equity funds Argosy Investment Partners II LP, Horizon Capital Partners
III LP and Marquette Capital Fund I LP, owed about $7 million in subordinated
debt, received a pro rata share of new subordinated notes and warrants to
acquire up to 13% of the debtor's equity.

Trade creditors, owed approximately $14.5 million, received a pro rata share of
a trust funded by litigation recoveries. Other general unsecured secured
creditors, owed approximately $4 million, also will share in the trust recovery.

Unsecured convenience claims, totaling about $240,000, were paid in full.

Existing equity interests were wiped out.

Peak Rock Capital affiliate HC Capital Holdings 1220A LP received the equity of
NAF.

Naples, Fla., private equity firm Horizon Partners Ltd. took family-run Groeb
private for about $65 million on Dec. 31, 2007.

HC Capital Holdings 0909A, which provided a $27 million debtor-in-possession
loan, also is the lender on a $30 million exit loan.

Court papers filed Tuesday show the exit financing includes a $19 million
revolving loan, priced at three-month Libor plus 3% to 6%, and an $11 million
term loan, priced at three-month Libor plus 4.5% to 7.5%, which will be made
available to the debtor in a single draw on the closing date. Libor has a 2%
floor.

The revolver will mature on the third anniversary of the closing date, while the
term loan will mature on the fourth anniversary.

The exit financing carries a $1.125 million commitment fee, plus a 0.25% unused
line fee on the revolver and a 2% fee on the undrawn amounts of letters of
credit.

NAF produces honey and commercial sweeteners for various food manufacturers and
food service customers, as well as national retailers and distributors.

Predecessor Groeb Farms filed for Chapter 11 on Oct. 1.

Groeb's financial troubles date to 2001, when the U.S. government imposed
anti-dumping duties on honey imported from China. An anti-dumping duty is a
tariff imposed by a domestic government on imported products believed to be
priced below fair market value.

When imports from China fell, the government began investigating the honey
industry and the possibility of the honey being shipped through a second country
to conceal its origins or mislabeled to avoid anti-dumping duties.

Starting in 2007, the U.S. Department of Justice initiated the first of several
cases alleging U.S. honey packers imported and transhipped products without
paying the tariffs. In 2008, the debtor received a grand jury subpoena to
provide information for an investigation on the industry.

Following the investigation, the debtor entered into a deferred prosecution
agreement, under which Groeb agreed to put in place "robust policies and
procedures" relating to the purchase of honey to avoid international duty issues
in the future.

Groeb hoped the deal would qualify as a "fresh start" for the company, but in
April, two civil punitive class actions were filed against the debtor in the
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by producers, packers
or distributors of honey, alleging the debtor failed to pay its anti-dumping
duties.

Attorneys' fees and expenses stemming from the litigation, as well as increased
prices in the honey market and supply shortages, had a negative financial impact
on the company, prompting the bankruptcy filing.

The company listed $60.95 million in assets and $43.8 million in liabilities in
court papers.

Debtor counsel Judy A. O'Neill, Tamar Dolcourt and John A. Simon of Foley &
Lardner LLP were not available for comment. Conway Mackenzie Inc. is Groeb's
financial adviser, and Houlihan Lokey Inc. is its investment banker.

Ray Schrock and Jeffrey D. Pawlitz of Kirkland & Ellis LLP represent Peak Rock.

Bradford J. Sandler of Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP and Sheryl L. Toby and
Sherrie L. Farrell of Dykema Gossett PLLC are counsel to the official committee
of unsecured creditors.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 4, 1981 Wednesday

MARKET PERSPECTIVE   Analysts praise   Dome's efforts   to secure grants

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: New York NY


NEW YORK  (DJ) - The future looks brighter for Dome Petroleum Ltd. of
 Calgary as the company has announced a restructuring to take advantage of
 big government grants, according to several energy analysts.

"I think it's another really brilliant move by Dome Petroleum," said  Donald
Textor, a senior investment analyst with Goldman Sachs and Co. of  New York.
"It's the greatest deal I've ever seen."     Richard Hallisey, an analyst with
First Marathon Securities Ltd. of  Toronto, said: "If Dome has done the deal,
it's going to be a good one.  Those guys get 'A' for crafty."     Under the
arrangement, Dome Canada, a new Dome subsidiary, would pay  all the parent's
Canadian exploration expenses on both federal and  provincial lands in return
for an interest in its properties.

On provincial lands, Dome Canada would get a 50 per cent interest,
 while on federal lands, such as the Beaufort Sea, it would get between 10
 and 50 per cent, with the higher percentage applying to wells drilled
 farther from existing discoveries.

Dome Petroleum would own 45 per cent of Dome Canada, with an option to
 purchase up to 55 per cent within six years. The 45 per cent interest
 would cost about $325-million in Canadian funds, of which $75-million
 would be in cash and about $250-million through the transfer of ownership
 to Dome Canada of 10.3 million shares in Transcanada Pipelines Ltd. of
 Calgary. Dome Petroleum owns about 48 per cent of Transcanada and the 10.3
 million shares is about half that interest.

The remaining 55 per cent of Dome Canada's initial equity would be
 offered publicly for about $400-million to Canadian investors only -
 foreigners would not be permitted to trade in the stock. Rounding out the
 unit's capitalization would be a $225-million loan from Japan's national
 oil company for Beaufort Sea exploration.

The equity structure of Dome Canada would ensure that the company was
 at least 75 per cent Canadian-owned and therefore eligible for federal
 government grants covering 80 per cent of exploration expenses in the
 Beaufort and 35 per cent on provincial lands.

When the subsidiary is established - analysts say it will take a matter
 of weeks - Dome Petroleum would retain at least 72.5 per cent of new
 Beaufort discoveries, 50 per cent directly and 22.5 per cent through its
 Dome Canada interest.

Ed Zederayko, an analyst with Gordon Securities Ltd. in Calgary, said
 that is a "fine deal" for Dome Petroleum's existing shareholders because
 of the improved access to the grants. Companies less than 50 per cent
 Canadian-owned get just 25 per cent of their exploration costs on federal
 lands covered by grants and those 50 to 74 per cent Canadian-owned get 35
 per cent of their costs covered.

On provincial lands, companies less than 50 per cent Canadian-owned get
 no grants.

Because Dome Petroleum's own Canadian ownership levels are too low to
 qualify for the maximum grants, its ability to finance the expensive
 Beaufort Sea exploration might have been imperilled without the farm-out
 arrangement with Dome Canada.

In past years the federal Government has provided Dome with big tax
 breaks for Beaufort Sea drilling, but last year the tax advantage was
 eliminated in favor of the ownership-based grant system.

If Dome Petroleum wants to exercise its option of Dome Canada shares
 and still retain full government grants, it must increase its own Canadian
 ownership as well. The company has considered itself about 50 per cent
 Canadian-owned, but under the strict federal government calculations its
 level of domestic ownership drops to between 30 and 35 per cent.

Dome has undertaken to raise its Canadian content to 35 per cent by
 December, 1982, with further increases of 5 per cent annually until 50 per
 cent is reached in 1985. A level of 60 per cent is expected by 1990.

Mr. Zederayko said U.S. shareholders also should benefit from Dome's
 Canadian content commitments as Canadians would have to buy them out,
 presumably at higher share prices.

He said there probably would be increased pressure on other oil
 companies to raise their Canadian ownership. Foreign-controlled companies
 such as Mobil Oil Canada Ltd., Gulf Canada Ltd., Aquitaine Co. of Canada
 Ltd. and Imperial Oil Ltd. would be at a disadvantage operating on
 Canadian government leases, including all offshore properties and the two
 northern territories, because these companies would be spending their own
 money while Canadian partners would be spending the Government's money, he
 said.

Mr. Textor said the farm-out arrangement with Dome Canada would improve
 Dome Petroleum's cash flow "tremendously."
    He said his Dome earnings estimates of $5.75 a share in 1981 and $17 in
 1985 will have to be increased. Projections do not include production from
 the Beaufort area, which is not expected to begin before the late 1980s.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            January 7, 1997 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Wik ruling no threat to farm loans, say banks

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 212 words


Canberra

The High Court's Wik native title judgment and the uncertainty it had created
for pastoral leases was not likely to affect loans to farmers in the short term,
the big banks said yesterday.

A spokesman for the ANZ Bank said it was too early to determine if it would
change its lending policy for graziers, but there was "no reason to suppose it
would".

A spokesman for the National Australia Bank said it was more concerned with cash
flows and the earning potential of farms than with confusion over land
ownership.

A spokesman for the Commonwealth Bank said it was still reviewing the Wik
decision.

But the National Farmers Federation warned that the banks would have no choice
but to change their lending policies because of the uncertainty surrounding
pastoral leases.

The federation's acting executive director, Mr James Ferguson, said that while
cash flow was important, the banks also wanted security from their clients.

"The capacity to repay and security are the two most important issues for the
banks. The High Court has significantly undermined the security of pastoral
leases, which has to affect lending policies," Mr Ferguson said.

In its ruling on the Wik case, four of the High Court's seven judges found that
native title

and pastoral leases could coexist.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1997 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                               May 3, 2013 Friday

Hubbard 'never meant to keep money'

BYLINE: Marta Steeman

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 614 words


Christchurch investor Tony Brazier says the depiction of Jean Hubbard as
"greedy" and "evil" by statutory managers was never correct.

His comments come after yesterday's announcement by the statutory managers of
the late Allan Hubbard-run fund, Aorangi Securities, that they had struck an
eleventh-hour agreement with his widow, Jean Hubbard, over $60 million worth of
disputed assets.

The statutory managers from accountancy firm Grant Thornton declined to comment
or respond to Brazier's contentions.

About 400 investors in Aorangi were told in a letter from the managers yesterday
that they would receive most, if not all, of their capital back "over time"
because of the agreement.

It means that court proceedings to determine ownership, set down for May 20,
will not go ahead.

They are owed $96m, including the $60m of disputed assets. "Who knows if [the
word 'capital'] means interest as well?" Brazier said.

Brazier invested in Aorangi Securities, a fund set up by Hubbard, which lent to
farmers and agricultural businesses.

Aorangi was placed in statutory management by the Government on June 20, 2010,
along with a few other entities controlled or run by Allan Hubbard.

The agreement means that court proceedings over who owned the disputed assets
will no longer take place.

"No surprise to me. I'm hoping that a few investors will actually now realise
that Mrs Hubbard had no intention of keeping that $60m," Brazier said.

"She just wanted to get enough to pay [bills], that's my understanding, and the
rest was always going to the investors.

"When she applied for the $60m, she was painted by the statutory managers as
being the evil one, trying to be greedy, which was nowhere near the case," he
said. "She was simply trying to find some money to pay her bills."

The statutory managers said in December last year that Jean Hubbard was
"personally contesting Aorangi's ownership of the $60m of assets. She wants to
keep the assets worth $60m", and this was holding up the return of investors'
funds.

Brazier said that hopefully, it would not take more than two years to get their
capital back. They had already been returned 15 per cent.

Brazier is a member of the "liaison group" of investors who kept in regular
contact with the statutory managers. "We always knew the bulk would end up in
investors' hands," he said.

Although he was critical of the way the statutory managers depicted the dispute
with Jean Hubbard, he praised one of them, Trevor Thornton, for doing a "very
good job" of chasing the farmers Hubbard had lent investors' money to.

Thornton had put in farm advisers to help the farmers prepare to refinance their
loans or sell their farms.

"It is a methodical approach that will take time," Brazier said.

He did not know how much Jean Hubbard's bills were but he assumed that the
confidential settlement included her receiving payment to settle them.

"Unfortunately, I met a few investors who had been put off Mrs Hubbard from what
they read in the paper.

"She had every intention, although nothing in writing, she had every intention
of giving the money back to investors after she paid her bills, and this
vindicates that."

Allan Hubbard originally put the $60m worth of assets into trusts for Aorangi
investors to make up for a shortfall and in order to issue a complying
prospectus.

Statutory management was imposed before these were complete, and Grant Thornton
subsequently unwound the transactions, leading later to them seeking a
determination from the High Court as to who owned the assets. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Loyal: Many Aorangi Securities investors backed Allan and Jean Hubbard even
after the fund was put into statutory management.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 996 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2007 University of North Carolina School of
                             Law Banking Institute
                        North Carolina Banking Institute

                                  March, 2007

                           11 N.C. Banking Inst. 183

LENGTH: 15592 words

NOTE & COMMENT: II. Issues Facing Depository Institutions: National Banks in the
Commercial Real Estate Market: Alarm over the OCC's Recent Expansion of National
Banks' Powers May Be Premature

NAME: Rick Jackson


 TEXT:
 [*183]

   I. Introduction

 The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) recently permitted national
banks to own a hotel, n1 a mixed-use development that includes a hotel and
condominiums, n2 and an equity interest in a limited-liability corporation (LLC)
that will operate a windmill farm, which includes an indirect interest in the
real estate under the windmills. n3 The National Association of Realtors (NAR)
n4 believes that with these rulings, the OCC has "set in motion a process that
will inevitably lead to national banks becoming actively involved in real estate
development and brokerage activities." n5 Additionally, Representatives Paul
Kanjorski and Barney Frank, incoming chairman of the House Financial Services
Committee in the new Congress, n6 raise issues not addressed in the debate
between the OCC and the NAR. n7 In  [*184]  response, the OCC contends that
these rulings are within its statutory authority and long-standing precedents
such that they "absolutely do not open the door for national banks to engage in
broad-based real estate development activities" and "have absolutely nothing to
do with real estate brokerage by national banks." n8 In support of the OCC's
position, a former Comptroller of the Currency concedes more than the agency's
current administration by asserting that though these rulings are based on
precedent, they are nonetheless an "evolution" that "may push things a little
bit on the edges." n9

   This Note examines the recent OCC rulings and finds that the questions raised
by this incremental increase in national banks' power may, but do not
necessarily, reflect the OCC's willingness to continue to expand national banks'
entry into commerce. n10 As background for the debate between the OCC and the
NAR, Section II of this Note provides the details of each of the three national
bank proposals authorized by the OCC rulings as well as the statutory authority
on which they are based. n11 Sections III and IV then discuss and evaluate the
major issues related to the approval of the luxury hotel, the mixed-use
development, and the equity interest in an LLC that will operate a windmill farm
. n12

[*185]

   II. Background

   A. Recent OCC Interpretive Letters

 Over the past two years, PNC Bank (PNC) proposed to build and own a hotel and
condominiums, Bank of America proposed to build and own a luxury hotel, and
Union Bank of California (Union Bank) proposed to own 70% of a windmill farm.
n13 In December 2005, the OCC approved each of these proposals in Interpretive
Letters 1044 (PNC Mixed-Use Development Letter), 1045 (Bank of America Hotel
Letter), and 1048 (Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter), respectively. n14
The OCC later released OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1048a to clarify the
"restrictions and limitations" associated with the transaction approved in the
Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter. n15

   1. PNC Mixed-Use Development Letter

 The OCC authorized PNC to expand its headquarters complex in downtown
Pittsburgh by adding a third office building. n16 PNC explained that it needed a
third building, with a proposed completion date of 2009, because its other two
buildings were at capacity and its leases for a substantial amount of nearby
office space would expire in 2013. n17

    [*186]  The mixed-use development of this building will include ground-level
retail stores and a restaurant, 158 hotel rooms on five floors, thirty-two
residential condominium units on four floors, and twelve floors of office space.
n18 PNC anticipates occupying 25% of the office space and 10% of the hotel rooms
on an annual basis. n19 PNC will not retain an interest in the condominiums but
intends to sell the units through an independent broker to help finance the
project. n20

   2. Bank of America Hotel Letter

 The OCC authorized Bank of America to develop a Ritz-Carlton Hotel in its
headquarters in downtown Charlotte, N.C. n21 Bank of America will construct the
hotel on a lot next to the headquarters building that it currently uses as a
parking lot. n22 Bank of America claims that the hotel is necessary to reduce
its annual lodging expenses for its visitors. n23 The hotel will have
approximately 150 rooms, n24 and Bank of America anticipates occupying 37.5% of
the rooms on an annual basis. n25

[*187]

   3. Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter

 The OCC authorized Union Bank to acquire a 70% equity stake in an LLC that will
operate a wind energy farm. n26 The LLC will acquire the windmills and an
interest in the underlying real estate. n27 Revenue for the project will come
from the sale of electricity generated by the windmills and from renewable
energy production tax credits under §45 of the Internal Revenue Code. n28 Union
Bank's equity stake is necessary to take advantage of these tax credits. n29
Union Bank will not participate in the management and operation of the company
or the sale of energy. n30

   Union Bank's financing of the LLC in the form of an equity interest is
contingent upon a full credit review of the transaction in accordance with the
bank's standard loan underwriting criteria. n31 "The bank [will] not share in
any appreciation in value of its interest in the wind energy company or any of
the company's real property or personal property assets." n32

   The LLC will repay the bank's funding in regular installments over a period
of ten years. n33 At the end of this period, Union Bank will sell its interest
at book value. n34 If the company does not perform as expected, the bank has the
option to sell its interest and can force a vote to liquidate the company. n35

[*188]

   B. Statutory Authority for OCC Approval

   1. National Banks Can Maintain an Interest in Real Estate

 In approving the proposals in the PNC Mixed-Use Development Letter and the Bank
of America Hotel Letter, the OCC relied primarily on 12 U.S.C. §29 n36 of the
National Bank Act (NBA). n37 The OCC found the banks' proposals permissible
under the first provision of §29, n38 which reads: "[a] national banking
association may purchase, hold, and convey real estate ... as shall be necessary
for its accommodation in the transaction of its business ... ." n39 With respect
to the Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter, the OCC determined that the
transaction is not prohibited under §29, since holding interests in real estate
is "an integral part of an authorized banking activity." n40

   2. National Banks Can Invest in Banking Premises

 In both the PNC and the Bank of America proposals, the OCC interpreted 12
U.S.C. §371d to establish that the banks are authorized to invest in their
respective premises. n41 Section 371d provides the following:



   No national bank ... shall invest in bank premises, or in the stock, bonds,
debentures, or other such obligations of any corporation holding the premises of
such bank, or make loans to or upon the security of any such corporation -

  [*189]

(1) unless the bank receives the prior approval of the Comptroller of the
Currency (with respect to a national bank) ... ;

   (2) unless the aggregate of all such investments and loans, together with the
amount of any indebtedness incurred by any such corporation that is an affiliate
of the bank, is less than or equal to the amount of the capital stock of such
bank ... . n42

 The OCC approved both PNC and Bank of America's proposed real estate
development projects, finding that each qualified under the second exception of
the statute as investments in their proposed bank premises. n43

   3. National Banks Have Incidental Powers Necessary to Carry on the Business
of Banking

 In approving the proposal in the Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter, the
OCC stated that 12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh) "provides national banks with broad
authority to make loans or other extensions of credit." n44 Section 24(Seventh)
states that "a national banking association ... shall have power ... . to
exercise ... all such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry on the
business of banking ... ." n45 In the letter, however, the OCC failed to state
the specific "business of banking" for which §24(Seventh)'s incidental powers
are necessary. n46

[*190]

   III. Analysis of the OCC Approval of PNC Mixed-Use Development and Bank of
America Hotel Letters

   A. Federal Regulations Regarding "Real Estate" and "Bank Premises" Apply to
PNC's and Bank of America's Proposals Because the Regulations Contain
Nonexclusive Lists

   1. Meaning of "Real Estate" Under 12 C.F.R. §7.1000

 Created by the OCC to regulate national banks' power to maintain an interest in
real estate under 12 U.S.C. §29, 12 C.F.R. §7.1000 provides that:



   [A] national bank may invest in real estate that is necessary for the
transaction of its business ... . This real estate includes: (i) Premises that
are owned and occupied (or to be occupied, if under construction) by the bank,
its branches, or its consolidated subsidiaries; (ii) Real estate acquired and
intended, in good faith, for use in future expansion;

   ... .

   (v) Property for the use of bank officers, employees, or customers, or for
the temporary lodging of such persons in areas where suitable commercial lodging
is not readily available, provided that the purchase and operation of the
property qualifies as a deductible business expense for federal tax purposes ...
. n47

 The OCC uses 12 C.F.R. §7.1000 as authority for the Bank of America Hotel
Letter by interpreting this regulation to mean that the "real estate necessary
for the accommodation of a bank's business includes real estate other than that
upon which bank office buildings are located." n48 This interpretation is based
on the  [*191]  OCC's contention that the list of enumerated examples in the
regulation is nonexclusive n49 and further, that including in the nonexclusive
list "temporary lodging" for the use of "bank officers, employees, or customers"
suggests that Bank of America's hotel for its employees should fall within the
same meaning of "real estate." n50 The OCC did not make specific findings
related to whether suitable temporary lodging was otherwise available or whether
the property qualifies as a deductible business expense for federal tax
purposes. n51 Nonetheless, the OCC contends that such limitations do not
preclude the Bank of America hotel from being considered real estate within the
meaning of this regulation since the list is nonexclusive. n52

   The NAR, however, disagrees with the OCC. n53 It claims that the list is
exclusive and that Bank of America has failed to address the two limitations
under 12 C.F.R. §7.1000(a)(2)(v), the regulatory provision that is most
applicable to the bank's proposal. n54 When this rule was proposed in 1995, it
stated that the type of real estate in which it would be acceptable for national
banks to hold an interest "included, but [was] not limited to" the enumerated
list. n55 When adopted as a final rule in 1996, the phrase  [*192]  "but is not
limited to" was deleted from the proposal. n56 The NAR contends that removal of
a phrase that expressly makes the list nonexclusive evidences a clear intent to
make the list exclusive. n57 The OCC counters that the phrase "but not limited
to" was removed because the term "includes" sufficiently conveys the intended
meaning of a nonexclusive list. n58

   The preamble from the proposed regulation supports the OCC's construction,
stating that "proposed §7.1000 provides an updated, nonexclusive list of real
estate the OCC considers as bank premises for purposes of 12 U.S.C. [§] 29." n59
While the preamble from the final regulation fails to expressly describe the
list as "nonexclusive," it does provide that "the final rule ... simplifies and
clarifies §7.1000's description of the types of real estate that may be held
pursuant to the authority granted by 12 U.S.C. [§] 29," suggesting that the list
remains nonexclusive. n60 Moreover, when the designation of whether a list is
exclusive or nonexclusive is significant enough for the OCC to express its
intent in the Federal Register, which was the case in the preamble to the
proposed regulation, n61 it follows that the OCC would also express its intent
to change such a designation in the final regulation as published in the Federal
Register. n62 Because no such change in designation was  [*193]  made, the OCC
is most likely correct in construing the list of "real estate" under 12 C.F.R.
§7.1000 as a nonexclusive list. n63

   2. Meaning of "Bank Premises" Under 12 C.F.R. §5.37

 The OCC developed 12 C.F.R. §5.37 to regulate national banks' power to invest
in banking premises under 12 U.S.C. §371d. n64 This regulation states that the
definition of bank premises "includes the following: ... premises that are owned
and occupied (or to be occupied, if under construction) by the bank, its
branches, or its consolidated subsidiaries ..." or "real estate acquired and
intended, in good faith, for use in future expansion ... ." n65

   Similar to its arguments regarding "real estate," the NAR contends that since
the phrase "includes the following" is used in the definition of "bank premises"
in 12 C.F.R. §5.37, n66 this list is also exclusive, and, as such, the OCC's use
of "bank premises" in referring to Bank of America's hotel and PNC's hotel and
condominiums is incorrect. n67 The previous "real estate" analysis providing
that the OCC most likely intended the phrase "includes the following" to be
nonexclusive, n68 coupled with the lack of conclusive legislative intent to the
contrary, n69 however, suggests that the OCC is probably also correct in
construing the list of "bank premises" under 12 C.F.R. §5.37 as a nonexclusive
list. n70

[*194]

   3. Remaining Ambiguity from the OCC's Interpretation that Hotel Ownership is
"Necessary for [a National Bank's] Accommodation"

 Even if the "real estate" list under 12 C.F.R. §7.1000 is nonexclusive, owning
a hotel must still be considered "necessary for [the] accommodation" of PNC's
and Bank of America's respective banking businesses. n71 Representatives
Kanjorski and Frank, making the distinction between owning the hotel building
and owning the hotel, state that the OCC has failed to "explain why "owning' a
hotel (as opposed to simply leasing the space to a third-party[-]owned hotel
company) is "necessary for [a national bank's] accommodation in the transaction
of its business.'" n72 In hopes of gaining further clarification from the OCC on
this issue, Kanjorski and Frank ask the OCC whether the banks will be
responsible for upfitting the space by purchasing furniture, painting the walls,
and building the pool and whether the banks will "reap the profit - or pay the
loss - if the hotel is sold or proves unsuccessful." n73 The OCC has not yet
responded to these questions. n74 Any future response the OCC provides to these
questions will help to indicate the extent to which the agency intends to allow
national banks to enter commerce. n75

   Moreover, while the OCC has permitted PNC and Bank of America to each own a
hotel in the city where its respective headquarters is located, the extent to
which the OCC will allow national banks such as PNC and Bank of America to own
hotels in other cities remains unclear. n76 In a recent interview, Julie
Williams, lead lawyer of the OCC, was asked whether the OCC would also permit
Bank of America to own hotels in other major  [*195]  places of business such as
New York, San Francisco, and Boston. n77 Ms. Williams responded, "not
necessarily, no." n78

   B. PNC and Bank of America Have the Authority to Lease and Sell Excess Bank
Premises

   1. Brown v. Schleier as Authority to Lease Excess Bank Premises Under the NBA


 The OCC's primary authority for the ability of national banks to maximize the
utility of their banking premises by leasing real estate is the Eight Circuit's
decision in Brown v. Schleier, which was affirmed by the U.S. Supreme Court. n79
The OCC cites the following excerpt from Brown in the PNC Mixed-Use Development
and Bank of America Hotel Letters:



   When an occasion arises for an investment in real property for either of the
purposes specified in the statute, the [NBA] permits banking associations to act
as any prudent person would act in making an investment in real estate, and to
exercise the same measure of judgment and discretion. The act ought not to be
construed in such a way as to compel a national bank, when it acquires real
property for a legitimate purpose, to deal with it otherwise than a prudent
landowner would ordinarily deal with such property. n80

 The agency also cites several cases and OCC decisions that cite to Brown as a
major source of authority. n81 Under this authority, the OCC has granted PNC the
ability to lease its office  [*196]  space n82 and both PNC and Bank of America
the ability to rent their hotel rooms. n83

   The NAR argues that the OCC's use of Brown with respect to both proposals
"does nothing to advance [the OCC's] position." n84 The NAR contends that while
Brown supports a bank's authority to purchase and lease "property needed for
business," it cannot be used by the OCC as authority since it does not provide a
specific percent-occupancy requirement. n85

   The issue addressed in Brown is whether a national bank exceeds its authority
under the NBA by entering into a lease of office space to a non-bank tenant. n86
The Eighth Circuit held that banks have the power to lease and purchase property
as long as they act in good faith. n87 This "good faith" requirement recognized
in Brown was originally introduced by the Supreme Court in Union National Bank
v. Matthews as a fundamental limitation under the NBA. n88 This limitation was
intended "to keep the capital of the banks flowing in the daily channels of
commerce[,] to deter them from embarking in hazardous real estate
speculations[,] and to prevent the accumulation of large masses of such property
in their hands ... ." n89

   In decisions that cite Brown, percent of bank occupancy is but one factor
used to measure good faith. n90 Contrary to the NAR's argument, the court in
Brown was not required to address the issue of percent occupancy because it had
already determined that the bank exceeded its authority under its charter; the
bank had spent three times the amount permitted by charter covenant in
developing a building. n91 Consequently, the NAR has failed to  [*197]  refute
the OCC's use of Brown as authority for the approval of the Bank of America and
PNC proposals. n92

   2. 1985 OCC Ruling as Authority to Sell Excess Bank Premises Under the NBA

 As discussed above, national banks' authority to lease under the NBA was
established by Brown. n93 In contrast to this long-standing precedent on which
the PNC approval and several other OCC rulings rely, the precedent cited by the
OCC as a national banks' authority to sell under the NBA is an OCC ruling from
1985. n94 This ruling permits national banks to sell excess commercial
condominium space and directly cites the NBA as its authority for allowing the
sale. n95

   The NAR attempts to dismiss this ruling as authority for the approval of the
PNC proposal by arguing that the office condominiums in this proposal cannot be
equated to the residential condominiums being developed by PNC. n96 The
residential character of PNC's condominiums, however, does not undermine the
authority of this ruling since other OCC rulings have authorized leasing excess
residential condominium space. n97

   The main significance in allowing PNC to sell residential condominiums is
that the sale is an integral part of financing the overall mixed-use development
project. n98 Whether the OCC's approval of this proposal suggests that the OCC
may be willing to permit the sale of any part of a mixed-use development as long
as it is necessary to finance the project, however, remains to be seen. n99

[*198]

   C. The Percent of Bank Premises to be Occupied by PNC is Within Past Case Law
Precedent but Not Within Past OCC Precedent

 Prior case law has permitted banks to occupy as little as 16.7% of the real
property, n100 while prior OCC rulings have allowed occupancy as low as 22%.
n101 The OCC is justified in relying on this cited authority, n102 but its
approval of the PNC proposal is not entirely within past precedent. n103

   1. Approval of PNC Proposal Not Entirely Within Past Precedent

 The Bank of America proposal clearly meets all of the minimum thresholds from
the cited cases and OCC rulings; n104 Bank of America expects to occupy 37.5% of
all hotel rooms on an annual basis and does not indicate any reason for delay in
occupying these rooms once development is completed. n105 The NAR rightly does
not contest this proposal on percent-occupancy grounds. n106

   In contrast, the PNC proposal does not satisfy all of these thresholds as the
OCC contends. n107 The OCC's statement that PNC will occupy 25% of its proposed
complex is incorrect. n108 PNC represents that it will occupy 25% of twelve
floors of office space, 10% of the five floors of hotel space, and 0% of the
four floors of residential condominiums. n109 The OCC argues that the  [*199]
condominiums should not be considered when determining overall percent occupancy
because once they are sold they will no longer be part of the bank premises.
n110 The OCC fails to provide OCC rulings in support of this argument and the
fact remains that the condominiums, at least initially, are part of the bank
premises. n111 Thus, using PNC's estimates, the overall percent occupancy for
its complex is 16.7%. n112 Although consistent with the threshold permitted by
case law, n113 this value is below the minimum thresholds reflected in the OCC
rulings that are used in support of the PNC proposal. n114 Assuming arguendo
that the OCC establishes precedent in support of the condominiums not being
taken into consideration, the resulting overall percent occupancy of 20.6% n115
still falls short of the minimum thresholds in the cited OCC rulings. n116

   In addition to percent occupancy not being supported by OCC precedents, the
PNC proposal provides for an occupancy timeframe that is not supported by case
law or OCC precedents. n117 The initial occupancy rates from the cited case law
and OCC rulings are at least the same as the minimum thresholds represented by
these decisions. n118 In contrast, PNC will have to wait four years from the
completion of the development before it can begin to transfer employees from
nearby office space with expiring leases. n119 Until then, PNC only anticipates
to occupy a "small" percent of the office space. n120

[*200]

   2. The NAR Attempts to Discount the Authority Cited by the OCC

 In Wingert v. First National Bank, the court established the lowest occupancy
threshold of all cited authorities - 16.7%. n121 The NAR attempts to distinguish
this decision from both proposals by claiming that Wingert requires long-term
ownership of the property in question. n122 The trade group contends that
neither Bank of America nor PNC has met this condition. n123 The NAR bases this
argument on the court's framing of the issue in Wingert as



   simply a question whether or not the bank which is and has been for many
years the rightful owner of a lot of ground improved by its bank building can
alter and enlarge the improvement on it so as to furnish better accommodation
for the business of the bank and at the same time provide offices which can be
rented to tenants. n124

 The OCC responded by contending that the discussion of "longstanding" ownership
in Wingert was irrelevant to the court's holding with respect to 12 U.S.C. §29.
n125 In support, the agency refers to the court's discussion of the second
complaint in the case, which involves a violation of §29 but fails to mention
"longstanding" ownership. n126

   The Wingert court cites Brown as authority for a banks' ability to improve
land purchased or leased in accordance with the  [*201]  NBA. n127 Thus, the
court should also be aware of the good-faith requirement discussed in Brown.
n128 In framing the issue of the case, the court is presumably providing that
the good-faith requirement has been met such that the issue "is ... simply a
question whether or not the bank ... can alter and enlarge the improvement on
[its land] so as to furnish better accommodation for the business of the bank
and the same time provide offices which can be rented to tenants." n129 It
characterizes the bank as "the rightful owner" of the land "for many years" to
emphasize that the bank's acts are not speculative. n130 The court further
provides that if the bank were "about to purchase real estate with the purpose
of erecting ... [a] building as a business enterprise," such an act would be
speculative, and consequently not in good faith. n131

   The court's treatment of good faith in Wingert suggests that the period of
time that a bank holds the land to be developed can indicate whether a bank's
intentions are speculative. n132 Contrary to the NAR's argument, however, it
does not create a requirement that the property must be "long held" before it
can be developed. n133 Thus, Wingert's 16.7% threshold supports the OCC's
approval of the PNC and Bank of America proposals, and the NAR has failed to
make a successful distinction. n134

   In addition to attempting to distinguish the recent OCC's rulings from
Wingert, the NAR also attempts to dismiss the OCC ruling with the lowest
occupancy threshold. n135 The NAR argues that this OCC ruling cannot be relied
on as "longstanding OCC precedent" since it was issued April 1, 2005. n136 The
OCC argues that this ruling has value as OCC precedent because it is based on
[*202]  and consistent with the long-standing precedent of Brown, Wingert, and
Wirtz. n137

   Assuming arguendo that the OCC ruling has value as precedent even though it
is not long-standing, the value that the precedent provides is probably not what
the OCC intended. n138 The OCC's selection of this ruling and another OCC ruling
as authority for banks' occupancy thresholds, coupled with its approval of the
PNC proposal, suggests a recent downward trend in such thresholds. n139 The
rulings cited by the OCC are dated December 15, 1998, and April 1, 2005, and
have thresholds of 25% and 22% respectively. n140 In addition to supporting that
the OCC is acting outside of OCC precedents that established a lower limit of
22% occupancy, the PNC Mixed-Use Development Letter, issued nearly eight months
after the most recent OCC precedent, suggests a continued willingness by the OCC
to lower the occupancy threshold. n141 This apparent trend provides valuable
insight into the OCC's potential courses of action in the future. n142

   Allowing banks to occupy a lower percent of the overall space and also to
sell part of a mixed-use development to finance the overall project suggest that
the OCC is creating greater incentives and opportunities for national banks to
enter the commercial real estate market. n143 While these recent rulings  [*203]
represent only a small step in this direction, continued expansion of banks'
entry into commerce may have serious consequences. n144 With "access to cheaper
capital," banks would have the ability to dominate brokerage markets. n145
Additionally, encouraging national banks to maintain an even higher percentage
of loans in the "volatile commercial real-estate market" would impair overall
bank capital when the economy slows. n146

   IV. Analysis of Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter

   A. Unclear Whether Union Bank Has Specific Authority to Make "Loans and Other
Extensions of Credit" Under 12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh)

 For 12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh)'s incidental power to be authorized, it must be
"necessary to carry on the business of banking." n147 The statute provides a
nonexclusive list of the types of banking activities for which incidental powers
might be necessary. n148 In the Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter, the OCC
failed to state the specific "business of banking" for which the incidental
powers in question were necessary. n149 The agency focuses on §24(Seventh) as
authority for "loans or other extensions of credit," but its use of the phrase
"part of, or incidental to, the business of banking" makes it unclear whether
the OCC is treating Union Bank's investment as part of the business of banking
or incidental to it. n150 Assuming that the OCC is treating the investment as
part of the business of banking, "loaning money on personal security" is the
banking activity from this list that is most relevant to the Union Bank
proposal." n151

    [*204]  In addition to §24(Seventh), the OCC also appears to rely on 12
U.S.C. §371(a). n152 The OCC's use of the phrase "loans or [] extensions of
credit," n153 which is contained in §371(a) but not in §24(Seventh), suggests
that the OCC may be relying on §371(a) to authorize §24(Seventh)'s incidental
power. n154 Establishing that national banks can secure loans with real
property, §371(a) reads as follows:



   Any national banking association may make, arrange, purchase or sell loans or
extensions of credit secured by liens on interests in real estate, subject to
section 18(o) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act [12 U.S.C. §1828(o)] and such
restrictions and requirements as the Comptroller of the Currency may prescribe
by regulation or order. n155

 Applying §371(a) to the Union Bank proposal, "loaning money on personal
security" under §24(Seventh) would specifically refer to a national banks' power
under §371(a) to "make ... loans or extensions of credit secured by liens on
interests in real estate." n156

   If the OCC is treating "loans or other extensions of credit" as part of the
business of banking, Union Bank's investment must be characterized as a loan or
sufficiently equivalent to a loan to rely on §24(Seventh) and §371(a). n157
Additionally, Union Bank's security of its investment must be characterized as a
lien on an interest in real estate or sufficiently equivalent to such in order
to be permissible pursuant to §371(a). n158 In the Union Bank Wind Farm
Investment Letter, the OCC discusses several measures that Union Bank uses to
secure its investment, such as the ability to  [*205]  force a vote to liquate
the company; n159 however, none of these measures can be considered the
equivalent of a lien. n160 Thus, any use of §371(a) by the OCC in support of the
Union Bank proposal is incorrect, and the specific authority to which 12 U.S.C.
§24(Seventh)'s incidental power is pursuant is lacking. n161

   B. Union Bank's Equity Interest in a Wind Farm LLC is Not Equivalent to a
Loan

   1. The LLC is Contractually Obligated to Repay Principal and its Obligation
is Conditioned on Profits

 The NAR cites OCC authority that loans or other extensions of credit in
§24(Seventh) must require the borrower to be contractually obligated to repay
principal and that such an obligation cannot be conditioned on profits. n162 The
trade group contends that the OCC's ruling in the Union Bank Wind Farm
Investment Letter fails to meet these requirements, since the borrower is not
obligated to repay principal and since the bank receives payments based on
revenues from the project and tax credits. n163

   The OCC contends that the terms of the financing approved in the Union Bank
Wind Farm Investment Letter "provide[] assurances of repayment that are
functionally equivalent to those in a production payment loan transaction." n164
A federally permitted production payment loan is secured by a collateral
interest in an oil or gas reserve, which is intended to produce the revenue to
repay the loan. n165 Reframing the NAR's argument, n166 the OCC states that the
"key point in production  [*206]  payment lending is not whether the bank has
imposed an express legal obligation to repay, but rather[,] whether the bank has
obtained adequate contractual rights and performed adequate reviews to determine
that its loan is likely to be repaid." n167

   The OCC further contends that Union Bank's investment has met these
conditions. n168 The OCC claims that the agreement entitling Union Bank to 70%
of the LLC's revenue and tax credits, coupled with the assurances of standard
representations and warranties, conditions that must be met before receipt of
funding, and covenants providing access to financial information and
restrictions on the LLC's actions, provide adequate contractual rights. n169
Additionally, the OCC argues that the full credit review required by the bank
pursuant to its standard underwriting criteria constitutes an adequate review to
determine the likelihood of repayment. n170

   Regarding the NAR's argument that the borrower's repayment obligation cannot
be conditioned on profits, n171 the OCC clarifies that banks are allowed to
receive profit as repayment as long as the repayment is a scheduled amount that
is not subject to profit swings. n172 The OCC states that Union Bank is allowed
to take profit from the LLC as repayment since the obligation to repay "would
not be conditioned upon the value of the profit, income, or earnings of the
LLC." n173

   The contractual rights obtained and risk review performed by Union Bank
suggest that it has secured its investment by relying on many of the same
assurances that banks normally use in securing loans. n174 Additionally, Union
Bank's requirement of a  [*207]  payment schedule to ensure regular returns n175
suggests that its returns will be structured similar to those of a loan. n176
Nevertheless, as discussed in the following section, the OCC's characterization
of Union Bank's investment as a loan equivalent falls short in regards to the
bank's ability to guarantee recovery in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution.
n177

   2. Even Considering Substance over Form, Union Bank Has Not Structured its
Equity Interest to Guarantee a Recovery Priority Similar to that of a Loan

 The OCC argues that because the bank's interest, although equity, is "patterned
after a typical debt transaction," it can be considered a loan that falls within
banks' "broad authority" under §24(Seventh). n178 The OCC rulings relied upon to
justify Union Bank's equity investment n179 all involve transactions where the
substance of the transaction was given more importance than the form. n180 In
each of these decisions, the OCC found the transaction was substantively
equivalent to "an extension of credit that is permissible for national banks."
n181 The substantive aspect of each transaction was deemed to "prevail over the
form in which it had been cast." n182 The form of each transaction required the
bank to hold an interest in real estate to take advantage of tax credits. n183
Since Union Bank's transaction involves the same substance and form as these
transactions, the OCC contends that the bank's  [*208]  transaction "fits the
definition of [a] loan or other extension of credit in §24(Seventh)." n184

   The NAR distinguishes the OCC rulings cited to justify Union Bank's equity
investment from the Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter because the prior
approvals involved loans or leases, while the Union Bank Wind Farm Investment
Letter only involved equity without any accompanying obligations. n185 The OCC
concedes that the prior approvals it relied upon included loans but emphasized
that the relevance of these decisions was that they also involved "equity-type"
interests. n186 One transaction involved a 99% interest in an LLC, and the other
involved working interests in gas leases. n187 More importantly, these interests
were an integral part of these transactions, since they were necessary to
receive the tax credits as a major part of the financing of the respective
projects. n188 Similarly, Union Bank's transaction requires an equity-type
interest to receive tax credits as a major part of the project's financing. n189

   In accordance with the OCC's substance-over-form argument, the fact that the
form of the Union Bank transaction fails to include a loan does not, on its
face, mean that the transaction is outside the substantive precedent established
by these OCC rulings. n190 According to representatives Kanjorski and Frank,
however, one key substantive difference that the OCC fails to sufficiently
address is the bank's priority in the event that the LLC is dissolved or enters
into bankruptcy proceedings of the borrowers. n191 Since the transactions in the
previous OCC rulings involve loans, the creditors, including the banks, would be
given  [*209]  priority over the shareholders in bankruptcy proceedings. n192 On
the other hand, because Union Bank only has an equity interest in the
transaction, it would have to stand behind creditors in a bankruptcy proceeding.
n193 Union Bank would thus have less entitlement to a recovery than if it had
been a creditor. n194 This difference in recovery between the Union Bank
transaction and a typical loan is significant and jeopardizes the
characterization of the transaction as a loan. n195

   Union Bank's ability to force a vote for the dissolution of the LLC, coupled
with its controlling 70% interest in the company, suggests that the bank, if
necessary, would be able to force liquidation outside of bankruptcy to guarantee
a higher priority than that under bankruptcy. n196 Even in such an event,
however, Union Bank's priority may still be lower than the priority guaranteed
to the banks in the OCC rulings under bankruptcy law. n197 For example, if the
bank had negotiated a liquidation preference, its priority would still be higher
than that of the other shareholders. n198 The Union Bank Wind Farm Investment
Letter makes no mention of the bank being granted such a preference. n199
Further jeopardizing the characterization of the transaction as a loan, Union
Bank's priority in the event that the LLC is dissolved is lower than the
priority guaranteed to the banks under bankruptcy proceedings in the cited OCC
rulings. n200

    [*210]  In approving a pure equity transaction, the OCC has approved a form
of transaction outside of OCC precedent that has formerly always involved a
loan. n201 More importantly, since Union Bank has failed to structure the equity
interest to guarantee a recovery priority similar to that of debt, the OCC has
approved a substantive transaction that is also outside OCC precedent. n202 Such
findings suggest that Union Bank's equity interest may not be sufficiently
"patterned after a typical debt transaction" to be considered a loan under
§24(Seventh) and §371(a). n203

   C. Implications of Union Bank Holding an Equity Interest in a Wind Farm as
"an Integral Part of an Authorized Banking Activity"

 The OCC rulings in support of the interpretation that an equity interest in a
wind farm is "an integral part of an authorized banking activity" n204 involve
transactions where the bank's acquisition of real estate was considered an
integral part of the respective transactions. n205 One OCC decision involved a
bank's investment in rehabilitating historic property to take advantage of tax
credits. n206 Two other OCC determinations concerned a bank's acquisition of
working interests in natural gas leases that received tax credits and were
operated by the borrower. n207

   Taking advantage of tax credits is deemed essential to financing since it
allows the banks in each of these transactions to "reduce[] the costs of
financing ... while providing an appropriate yield to the bank." n208 In the
case of the wind farm investment, Union Bank was required to hold an interest in
real estate for ten years to take advantage of tax credits. n209 Consequently,
the OCC  [*211]  contends that Union Bank's transaction is not prohibited under
12 U.S.C. §29 since holding such interests is "an integral part of an authorized
banking activity." n210 Janet Seiberg, an analyst with the Stanford Washington
Research Group, n211 raised the major implication of this OCC approval, stating
that "this [OCC ruling] allows a bank to be involved in the electricity business
... . If you can do this for wind, why can't you do it for anything else?" n212
Indeed, the OCC's approval in the Union Bank Wind Farm Investment Letter seems
to reflect the potential for national banks to expand into new areas of
commerce. n213

   V. Conclusion

 Regarding its statutory authority for the PNC and Bank of America proposals,
the OCC is probably correct in construing the list of "real estate" under 12
C.F.R. §7.1000 and "bank premises" under 12 C.F.R. §5.37 as nonexclusive lists.
n214 Even if the PNC and Bank of America proposals fall within these
regulations, however, they must still satisfy the requirements of the statutes
on which these regulations are based. n215 Representatives Kanjorski and Frank
question whether owning the hotel, as opposed to the hotel building, can be
considered "necessary for [the] accommodation" of each bank's business under 12
U.S.C. §29. n216 Further, the extent to which the OCC will permit national banks
to own hotels in non-headquarter cities also remains unclear. n217

   Concerning the precedent cited by the OCC in support of these same proposals,
the OCC relies on long-standing decisions in support of a national banks'
authority to lease excess bank  [*212]  premises and occupy 16.7% of the bank
premises. n218 Other aspects of the OCC's approval of the PNC and Bank of
America proposals suggest that the OCC has stepped and may further step outside
its own precedent. n219 Allowing PNC to sell residential condominiums as an
integral part of financing the mixed-use development suggests that the OCC may
be willing to permit the sale of any part of a mixed-use development as long as
it is necessary to finance the project. n220 Additionally, the OCC has
authorized a percent occupancy of 16.7% for the PNC proposal, which is not only
outside of past precedent, n221 but when viewed with other recent OCC rulings,
suggests a willingness by the OCC to continue to lower this occupancy threshold.
n222 In allowing banks to occupy a lower percent of the overall space and to
sell part of a mixed-use development to finance the overall project, the OCC is
creating greater incentives and opportunities for national banks to enter the
commercial development market with potentially serious consequences for the
financial industry and economy as a whole. n223

   Regarding its statutory authority for the Union Bank proposal, the OCC failed
to state the specific "business of banking" for which §24(Seventh)'s incidental
powers are necessary. n224 Regardless of whether the OCC has authorized this
power pursuant to another statute, however, Union Bank has failed to structure
its equity interest to guarantee a recovery priority similar to that of a loan.
n225 Thus, Union Bank's equity interest may not be sufficiently "patterned after
a typical debt transaction" to be considered a permissible loan for national
banks under §24(Seventh). n226

   The OCC's approval of the Union Bank proposal also raises significant
questions regarding national banks' ability to  [*213]  hold property and take
an equity interest in a company. n227 Permitting a national bank to hold a real
estate interest for ten years because it is required to receive tax credits
suggests that other banks may hold similar and possibly more extensive real
estate interests as long as it is tied to a tax credit. n228 Additionally,
allowing a national bank to take an equity stake in an electricity business begs
that question: what other industries is the OCC willing to allow banks to enter?
n229

   The NAR's belief that these rulings indicate the OCC has "set in motion a
process that will inevitably lead to national banks becoming actively involved
in real estate development and brokerage activities" n230 may overstate the
incremental step that these decisions currently represent. n231 The OCC rulings
do, however, raise and leave unanswered many questions regarding the future of
national bank involvement in commerce. n232 Continued analysis of OCC rulings
will be necessary to determine whether the consequences that the NAR fears are
in fact on the mark. n233


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ExpansionMergersBanking LawDirectors & OfficersGeneral
OverviewBanking LawNational BanksAffiliates & Subsidiaries

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1045, at 1 (Dec. 5, 2005) [hereinafter Hotel
Letter].





n2.  OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1044, at 1-2 (Dec. 5, 2005) [hereinafter
Mixed-Use Letter].





n3.  OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1048, at 1-2 (Dec. 21, 2005) [hereinafter Wind
Farm Letter].





n4.  NAR is a trade group for realtors with a mission of making its members more
"profitable and successful" through lobbying and research efforts. See
Realtor.org, NAR Overview,
http://www.realtor.org/realtororg.nsf/pages/NAROverview?Open Document.





n5.  Letter from Thomas M. Stevens, President of NAR, to John C. Dugan,
Comptroller of the Currency, at 1-2 (Jan. 27, 2006), available at
http://www.realtor.org/banks and commerce.nsf/docfiles/L-06Jan-dugan.pdf/$ FILE/
L-06Jan-dugan.pdf [hereinafter NAR Letter 1 to OCC] ("OCC actions represent a
marked departure from what is permitted by the National Bank Act, the OCC's
regulations and previous OCC rulings regarding the types of real estate
activities in which national banks may engage.").





n6.  Christopher Conkey, Politics and Economics: Democrats' Consumer Crusade -
-- Congressional Wrangling May Limit Scope of Overhauls, Wall St. J., Dec. 16,
2006, at A4.





n7.  See Press Release, House Financial Services Committee (Democrats),
Kanjorski and Frank Seek Clarification on OCC Interpretive Letters (Jun. 27,
2006), available at http://financialservices.house.gov/pr06272006b.html
[hereinafter House Press Release]. Representative Frank plans to hold hearings
regarding the OCC rulings in the new Congress. Bank of America Announces Plans
for Office-Hotel Complex in Charlotte, Bureau of Nat'l Affairs Banking Report,
Nov. 13, 2006, at 721.





n8.  OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1053, at 1 (Jan. 31, 2006) [hereinafter OCC
Response to NAR Letter 1]. As a related issue, the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System and the Secretary of the Treasury drafted a proposal to
seek comment on whether "financial holding companies and financial subsidiaries
of national banks" should be allowed to engage in real estate brokerage. Bank
Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control [and] Financial Subsidiaries, 66
Fed. Reg. 307, 307 (proposed Jan. 3, 2001) (to be codified at 12 C.F.R. pts. 225
& 1501); see also Jabari M. Vaughn, Note, Achieving the American Dream: May
Financial Holding Companies Engage in Real Estate Brokerage?, 9 N.C. Banking
Inst. 443, 446 (2005).





n9.  Barbara A. Rehm, Firm, But Not Specific, On Banks in Real Estate, Am.
Banker, Jan. 23, 2006, at 2 (noting comments by Jerry Hawke, Comptroller from
1998 to 2004).





n10.  See infra notes 13-233 and accompanying text.





n11.  See infra notes 13-46 and accompanying text.





n12.  See infra notes 47-213 and accompanying text.





n13.  Rob Blackwell, JPM Pulls Application for Energy Project: Realtors Claim
Victory, Am. Banker, Mar. 8, 2006, at 2.





n14.  Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 1; Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 1;
Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 1. The names of the banks were redacted when
the OCC published these Interpretive Letters but subsequent news reports have
indicated the identity of the banks. See Barbara A. Rehm, OCC Moved the Line on
Realty in UBOC Letter, Am. Banker, Jan. 11, 2006, at 1 (naming Union Bank of
California (Union Bank)); Michael Schroeder, Banks Might Widen Real-Estate Role,
Wall St. J., Jan. 9, 2006, at A3 (naming PNC Financial Services Group and Bank
of America).





n15.  OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1048a, at 1 (Feb. 27, 2006) [hereinafter Wind
Farm Letter Clarification].





n16.  Rob Blackwell & Barbara A. Rehm, OCC Weighs JPMorgan Bid to Invest in Oil,
Gas: Senate Banking Seeks Documents Related to Application, Am. Banker, Mar. 3,
2006, at 2.





n17.  Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 1-2 (noting that 100% of its first
headquarter building and 92% of its second headquarter building are occupied).
PNC further provides that mixed-use development is required for the proposed
building because it is necessary to finance the project in the downtown market
and it will help rejuvenate the downtown area since the development will take
place on lots that currently have run-down buildings. Id. at 3.





n18.  Id. at 2.





n19.  Id. The bank represents that it will not operate the hotel but will
contract with a national hotel management company to run the "day-to-day"
operations. Id.





n20.  Id. at 2-3.





n21.  Blackwell & Rehm, supra note 16, at 2.





n22.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 1. Bank of America will remain the sole
owner of all real estate and improvements associated with the development but
will hire an independent contractor to build the hotel and will contract with a
national hotel management company to run the operations. Id.





n23.  Id. at 1-2 (providing as justification that Bank of America required
72,000 business nights for its visitors in Charlotte in 2004).





n24.  Id. at 2. Bank of America chose to develop the hotel with 150 rooms
because that is the smallest number of rooms that a national hotel management
company will operate and because it expects its visitors at times will occupy
significantly more than 50% of all rooms. Id.





n25.  Id.





n26.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 1.





n27.  Id. at 2. The LLC will also be responsible for the management and
operation of the company. Id.





n28.  Id. at 1. See 26 U.S.C. §45 (2000).





n29.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2.





n30.  Wind Farm Letter Clarification, supra note 14, at 1.





n31.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2.





n32.  Wind Farm Letter Clarification, supra note 14, at 1.





n33.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2. The ten-year holding period is
necessary to take advantage of revenues generated by the tax credits. Id.





n34.  Wind Farm Letter Clarification, supra note 14, at 2.





n35.  Id. at 1-2.





n36.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 1; Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 1.





n37.  See 12 U.S.C. §38 (2000) (listing 12 U.S.C. §29 as one of several statutes
that are collectively known as the NBA).





n38.  Id.





n39.  12 U.S.C. §29 (2000).





n40.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 6-7. The OCC cites Corporate Decision
No. 99-07 and Corporate Decision No. 98-17 as authority for this proposition.
Id. at 6.





n41.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 2 n.1; Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 2
n.1.





n42.  12 U.S.C. §371d (2000).





n43.  See Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 2 n.1 (providing that aggregate
investment in PNC's premises was approximately $ 1.2 billion, and its capital
and surplus was approximately $ 6.3 billion); Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 2
n.1 (stating that aggregate investment in Bank of America's premises was
approximately $ 6.7B, and that its capital and surplus was approximately $
102B). Further, since each can qualify their respective investments under the
second exception, there is no requirement that they receive prior approval of
the Comptroller of the Currency under the first exception. Id.





n44.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2.





n45.  12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh) (2000).





n46.  See Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3.





n47.  12 C.F.R. §7.1000 (2000) (emphasis added).





n48.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 2.





n49.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 4. As additional support
for its statutory interpretation of 12 C.F.R. §7.1000, the OCC refers to 60 Fed.
Reg. 11,924, 11,925 (Mar. 3, 1995) (preamble to proposed rule) and 61 Fed. Reg.
4849, 4850 (Feb. 9, 1996) (preamble to final rule). Id. The preamble from the
proposed regulation states that "proposed §7.1000 provides an updated,
nonexclusive list of real estate the OCC considers as bank premises for purposes
of 12 U.S.C. [§] 29." Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations
Regarding Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 60 Fed. Reg.
11,924, 11,925 (proposed Mar. 3, 1995) (to be codified at 12 C.F.R. pt. 7.1000)
(emphasis added).





n50.  See Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 2 n.2.





n51.  See OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8; Letter from Julie L.
Williams, First Senior Deputy Comptroller and Chief Counsel OCC, to Thomas M.
Stevens, President of NAR (March 2, 2006) [hereinafter OCC Response to NAR
Letter 2] (citing "proposed section 7.1000 provides an updated, nonexclusive
list of real estate the OCC considers as bank premises for purposes of 12 U.S.C.
[§] 29" from 60 Fed. Reg. 11,924) (on file with N.C. Banking Inst.).





n52.  See OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 4.





n53.  See Letter from Thomas M. Stevens, President of NAR, to Julie L. Williams,
First Senior Deputy Comptroller and Chief Counsel OCC, at 5-6 (Feb. 16, 2006),
available at http://www.realtor.org/banks and
commerce.nsf/docfiles/L-06Feb-williams.pdf/$ FILE/L-06Feb-williams.pdf
[hereinafter NAR Letter 2 to OCC].





n54.  Id.





n55.  See Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations Regarding
Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 60 Fed. Reg. 11,924,
11,934 (proposed Mar. 3, 1995) (to be codified at 12 C.F.R. pt. 7.1000).





n56.  See Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations Regarding
Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 61 Fed. Reg. 4849,
4862 (proposed Feb. 9, 1996) (to be codified at 12 C.F.R. pt. 7.1000).





n57.  NAR Letter 2 to OCC, supra note 53, at 6.





n58.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 2, supra note 51, at 4 (citing "proposed
section 7.1000 provides an updated, nonexclusive list of real estate the OCC
considers as bank premises for purposes of 12 U.S.C. [§] 29" from 60 Fed. Reg.
11,924).





n59.  See Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations Regarding
Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 60 Fed. Reg. at 11,925
(emphasis added).





n60.  See Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations Regarding
Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 61 Fed. Reg. at 4850
(emphasis added).





n61.  See Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations Regarding
Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 60 Fed. Reg. at
11,925.





n62.  See Consolidation and Simplification of Current Regulations Regarding
Permissible Ownership of Real Property by National Banks, 61 Fed. Reg. at 4850.





n63.  See supra notes 53-61 and accompanying text.





n64.  See 12 C.F.R. §5.37 (2000).





n65.  Id.





n66.  Id.





n67.  NAR Letter 2 to OCC, supra note 53, at 6 (referring to 61 Fed. Reg. 60,342
(Nov. 27, 1996)).





n68.  See supra notes 53-63 and accompanying text.





n69.  See Definition of Bank Premises in which National Banks May Invest, 61
Fed. Reg. 60,342, 60,355 (Nov. 27, 1996) (to be codified at 12 C.F.R. pt. 5.37).





n70.  See supra notes 53-61 and accompanying text.





n71.  12 U.S.C. §29 (2000).





n72.  House Press Release, supra note 7.





n73.  Id.





n74.  See House Financial Services Committee - Democrats, Press Releases,
http://financialservices.house.gov/press2006.html (posting response from OCC
dated May 10, 2006, regarding an earlier letter but not the most recent letter
from Representatives Kanjorski and Frank).





n75.  See House Press Release, supra note 7.





n76.  Rehm, supra note 9, at 3.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 3; Mixed-Use Letter, supra 2, at 3-4.





n80.  Brown v. Schleier, 118 F. 981, 984 (8th Cir. 1902), aff'd, 194 U.S. 18
(1904).





n81.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 2, supra note 51, at 3.





n82.  Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 3-4.





n83.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 3; Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 3-4.





n84.  NAR Letter 2 to OCC, supra note 53, at 4.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Brown v. Schleier, 118 F. 981, 983 (8th Cir. 1902), aff'd, 194 U.S. 18
(1904).





n87.  Id.





n88.  Union Nat'l Bank v. Matthews, 98 U.S. 621, 626 (1879).





n89.  Id.





n90.  See, e.g., Wingert v. First Nat'l Bank, 175 F. 739, 741 (4th Cir. 1909)
(suggesting that good faith is not purchasing real estate for the purpose of
entering into a business venture), appeal dismissed, 223 U.S. 670, 672 (1912).





n91.  Brown v. Schleier, 118 F. at 986.





n92.  See supra notes 84-91 and accompanying text.





n93.  See, e.g., Wingert v. First Nat'l Bank, 175 F. at 741.





n94.  OCC Interpretive Letter, at 1 (Aug. 14, 1985).





n95.  Id.





n96.  NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 6.





n97.  OCC Interpretive Letter, at 1 (Jan. 21, 1993); OCC Interpretive Letter, at
1 (July 8, 1993).





n98.  Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 3.





n99.  See Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 4 (citing OCC Interpretive Letter
(Aug. 14, 1985) as authority for national banks to sell condominiums, but
without discussing the extent to which such sales are considered necessary as
part of financing the overall development).





n100.  See Wingert v. First Nat'l Bank, 175 F. 739, 740 (4th Cir. 1909)
(permitting a bank to occupy one of six floors of an office building), appeal
dismissed, 223 U.S. 670, 672 (1912); see also, Wirtz v. First Nat'l Bank & Trust
Co., 365 F.2d 641, 642 (10th Cir. 1966) (allowing a bank to occupy 20.7% of an
office complex).





n101.  OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1034, at 2 (Apr. 1, 2005); see also OCC
Conditional Approval No. 298, at 6 (Dec. 15, 1998) (permitting bank to occupy
"at least" 25% of office complex).





n102.  See infra notes 127-34, 140-41 and accompanying text.





n103.  See infra notes 107-16 and accompanying text.





n104.  See supra notes 100-103 and accompanying text.





n105.  Hotel Letter, supra note 1, at 2.





n106.  See NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 4-5; NAR Letter 2 to OCC, supra
note 53, at 2-7.





n107.  See infra notes 108-16 and accompanying text.





n108.  See infra notes 109-16 and accompanying text..





n109.  Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 2.





n110.  See OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 5-6.





n111.  See id.; OCC Response to NAR Letter 2, supra note 51.





n112.  See supra note 109 and accompanying text (occupying 3.5 out of twenty-one
total floors yields 16.7% occupancy).





n113.  See Wingert v. First Nat'l Bank, 175 F. 739, 740 (4th Cir. 1909), appeal
dismissed, 223 U.S. 670, 672 (1912).





n114.  See supra note 101 and accompanying text.





n115.  See supra note 109 and accompanying text (occupying 3.5 out of seventeen
floors yields 20.6% occupancy).





n116.  See supra note 101 and accompanying text.





n117.  Compare infra note 118 and accompanying text (providing lowest initial
occupancy of 16.7%), with infra notes 119-20 and accompanying text (providing
initial occupancy of less than 16.7%).





n118.  See supra notes 100-101 and accompanying text.





n119.  Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 1-2 (providing 2009 as expected
completion date and 2013 as the year when leases would begin expiring in
surrounding office space).





n120.  Id. at 2.





n121.  See supra notes 100-101 and accompanying text.





n122.  See infra notes 123-34 and accompanying text.





n123.  See NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 4-5 (providing that Wingert is
distinguishable from the Bank of America proposal); NAR Letter 2 to OCC, supra
note 53, at 3-4 (providing that Wingert is distinguishable from the PNC
proposal).





n124.  NAR Letter 2 to OCC, supra note 53, at 4 (quoting Wingert v. First Nat'l
Bank, 175 F. 739, 741 (4th Cir. 1909), appeal dismissed, 223 U.S. 670, 672
(1912)) (emphasis added).





n125.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 2-3.





n126.  Id. at 3. Even if "longstanding" ownership were a requirement, the OCC
contends Bank of America and PNC would satisfy this requirement. OCC Response to
NAR Letter 2, supra note 51, at 2 (noting that PNC has held its property since
1982 and 1998 and Bank of America has held its property since 1994).





n127.  Wingert v. First Nat'l Bank, 175 F. 739, 741 (4th Cir. 1909), appeal
dismissed, 223 U.S. 670, 672 (1912).





n128.  See Brown v. Schleier, 118 F. 981, 984 (8th Cir. 1902), aff'd, 194 U.S.
18 (1904).





n129.  Wingert v. First Nat'l Bank, 175 F. at 741.





n130.  Id.





n131.  Id.





n132.  See supra notes 130-31 and accompanying text.





n133.  See supra notes 127-31 and accompanying text.





n134.  See supra notes 121, 123-24, 127-33 and accompanying text.





n135.  See NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 6.





n136.  Id.





n137.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 5.





n138.  See infra notes 139-42 and accompanying text.





n139.  See Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 1, 4 n. 9 (approving the PNC
proposal and citing OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1034 (Apr. 1, 2005) and OCC
Conditional Approval No. 298 (Dec. 15, 1998) as authority for bank to lease 78%
and 75% of space in bank premises, respectively).





n140.  See OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1034, supra note 101, at 2; OCC
Conditional Approval No. 298, supra note 101, at 6.





n141.  See supra notes 101, 112, 140 and accompanying text.





n142. . See Mixed-Use Letter, supra note 2, at 1, 4 n. 9 (approving the PNC
proposal and citing OCC Interpretive Letter No. 1034 (Apr. 1, 2005) and OCC
Conditional Approval No. 298 (Dec. 15, 1998) as authority for bank to lease 78%
and 75% of space in bank premises, respectively).





n143.  See Will Banks Become Land Developers?, CNNMoney.com, Jan. 9, 2006,
http://money.cnn.com/2006/01/09/news/companies/banks real estat e/index.htm
(describing the OCC's approval of the PNC and Bank of America projects as "a
move that could make it easier for banks to compete within the commercial real
estate market[, since i]n the past, banks were only allowed to develop
commercial real estate if the buildings were to be predominantly occupied by
employees doing bank business."); see also Schroeder, supra note 14 ("Big
national banks are potentially major players in the commercial real-estate
market based on the powers the OCC has just granted.") (quoting Karen Shaw
Petrou, managing partner at a Washington consulting firm).





n144.  See infra notes 145-46 and accompanying text.





n145.  Schroeder, supra note 14.





n146.  Id.





n147.  12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh) (2000).





n148.  Id.





n149.  See Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 1-3.





n150.  Id. at 2.





n151.  See 12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh) (2000).





n152.  See Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2-3.





n153.  Id. at 2.





n154.  See 12 U.S.C. §371(a) (2000); 12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh) (2000).





n155.  12 U.S.C. §371(a) (2000) (emphasis added).





n156.  See 12 U.S.C. §371(a) (2000); 12 U.S.C. §24(Seventh) (2000).





n157.  See supra note 156. This issue is addressed in the following section. See
infra notes 162-203 and accompanying text.





n158.  12 U.S.C. §371(a) (2000).





n159.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2.





n160.  See, e.g., Bloomberg.com, Financial Glossary, http://www.bloomberg.com/
invest/ glossary/bfglosl.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2007) (defining a lien as "a
security interest in one or more assets that lenders hold in exchange for
secured debt financing").





n161.  See supra notes 152-60 and accompanying text.





n162.  NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 7.





n163.  Id.





n164.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 9.





n165.  Id. at 8.





n166.  See NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 7.





n167.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 9 (citing "borrower's
obligation to repay principal ... may not be conditioned upon the value of the
profit, income, or earnings of the business enterprise" from 12 C.F.R. §7.1006).





n168.  Id.





n169.  Id. at 8-9.





n170.  Id. at 9.





n171.  NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 7.





n172.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 9.





n173.  Id.





n174.  See Q&A Session with John Dugan, Comptroller of the Currency, Carolina
Banker, Winter 2006, at 15 ("The bank underwrote the transaction in the same way
that it would underwrite a comparable extension of credit to the LLC.").





n175.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2.





n176.  See Q&A Session with John Dugan, Comptroller of the Currency, supra note
174, at 15 ("While the bank's financing took the form of an interest in the LLC
in order to utilize tax credits, it was structured to be substantially identical
to a loan transaction.").





n177.  See infra notes 175-203 and accompanying text.





n178.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2. The OCC may be using §24(Seventh)
pursuant to 12 U.S.C. §371(a). See supra notes 153-54.





n179.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 3.





n180.  See OCC Corporate Decision No. 99-07, at 1 (Mar. 26, 1999) (involving
construction loans); OCC Corporate Decision No. 98-17, at 1 (Mar. 23, 1998)
(involving leases).





n181.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 3.





n182.  Id.





n183.  Id.





n184.  Id.





n185.  NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 7 (referring to OCC Corporate
Decision No. 99-07, which involved construction loans, and OCC Corporate
Decision No. 98-17, which involved leases).





n186.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 7.





n187.  Id. (referring to OCC Corporate Decision No. 99-07, which involved a 99%
interest in an LLC, and OCC Corporate Decision No. 98-17, which involved working
interests in gas leases).





n188.  Id.





n189.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 1.





n190.  See OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 7.





n191.  See House Press Release, supra note 7.





n192.  See John C. McCoid, II, Discharge: The Most Important Development in
Bankruptcy History, 70 Am. Bankr. L.J. 163, 187 (1996) (discussing the case law
origin of the absolute priority rule, where the Supreme Court held that
creditors had a valid claim if shareholders received proceeds before creditors).





n193.  Id.





n194.  Id.





n195.  See supra notes 192-94 and accompanying text.





n196.  OCC Response to NAR Letter 1, supra note 8, at 1-2.





n197.  Compare Bloomberg.com, Financial Glossary, http://www.bloomberg.com/
invest/ glossary/bfglosi.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2007) (defining an
involuntary liquidation preference as a "premium that must be paid to preferred
or preference stockholders if the issuer of the stock is forced into involuntary
liquidation"), with McCoid, supra note 183, at 187 (discussing that creditors
have a valid claim if shareholders received proceeds before creditors).





n198.  See Bloomberg.com, Financial Glossary, http://www.bloomberg.com/invest/
glossary/bfglosi.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2007).





n199.  See Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3.





n200.  See supra notes 196-99 and accompanying text.





n201.  See supra note 185 and accompanying text.





n202.  See supra notes 185-200 and accompanying text.





n203.  See supra notes 178-200 and accompanying text.





n204.  See Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 6.





n205.  See Corporate Decision No. 98-17, supra note 180, at 2-3; Corporate
Decision No. 99-07, supra note 180, at 2-3.





n206.  See OCC Corporate Decision No. 99-07, supra note 180, at 1.





n207.  See OCC Corporate Decision No. 98-17, supra note 180, at 1.





n208.  OCC Corporate Decision No. 98-17, supra note 180, at 2.





n209.  Wind Farm Letter, supra note 3, at 2.





n210.  Id.





n211.  See Stanford Group, Washington Research Group, http://www.stanford
group.com/displayContent.asp?CategoryID=249 (last visited Feb. 4, 2007)
(describing the Washington Research Group as "the oldest and largest
Washington-based institutional research group").





n212.  Barbara A. Rehm, OCC Moved the Line on Realty in UBOC Letter, Am. Banker,
Jan. 11, 2006, at 1.





n213.  See supra notes 209-12 and accompanying text.





n214.  See supra notes 47-70 and accompanying text.





n215.  See supra notes 36-46 and accompanying text.





n216.  See supra notes 71-75 and accompanying text.





n217.  See supra notes 76-78 and accompanying text.





n218.  See supra notes 79, 100, 102 and accompanying text.





n219.  See supra notes 139-41, 201-02 and accompanying text.





n220.  See supra note 99 and accompanying text.





n221.  See supra notes 139-41 and accompanying text.





n222.  See supra notes 139-41, 201-02 and accompanying text.





n223.  See supra notes 143-46 and accompanying text.





n224.  See supra notes 149-50 and accompanying text.





n225.  See supra notes 190-203 and accompanying text.





n226.  See supra notes 178-203 and accompanying text.





n227.  See supra notes 208-13 and accompanying text.





n228.  See supra notes 208-10 and accompanying text.





n229.  See supra notes 211-13 and accompanying text.





n230.  NAR Letter 1 to OCC, supra note 5, at 1-2.





n231.  See supra notes 139-41, 190-203 and accompanying text.





n232.  See supra notes 71-78, 99, 139-41, 149-50, 208-13 and accompanying text.





n233.  See e.g., Stacy Kaper, In Realty, Is OCC Again Stretching Status Quo, Am.
Banker, Oct. 27, 2006 (discussing the OCC's recent approval of a bank's leasing
half of its property to an independent developer for forty years in return for
building a bank branch and parking lot).


                              899 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            January 10, 2011 Monday

Fiat boosts Chrysler stake

BYLINE: by Lou Whiteman

LENGTH: 313 words


Fiat SpA on Monday, Jan. 10, raised its stake in Chrysler Group LLC to 25% after
reaching the first of three milestones agreed to when the automaker was bailed
out by the U.S. government.

Turin, Italy-based Fiat was entitled to the 5% ownership boost once commercial
production of a more fuel-efficient small-car engine began at a Chrysler plant
in Dundee, Mich. The new engine, based on Fiat technology, will be used on a new
Fiat 500 small vehicle that Chrysler intends to distribute soon in the U.S.
through a new dealer network.

Fiat received a 20% stake in Chrysler in exchange for sharing engine and
small-car technology with the struggling U.S. automaker as part of a December
2008 deal with the U.S. government, which sponsored Chrysler's express trip
through Chapter 11 the following year. Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne became CEO of
Chrysler as part of the government rescue.

A United Auto Workers trust set up to fund retiree healthcare costs owns a 63.5%
stake in Chrysler. The U.S. government owns 9.2%, with Canadian federal and
local governments holding 2.3%.

Fiat could see its ownership increase to 35%, in 5% increments, through two
other milestones. The first relates to revenue growth outside of the Nafta
region, while the second is tied to commercial production in the U.S. of a
40-mile per gallon vehicle based on Fiat platform technology.

The company also has an option to buy an additional 16% in Chrysler, taking its
stake to 51%, once the U.S. automaker repays some $7.46 billion in loans to the
U.S. and Canadian governments. Marchionne said last week he would like to repay
the loans this year and boost Fiat's Chrysler stake ahead of a potential 2011
initial public offering for the automaker.

Marchionne has said those loans carry interest rates as high as 10%, one of the
reasons Chrysler is profitable on an operating basis but still losing money
overall.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

A Dilema for Minnesota's Bremer;
Foundation Will Have to Double the Size of St. Paul Holding Company Or Sell It
Off in Five Years to Comply with Charitable Trust Law

                              June 8, 1984, Friday

DATELINE: ST. PAUL


The largest St. Paul-based bank holding company is approaching a crossroads.
Soon it will have to decide either to double its size or to sell out.

The holding company, Bremer Financial Corp., has $1.4 billion in assets and 29
banks scattered across Minnesota, Wisconsin, and North Dakota. The corporation
is owned by the Bremer Foundation, a nonprofit charitable trust that is the
legacy of Otto Bremer, a German-apprenticed banker who was once the largest
investor in bank stocks in the Midwest. But a tax law enacted in 1969 requires
charitable trust foundations like Bremer to own no more than 50% of a business
enterprise by May 26, 1989.

That law, along with the deregulation of the banking business and the effects of
rural economic problems on its banks, has prompted a close self-examination at
Bremer.

As a result, the foundation last year took steps to become a stronger,
better-known, and more unified organization:

* The bank holding company was reorganized into five regional groups, with the
president of one of the banks within the group also serving as the president of
the region. The move is meant to increase cooperation and coordination among the
banks.

* Its financial services subsidiary Bremer Financial Services Inc., has begun to
enter a number of related financial services, such as discount brokerage and
trust services. Bremer is interested in diversifying through acquiring
financially related businesses, such as credit life insurance and mortgage
banking. Its automated teller machine network, called Anytime Teller, joined the
FastBank network (owned by First Bank System, Minneapolis) and will soon be part
of a nationwide ATM network.

* The banks and other subsidiaries were given a common name, First American. The
company also embarked on a systemwide marketing campaign and is ready to hire a
marketing director. A strong identity will not only help the business operations
of the banks but it should also aid the company if it tries to sell its shares
to the public.

No Flagship Bank

Like the two other big, multistate holding companies based in Minnesota, Bremer
is attempting to bring coordination and cohesion to what is really a large group
of small, distinct banks. But unlike First Bank System and Norwest Corp., both
of Minneapolis, Bremer doesn't have one large flagship bank that can serve as a
focal point of the activities.

Bremer is contemplating purchasing or merging with a large bank, such as
American National Bank of St. Paul (which Otto Bremer used to run and which is
owned by the descendants of his brother, Adolph) or National City Bank of
Minneapolis. That could also help meet the diversification requirement for
charitable foundations, since part ownership in the bank holding company would
be traded, either directly or indirectly, in return for the acquisition.

"We could benefit from a flagship bank, said Robert Reardon, chairman of the
Bremer Foundation. "It would be good for generating commercial loans. But it's
not a life-or-death matter."

James Reagan, chairman of the American Bancorp., whose main bank is American
National, said merging with the Bremer banks was a "possibility, but I would
rate the probability pretty low."

Since many people already think the two companies are one and the same because
of their common heritage, a merger might validate a commonly held misconception.
Even Mr. Reagan and Mr. Reardon are often confused with one another.

The confusion was even greater some years ago," Mr. Reagan said. "Bob's office
used to be in our bank building. We live near each other. We're good friends.
And our names are right next to each other in the phone book.

"Sometimes I'd get a guy in here, and after he talked for a while, I would say,
'Oh, you want the foundation,' and would send him across the street."

Until recently, the Bremer banks have operated as a loose confederation of 29
banks with little in common except their owner. The largest in the group is the
St. Cloud bank, which has $146 million in assets, while the smallest is a $12
million affiliate in Shelly, which is about to be merged with a Crookston
affiliate.

Allowing each bank to run itself was fine until the deregulation of the
financial industry, Mr. Reardon said. That, together with a recession that has
hit Bremer's rural customers especially hard, has made banking a much tougher
business.

"They really didn't need the support and monitoring back then they do now," Mr.
Reardon said.

Most of that support and monitoring has been conducted through Bremer Financial
Services, which was formed in 1973. The services company initially was limited
to performing audit and credit reviews of the individual banks. But it has since
expanded to include other financial services, such as bond purchasing, discount
brokerage, and overline and participation loans. The service company now has 46
employees.

Bad Times on the Farm

But stronger central control could not prevent the bank from suffering higher
than usual credit problems, in large part because of the hard times experienced
by farm communities. Although Bremer's loan losses are on a par with those of
other bank holding companies of the same size, they are about four or five times
larger than they were several years ago. Loan chargeoffs increased to $4.1
million last year compared with just $861,000 in 1981 and $202,000 in 1979.

"The recession in the agricultural economy has hurt us," Mr. Reardon said. "It's
not just farmers but related businesses, such as implement dealers and others
that depend on the farm economy."

Despite the doldrums of the farm economy, the Bremer banks have performed on a
par with banking companies of a similar size. A study of 1983 financial results
by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc., a bank analyst, shows that the Bremer Financial
Corp. compares favorably to its peer group in terms of return on assets.
However, because it is highly capitalized, it is below average in terms of its
return on equity.

But perhaps more on Mr. Reardon's mind than the recession or deregulation is the
1969 law on foundation holdings. The foundation has to reduce its holdings in
the banks to 50% within 5 years and to 20% within 25 years.

The law was passed because some charitable trusts were being used primarily to
avoid paying corporate income taxes. For instance, some foundations were not
contributing income for charitable purposes but instead reinvested all the money
for business purposes. Also, some officers and directors of the foundations were
paying themselves unusually large salaries.

A Catch-22

In its original form, the law presented something of a Catch-22 to the Bremer
Foundation. At the same time the law required the foundation to reduce its
holdings in the banks to 50%, it prevented the foundation from doing so.

First, federal banking regulations essentially restricted the foundation from
selling the bank holding company. Antitrust regulations prevented it from being
sold to local bank organizations large enough to purchase it (such as First Bank
System or Norwest).

Interstate banking laws prevent a sale to banking organizations outside the
state. And a federal bank holding company law restricts companies outside the
banking business from purchasing or owning banks. As a result, the market of
potential buyers is reduced to wealthy individuals and foreign buyers.

"About our only market was foreign buyers," Mr. Reardon said. "We tried to
convince the Arabs that those white drifts outside the banks were actually sand
dunes, but they wouldn't buy it."

Mr. Reardon said that foreign investors were not interested in the bank holding
company because it is located neither in a major money center, such as New York,
nor in an area of high economic growth, such as the Sun Belt.

Whether to Go Public

Another course open to the foundation was, essentially, also blocked: going
public. By going public, the foundation could dilute its ownership of the bank
holding company by transferring part of the ownership to outside investors.

Some of the cash raised from a public sale could go to charitable purposes. And
some of the cash or stock in the company could be used to purchase new banks or
financial companies. In either case, the divestiture requirements would be met,
since investors outside the foundation would also own the bank holding company.

But since the Internal Revenue Service viewed the bank holding company as a
passive entity, not an operating business, the law interpreted not it but the
individual banks as the business of the foundation. Also, the law prevented
foundations from acquiring new companies.

In addiition, forcing the foundation to divest its interests in the individual
banks would result in a "fire sale," according to Mr. Reardon. Because of the
limited market for small banks, and the even more limited market for minority
ownership of small banks, the banks could not bring prices anywhere near their
book value, Mr. Reardon said.

However, Mr. Reardon, with the help of local congressmen, was able to persuade
Congress last February to adopt a regulation that would allow the foundation to
regard the bank holding company, not the individual banks, as its business.

That action opened up the options available to the foundation as the 1989
deadline approaches.

While Mr. Reardon has been talking with potential buyers or merger candidates,
he has also been keeping an eye on the stock market for a good time to offer the
company's stock for sale to the public.

But even he is not yet sure which route the company will take when it reaches
the crossroads.
                   At a Glance
Bremer Financial Corp.
(Full Year 1983 Results)

Net Income       $11.1 million
Return on Assets         1.03%
Return on Equity        11.76%
Total Assets      $1.4 billion
Total Deposits    $1.2 billion
Total Loans       $822 million
Member Banks                29

SECTION: BACK PAGE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1650 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                              901 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2014

FSA County Committee nomination period is open

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 412  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced recently that the nomination period
for local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees began Sunday, June 15.

"County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," said Vilsack. "I hope that every eligible farmer and
rancher will participate in this year's county committee elections. Through the
county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice; their opinions and ideas
get to be heard on federal farm programs."

Vilsack added, "We've seen an increase in the number of nominations of women and
minority candidates, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form, FSA-669A. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Elections will take place this fall.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agriculturalissues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Monday, November 3. Ballots
are due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Monday,
December 1, 2014. Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on
Thursday, January 1, 2015.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Clinch County News


                              902 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  December 14, 1988, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

'SmoothSwitch' helps smooth away kinks in trust firms' merger

BYLINE: By Oscar Rojo Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D13

LENGTH: 569 words


   It's called Operation SmoothSwitch and its objective is to ensure the smooth
integration of four Canadian trust companies.

After a year of planning, SmoothSwitch is well under way toward creating the
second-largest trust company in the country.

Toronto-based Guaranty Trust Co. of Canada, which launched Operation
SmoothSwitch, said yesterday its shareholders have approved the merger of the
company with Central Trust, Yorkshire Trust and Nova Scotia Savings & Trust.

Shareholders of Yorkshire Trust also approved the merger plan yesterday at a
meeting in Vancouver.

Central Trust and Nova Scotia Savings are to hold shareholder meetings today in
Halifax.

When all shareholder and regulatory approvals have been obtained, the four
companies will be merged to become Central Guaranty Trust Co., effective Dec.
31.

The new company will have corporate assets of $11.6 billion and total assets
under administration of $21 billion. It will be second only to Canada Trust, the
country's largest trust and loan company.

The merger caps a year of planning for integration, recalls W. Thomas Hodgson,
Guaranty Trust's president and chief executive officer.

"We dubbed the amalgamation Operation SmoothSwitch and I am pleased to report
that the excellent work of management and staff has proven that to be an
appropriate name," Hodgson said in reporting shareholder approvals.

Fish farms in U.S.

Fish farms and hatchery complexes are proposed to be built in the United States
in talks between Silkridge Resources Ltd. of Vancouver and George Kessler and
Associates of Tulsa, Okla.

Silkridge said plans call for Kessler to organize an operating company and a
leasing company to build and lease more than 15 fish-tank farms and hatchery
complexes in the U.S. over the next five years. Total cost is expected to exceed
$75 million, Silkridge added.

Kessler has agreed to initiate the first "build to lease" farm project within 90
days and to finance a company that will operate the first fish-tank farm as a
"showcase," Bo Mortil, Silkridge's president, said in reporting the
negotiations.

Indal buyout succeeds

The British parent of Toronto-based Indal Ltd. is succeeding in its bid to buy
out Indal's minority shareholders.

RTZ Corp. PLC, through wholly owned Rallip Investments Ltd., has raised its
ownership of Indal to 99.7 per cent from 61.5 per cent. RTZ says Rallip has
taken up about 19.5 million Indal shares tendered under its offer which expired
Monday.

"Rallip intends to exercise its statutory right to acquire the remaining Indal
shares," a company statement said.

In seeking full ownership, the British parent has said it wants "greater
flexibility" in managing Indal, which manufactures a variety of industrial
products and building supplies.

Mann's Unicorp stake

Entrepreneur George S. Mann has increased its stake in Unicorp Canada Corp.

The chairman of Unicorp, a diversified Toronto-based company, Mann also controls
Townsview Investments Ltd.

Townsview Investments said it has acquired more class A non-voting shares of
Unicorp to raise its interest to 18.5 per cent. "Townsview may, but need not,
make additional purchases of Unicorp securities as opportunities arise," it
said.

Mann, Townsview and other entities he controls now hold about 19.4 per cent of
class A shares and 68 per cent of class B shares, Unicorp Canada said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              903 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Surge in non-farm bank credit

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 242

LENGTH: 985  words


BANKS' lending to the agricultural sector that has been on the increase for some
years rose further in the last fiscal year.

More importantly, lending to the non-farm sub-sectors like livestock, fisheries,
horticulture and forestry got a real boost.

But the number of people benefiting from agricultural financing still remains
limited.

In the outgoing fiscal year, overall lending to agricultural sector soared to
Rs336 billion, up more than 14 per cent from what it was a year ago. And in nine
months of the year, for which data is available, lending to non-farm sector was
no less than a hundred billion rupees. That really counts. However, the number
of agricultural loan beneficiaries remained below one million which, according
to agriculturists, is less than one-fifth of the number of farmers who need bank
financing.

Central bankers say the number of farmers benefiting from agricultural financing
scheme has been rising steadily since 2011. The inclusion of microfinance banks
in the scheme is helping in reaching out to larger number of farmers year after
year.

"In the last fiscal year microfinance banks made about Rs19 billion agricultural
loans against their indicative target of about Rs14 billion. That was purely due
to their ability to reach out to a larger number of loan recipients," says an
SBP official.

The State Bank of Pakistan has put in place a comprehensive set of guidelines on
agricultural lending and is also providing training to bankers in rural areas on
how to monitor agricultural loans performance. Opening up of new branches of
commercial banks in rural areas have also been helpful in meeting growing credit
demand of the farming community.

The Zarai Taraqiati (Agricultural Development) Bank is now accommodating greater
number of loan applications. As a result, agricultural loan volumes have been
showing consistent increase for the past few years (see table). But despite all
this, five to six million farmers have to meet their financial needs out of
their own savings or turn to informal lenders.

"By the end of FY07, about 1.3 million farmers had access to agricultural
financing by banks," recalls a central banker involved in monitoring of
agricultural loaning. "By the end of FY13, the number has come down to less than
one million." So what has gone wrong and where?

One explanation is that when banks squeezed their overall lending after the
2008-09 global financial crisis and recession, agricultural financing also took
a hit. That's why the number of agricultural loan beneficiaries fell to 740,000
in 2008 and to 570,000 in 2009. The worst-ever super floods of 2010 further
reduced the number of people who got agricultural loans in that year to 470,000.

But in all these years, volume of agricultural lending continued to rise chiefly
because big landlords obtained larger loans benefiting from the higher support
prices of major food crops.

Besides, in these years, subsidised sales of tractors and sizable loans for
other agricultural machinery like tube-well, wheat-thrashers and refurbished
ginning units inflated the amounts of total agricultural loans.

In 2008, another trend began creeping in which now seems to have taken roots.
Higher corporate activity in food sector and some uptick in both local and
foreign demand for food items created room for banks to enhance their non-farm
lending which is also a part of agricultural loaning.

In FY08 loans to farming sector totalled Rs160 billion against a meagre Rs52
billion to the non-farm sector comprising livestock, fisheries, horticulture and
forestry etc.

But the share of non-farm sector in overall agricultural lending began to
improve since then and in nine months of FY13 banks' lending to the non-farm
sector reached to Rs100 billion in comparison with Rs131 billion disbursed in
the farming sector.

Two years ago, the central bank had approved of a model of agricultural
financing to be used by Islamic banks but so far only one Islamic bank has used
it.

"The model based on Salam mode of financing is comprehensive in all respects but
the reason why it is not being widely used is two-fold," says a senior executive
of Meezan Bank. "One is that Islamic banks don't have extensive branch network
in rural areas and the second is these banks see little scope for earning huge
profits in agricultural lending anyway."

Interestingly, agricultural loaning by microfinance banks, which central bankers
say can help in boosting the number of recipients, has so far remained limited
in terms of per-party volumes.

The SBP has already raised the per-party limit for such loans to half a million
rupees but microfinance banks hardly lend this much amount to a single borrower.
Most of them normally don't go beyond Rs0.1-Rs0.15 million, according to
microfinance bankers.

However, this overly-cautious approach of microfinance banks is helping them in
reaching out to more and more farmers.

Meanwhile, farmers' lobby groups including Pakistan Agri Forum, Sindh Abadgar
Board and Farmers Association of Pakistan all complain of cumbersome procedure
and corruption that impede growers' access to banks' financing.

They say that ZTBL and commercial banks now entertain only large and
middle-sized growers' requests for financing and ignore small growers under one
pretext or the other. They also lament the fact that the warehouse receipt
system announced at the beginning of 2013 to enable farmers to use their stored
crops as collateral has also not taken off.

Usually loan requirements of non-farm borrowers are huge but the number of loan
seekers is limited.

Banks also find it easier to lend to the non-farm sub-sectors of agriculture
where collateral is not an issue and where there is little or no issue of
multiple titles of ownership, as in the case of crops' financing.

This has also reduced the overall number of agricultural loan beneficiaries even
at times when volumes of lending are showing consistent rise.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     March 27, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Al-Pac expansion requires gov't exemption: Foreign ownership contentious issue
as firm eyes farmland

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Duncan Thorne, Journal Staff Writer

SECTION: Alberta; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: Edmonton

Faced with growing public opposition, the Japanese-owned Al-Pac pulp mill has
dropped plans to buy 12,000 hectares of northeastern Alberta.

Instead the giant mill near Athabasca, which wants to farm trees, intends to
lease the land. It already has plans to lease another 12,000 hectares.

Either way, Al-Pac needs provincial approval to be exempt from regulations that
prevent foreigners controlling sizeable holdings.

While three cabinet members review the application, environmentalists say the
case shows the government failed to consider how much wood Al-Pac would need
when it approved the $1.6-billion mill more than a decade ago.

Trish Ritthaler, speaking for Alberta-Pacific Forest Industries, acknowledged
Tuesday the company faces "challenges to sustainability" in its
forest-management area. She said oil and gas companies are clearing large tracts
of forest for roads and seismic lines, something not considered when Al-Pac
started.

So it wants to plant and grow hybrid poplars on land that's now in the hands of
farmers, Ritthaler said.

Until about a week ago the company, owned by Mitsubishi Corp. and Oji Paper Co.,
was hoping to buy half the land it needs, Ritthaler said. "We had extensive
consultations with local municipalities," Ritthaler said. "The feeling was that
foreign ownership was a contentious issue."

So contentious that delegates to an annual convention of rural municipalities
urged the province Tuesday not to let Al-Pac or any other foreign company buy up
farmland.

"It would change the culture of what Albertans are used to as far as family
farms, smaller holdings," said Robert Richard, reeve of Lakeland County. "We're
not part of the corporate farm mentality yet."

Under Alberta's Agricultural and Recreational Land Ownership Act, foreigners may
own no more than 20 acres, or about eight hectares. The province imposed the
limit in 1979, out of concern about increasing foreign ownership. The
regulations allow for unlimited leasing, but only for non-renewable terms of up
to 20 years. Al-Pac says it takes up to 25 years for poplars to reach maturity,
so it wants longer, renewable leases.

It wants to plant about 1,200 hectares a year on lower-grade farmland, starting
this spring, so after 20 years it will have 24,000 hectares. By then the first
trees will be nearly ready to cut.

Al-Pac's Ritthaler said about 200 farmers are interested in leasing land, some
up to 200 kilometres from the plant.

Agriculture Minister Shirley McClellan said she, Sustainable Resource
Development Minister Mike Cardinal and Government Services Minister Dave Coutts
are reviewing the plan. She said she has no problem with it in agricultural
terms, but Coutts has the final say.

Lorraine Vetsch, with Edmonton Friends of the North, said Al-Pac's quest for
farmland shows the province approved too many pulp mills, with the result there
aren't enough trees for them to share.

"There was a total disregard for what the forests could support."

Vetsch thinks cabinet must approve the application or risk having to subsidize
the mill, because Al-Pac has a contract that puts the government on the hook.

Four years ago the province wrote off $139 million that Al-Pac owed it in
interest on a loan.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Journal Stock; David Coutts; Colour Photo: Journal Stock;
Lorraine Vetsch

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Trying to crack farm-funds case

BYLINE: David Migoya

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 421 words


FORT COLLINS As bankruptcy loomed last year for Grant Family Farms, the company
was paying the mortgage on land where roughly 15,000 organic chickens roamed --
outside the front door of the farm owner's home.

In the first public airing of the popular farm's controversial bankruptcy
liquidation Tuesday, company secretary Michael Bartolementi said the farm made
mortgage payments to First National Bank so the chickens could lay eggs the farm
later sold.

Bartolementi owned the chickens with friend Nick DiGiorgio. The men share the
home next to the farm with farm owner Andrew Grant. Although some creditors
wondered whether farm funds were used to pay the mortgage to the home, the men
said it was the mortgage on the 10-acre parcel next door.

About 5,000 of the chickens were slaughtered in December for lack of feed, a
move that outraged locals. Some of the remaining chickens have been given away.

"Too many people are paying too much attention to these chickens," Grant said at
Tuesday's meeting of creditors. "They should be trying to find out where the
money went that came in after we lost control of the finances."

Despite more than $10 million in liabilities weighing against the popular
organic farm, attention has focused on the chickens, which account for only
$34,000 of that debt.

The meeting of creditors drew nearly 50 people into a small room at the Larimer
County Courthouse in downtown Fort Collins, with many forced to sit on cabinets,
along windowsills and on the floor.

Grant said farm funds were not used to pay the mortgage on his home, although
attorney Brent Olsson wondered otherwise.

"That's the big question right now, is whether the home mortgage was paid with
farm funds," said Olsson, who represents a family that loaned Grant about
$350,000 and has sued over its repayment.

Grant transferred ownership of the chickens last year to Six Dog Investment,
which is owned by DiGiorgio and Bartolementi. The land was similarly
transferred.

The financial arrangement between Grant Farms and Six Dog -- how egg revenue was
divided and how the $2,000 monthly mortgage was paid -- appears not to have been
put in writing, Bartolementi told trustee Joli Lofstedt.

Farm finances were controlled by Localization Partners, a consortium of 20
private investors who hoped to keep the farm open with a $1.5 million loan.
Grant has accused LP of withholding funds needed to feed the chickens, and LP
has said the farm was simply managed poorly.

David Migoya: 303-954-1506, dmigoya@denverpost.com or twitter.com/davidmigoya

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              June 03, 2012 Sunday

Solitary luxury Ensenberger showing low occupancy after TIF funding given for
renovation

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 877 words


Glancing down from her fifth-story condominium in the Ensenberger Building in
downtown Bloomington, Nancy Isaacson points to the U.S. Cellular Coliseum and
notes that noise through the nearly 90-year-old outer walls and new windows has
never been a problem.

One of the first residents of the former furniture store at 212 N. Center St.,
the retired piano teacher and former State Farm Insurance Cos. employee
describes life in and around her 1,000-square-foot condominium as "an
adventure."

"I love walking to the BCPA (Bloomington Center for the Performing Arts),
walking to the Coliseum, to Common Ground for groceries," she said, adding the
post office and library to her list of nearby conveniences.

But Isaacson's adventure of upscale urban living hasn't quite caught on as
quickly with others as expected.

She owns one of only seven occupied units in the 29-unit Ensenberger Building.
About $9 million of renovation work on the building began in earnest in 2005,
after the city council approved about $2.2 million in tax increment finance
(TIF) funding for the project.

Despite the low occupancy that remains five years after she moved in, Isaacson
remains optimistic.

"I know the building will survive. It's a beautiful building," she said. "If
this (low occupancy) is the worst-case scenario, if I'm living it, I'm not
suffering."

Real estate agent for the building, Char Huff (no relation to the owners, Merle
and Carol Huff of Peoria), is confident, too. She bought and now lives in one of
the residential units and last month moved her business to the ground floor.

She thinks people's perceptions of the building only recently recovered from a
high-profile legal battle between owners Merle and Carol Huff and project
developer Ward Waller. The Huffs and Waller fought over ownership of the
building and project lender CEFCU foreclosed on the loan it issued Waller for
the project. Merle Huff co-signed the loan. Those issues were resolved in 2009.

"It's taken about three years to combat some bad publicity," said Char Huff.
"Now, the only negative we're hearing today that we have to overcome is the
outdoor parking."

The Huffs bought the former Elks Lodge, nearby at 110 N. Madison St., in 2009
with plans to turn it into an indoor parking site. Carol Huff said that remains
the goal, though it won't come to fruition until there is more demand for condos
at the Ensenberger.

Prices

One of the strongest opponents to giving the project TIF funds, Ward 7 Alderman
Steven Purcell, said developers should never have expected demand for the
Ensenberger units at the prices being asked. Purcell cast the lone vote in 2005
against granting the project TIF money and today maintains he made the right
call.

"We gave them the money so they could remodel the building and put it on the tax
rolls," Purcell said. "I don't think $2.2 million has been returned (in property
taxes)."

Original list prices for the still-unoccupied units ranged from $175,000 for a
565-square-foot unit to $796,000 for the 2,889-square-foot penthouse. The Huffs
have since lowered prices, with the same units now listed at $144,900 and
$574,900, respectively.

"We have lowered prices, not so much because of the economy, but because of the
local market," said Char Huff, describing Bloomington buyers as more
conservative and unfamiliar with the urban condominium lifestyle.

Lowering prices has coincided with the Huffs efforts to pre-finish more of the
units before trying to sell them. Besides the occupied units, about seven more
are finished to some degree, but the Huffs likely won't finish all of the units
without buyer input.

"We still don't know if that's the right way to go or not," said Carol Huff,
explaining that buyers like to design what their new homes will look like.

Regardless, she thinks interest will continue to pick up as the overall real
estate market continues to recover.

"We've certainly had people very interested in it, but they say they also have a
house to sell," Carol Huff said. "It's not as though there's been something
wrong (with the building). They were ready to sell and then the bottom fell out
of everything."

Sound investment

Bloomington Mayor Steve Stockton disagrees with Purcell's view that the city's
investment in the building wasn't worthwhile. He makes a distinction between
hardly occupied and vacant.

"There's a major building on the square that's not vacant and not showing signs
of falling apart," Stockton said. "There's a priceless aspect."

He's more concerned about the empty former Elks Lodge and the Front 'N Center
buildings.

While other downtown condominium project developers have opted to rent out units
until buyers are ready to commit, the Huffs said selling is the only option for
the Ensenberger.

Carol Huff said renting units could lower an owner's property value and
discourage people from buying. "Then people who really want a permanent home
will think, 'Oh, it's just a rental,' " she said.

Isaacson thinks she'll gain more neighbors once people realize the convenience
and liveliness of downtown living. She said the biggest factor in the building's
low occupancy is "an inability to imagine this type of lifestyle. It's so
different from the subdivision living that most people in this community live
in."

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Pantagraph


                              907 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Applications for large solar PV projects seen meeting Dec 31 deadline

BYLINE: Linda Archibald

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 410 words


Solar photovoltaic (PV) applicants for projects exceeding 425kW will be able to
complete and commission their projects by the end of this year, with tightened
terms and conditions already put in place.

Malaysian PV Industry Association (MPIA) president Ahmad Shadzli Abdul Wahab
expressed confidence that feed-in tariff applicant holders (FiAHs) who will be
receiving their FiAH certificates in July this year will be able to meet the Dec
31 deadline.

He said in what the MPIA earlier described as a regressive move to switch back
to the manual application process, particularly for projects exceeding 425kW,
this will result in a narrow window for projects to be completed and
commissioned.

"Based on previous experience, Sustainable Energy Development Authority (SEDA)
Malaysia has now tightened terms and conditions to ensure all applicants must
settle financing issues with the lending institutions and also related to land
ownership and approval.

"The applicants are now more wellinformed, equipped and prepared to avoid
unnecessary delays," he told The Malaysian Reserve in an email, responding to
SEDA Malaysia's recent announcement on the timelines and deadlines for
application and processing of Feed-in Tariff (FiT) quota.

He said previously quite a number of FiAHs, especially those related to big PV
farms, faced difficulties in securing loans from lending institutions such as
banks due to long loan processing periods and other stringent requirements,
aside from the issue of land ownership.

"I guess these two main issues have to be settled before applications are
submitted," he said.

Ahmad Shadzli said all parties, namely SEDA Malaysia, Tenaga Nasional Bhd (TNB)
and service providers represented by MPIA, have been holding several discussions
and dialogues since late last year to coordinate and streamline standard
operating procedures (SOP) involving the three parties.

He said MPIA will host a followup workshop soon for its members, inviting
representatives from SEDA Malaysia and TNB to participate.

Some of the issues that will be raised and hopefully resolved are the faster
issuance of Renewable Energy Power Purchase Agreement, sufficient supply of
metres, reducing waiting period to purchase metres and improvements of testing
and commissioning procedures.

"We hope the workshop would be able to improve and streamline SOPs and smoothen
the implementation of the FiT programme among the three parties involved," Ahmad
Shadzli said.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Applications for large solar PV projects seen meeting Dec 31 deadline

BYLINE: Linda Archibald

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 410 words


Solar photovoltaic (PV) applicants for projects exceeding 425kW will be able to
complete and commission their projects by the end of this year, with tightened
terms and conditions already put in place.

Malaysian PV Industry Association (MPIA) president Ahmad Shadzli Abdul Wahab
expressed confidence that feed-in tariff applicant holders (FiAHs) who will be
receiving their FiAH certificates in July this year will be able to meet the Dec
31 deadline.

He said in what the MPIA earlier described as a regressive move to switch back
to the manual application process, particularly for projects exceeding 425kW,
this will result in a narrow window for projects to be completed and
commissioned.

"Based on previous experience, Sustainable Energy Development Authority (SEDA)
Malaysia has now tightened terms and conditions to ensure all applicants must
settle financing issues with the lending institutions and also related to land
ownership and approval.

"The applicants are now more wellinformed, equipped and prepared to avoid
unnecessary delays," he told The Malaysian Reserve in an email, responding to
SEDA Malaysia's recent announcement on the timelines and deadlines for
application and processing of Feed-in Tariff (FiT) quota.

He said previously quite a number of FiAHs, especially those related to big PV
farms, faced difficulties in securing loans from lending institutions such as
banks due to long loan processing periods and other stringent requirements,
aside from the issue of land ownership.

"I guess these two main issues have to be settled before applications are
submitted," he said.

Ahmad Shadzli said all parties, namely SEDA Malaysia, Tenaga Nasional Bhd (TNB)
and service providers represented by MPIA, have been holding several discussions
and dialogues since late last year to coordinate and streamline standard
operating procedures (SOP) involving the three parties.

He said MPIA will host a followup workshop soon for its members, inviting
representatives from SEDA Malaysia and TNB to participate.

Some of the issues that will be raised and hopefully resolved are the faster
issuance of Renewable Energy Power Purchase Agreement, sufficient supply of
metres, reducing waiting period to purchase metres and improvements of testing
and commissioning procedures.

"We hope the workshop would be able to improve and streamline SOPs and smoothen
the implementation of the FiT programme among the three parties involved," Ahmad
Shadzli said.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2014

FSA County Committee nomination period begins June 15

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 349  words


WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the
nomination period for local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees begins
Sunday, June 15, 2014.

"County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," said Vilsack. "I hope that every eligible farmer and
rancher will participate in this year's county committee elections. Through the
county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice; their opinions and ideas
get to be heard on federal farm programs."

Vilsack added, "We've seen an increase in the number of nominations of women and
minority candidates, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where the person
is nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form, FSA-669A. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2014 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 1, 2014. Elections will take place this fall.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 3, 2014. Ballots are due
back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 1, 2014.
Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on Jan. 1, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 West Lyon Herald


                              910 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

New deal for Chinese farmers

BYLINE: Rowan Callick, China correspondent

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 706 words


CHINA has announced its most important response to the global financial meltdown
-- to return to its reform path, after a period of cautious conservatism.

Its sweeping land reforms for the country's farmers are intended to galvanise
economic growth and consumer demand among the rural population of 740 million.

They will now be allowed to ``subcontract, lease, exchange or swap their
land-use rights,'' or to consolidate their farm land with others within
shareholding agri-businesses. The crucial change is in land use rather than
ownership, which remains collective.

This will make the farmers themselves the prime actors in land deals rather than
local government officials, whose secret transactions have triggered, especially
in southern China, frequent ``mass events'', protests that arouse considerable
anxiety in Beijing.

Micro-credit institutions will also be encouraged, through a lowering of the
threshold for establishing rural financial institutions. The China Banking
Regulatory Commission pledged to fast-track sufficient approvals to almost
double such bodies, to 100, by year's end.

And government banks -- which dominate China's financial sector -- are being
told to steer more credit to rural development, an easy enough step since,
despite considerable rhetoric about banks becoming market-focused, ``policy
loans'' remain ubiquitous.

China was keenly awaiting such details following the announcement in general
terms of a long-awaited rural reform package, agreed at a central committee
plenum involving all China's top leaders, which concluded nine days ago.

Concerns were expressed, due to the vagueness of the plenum's closing
announcement, that the reformers -- including President Hu Jintao and Premier
Wen Jiabao -- had failed to win the tough internal debate against conservatives
who had insisted that all farm land remain in collective ownership.

In the run-up to the plenum, Mr Hu had visited Xiaogang village in Anhui
province, where, 30 years earlier, villagers had taken the first steps away from
Maoist communal farming, replacing it with contracts giving households the right
to use land for themselves -- steps that were soon formalised in Deng Xiaoping's
first reform thrust.

In December, China will celebrate with major events the 30th anniversary of the
launch of Deng's reform drive, which began in the countryside but which has lost
ground in the past couple of decades to fast-evolving urban progress.

Last year, rural incomes averaged just $906 -- while urban incomes averaged
$3010, as the wealth gap continued to widen.

Mr Hu, by pushing through the new reforms, is inviting comparisons with Deng --
or at least, seeking to ensure pre-emptively that he will not be unfavourably
compared, come December.

Influential blogger Liang Jing warned, however, that ``a land market which lacks
the constraints of democracy and the rule of law could in the end really be the
graveyard'' of the Communist Party's rule.

The initial plenum announcement said that development in the countryside should
now top all party and government agendas, and that farmers' incomes should
double by 2020, but failed to discuss how this might be achieved.

State news agency Xinhua said, in divulging more detail on Sunday night, that
the reforms would ``boost the scale of farm production'' by fostering the
consolidation of China's mostly tiny plots to allow more modern farming
techniques -- a trend that has already begun, without being formalised -- and
would also ``provide funds for farmers to start new businesses'' off the land,
where many were perceived to be under-employed.

The average Chinese farm comprises just 0.67ha .

Xinhua said: ``According to domestic law, farm land is collectively owned, but
meted out to farmers in small plots in long-term leasing contracts. The new
measures are seen by economists as a major breakthrough in land reforms
initiated by Deng Xiaoping 30 years ago.''

Jia Qinglin, chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference,
one of the nine most powerful people in China, said at the weekend the country
had to ensure that while introducing the reforms it did not erode land used for
farming, and thus grain production.

China has just brought in its best harvest for 15 years.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday

Property purchase for NRIs: A look at provisions

BYLINE: Balwant Jain

LENGTH: 612  words


Non-resident Indians (NRIs) are usually very apprehensive while purchasing
immoveable property in India, their home country. This is a remnant from the old
days when purchase of property by NRIs was covered under the foreign exchange
laws.

With the enactment of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), the foreign
exchange laws have been modified and diluted significantly, but the excesses of
the erstwhile Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) have deterred many NRIs.

This article covers the prevalent provisions in respect of purchase of immovable
property by NRIs in India. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a
notification granting general permission to NRIs for purchase of certain
immovable properties in India without obtaining any clearance from the central
bank.

Types of properties where NRIs can invest : The RBI permission does not grant
power to acquire any and every property in India. NRIs are allowed to purchase
only residential or commercial property. This means they cannot purchase
agricultural land or plantation property. Since many NRIs aspire to own a
farmhouse, but under the existing dispensation, this is not allowed. However,
there is no restriction on the number of residential or commercial property that
can be acquired.

Financing the purchase: The payment for purchase of property can be made by way
of remittance through banking channels from abroad or from money lying in their
NRE / NRO or FCNR accounts. The money for purchase of the permitted properties
has to come only through banking channels hence the payment cannot be tendered
in the form foreign currency notes. NRIs are even allowed to finance the
purchase with home loan in rupees.

Servicing the home loan: As far as payments of EMI for the home loan taken in
Indian currency in India is concerned, the same can be done either by direct
remittance from abroad or from the money lying to the credit in NRE/NRO/FCNR
accounts. In addition to the above sources, the home loan can even be serviced
out of the rents received from such property or money transferred to borrowers
account from the account of relatives of such borrower.

In case the NRI is buying the property for the purpose of his own residence, the
NRI can even take loan against deposits lying in their FCNR or NRE account upto
an amount of Rs 1 crore for the purpose of servicing the home loan.

Joint ownership: The property to be purchased by an NRI can either be purchased
in single name or jointly with any other NRI. It may be noted that that a
resident Indian, or a person who is otherwise not allowed to invest in the
property in India, cannot be made a joint owner in such property even though the
second named person might not even be contributing any money towards the
property.

Continuance of ownership : Many prospective NRIs are worried about what would
happen to the properties, which they already own. There is nothing to worry
about for such properties. A person who owns a property when he becomes an NRI
can continue to hold the property in his name. It is interesting to note here
that such resident Indian becoming an NRI is even allowed to continue to own
agricultural land, plantation property or farm house which he is otherwise not
allowed to purchase after migrating abroad. An NRI is allowed to let out the
property, which he owned prior to moving abroad, without taking permission from
RBI. An NRI is even allowed to get the money sent back outside India after
appropriate taxes have been paid in India from rent so received.

It is now clear that the laws have undergone a change and it is not a hassle for
NRIs to own property in their home country.

- The author is CFO, Apnapaisa.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Fostering Social Acceptance for wind power (WISE POWER)

LENGTH: 571  words


Key action: Electricity production
Status: Under negotiation
Coordinator: European Wind Energy Association, Belgium
Partners: European Wind Energy Association (EWEA), Belgium
Keywords: Social Acceptance Pathways, active engagement, community engagement,
local communities, citizen ownership
Duration: 23/06/2014 - 23/01/2015
Budget: EUR 1 (EU contribution: 0%)


Contract number:IEE-13-528
Grant agreement not yet signed.
The WISE Power project aims at accelerating and adding certainty to planning
processes by decreasing local community opposition to wind energy, the overhead
lines connecting them and other necessary grid infrastructure upgrades. This
will be done in line with, and reflecting, society  s broad acceptance of wind
energy.
The project intends to promote:
a) Existing developed Social Acceptance Pathways (SAP) demonstrating how
processes for active engagement and citizen ownership work;
b) Improved social acceptance pathways suggested by the consortium for a more
successful engagement to be applied by all stakeholders in the planning process
for wind farms, their grid connection and other necessary grid infrastructure.

These pathways will aim to increase local awareness and participation in the
conception, development and benefits of wind power projects and, consequently,
shorten the lead time of administrative process by reducing resistance and
appeals. To achieve the overall objective, information on current community
engagement and existing social acceptance measures - financial and non-financial
- will be collated. The project will consider the relevant planning processes
for wind projects, their grid connections and other necessary grid
infrastructure in a representative sample of EU Member States as defined by the
project. The project will also develop improved social acceptance pathways for
successful engagement with local communities and citizens (all key
stakeholders).
The project will have a strong focus on alternative measures of funding such as
community and cooperative funding of wind farms. It will consider a suite of
sources of alternative financing mechanisms and/or fiscal incentives that can
have a positive impact on empowering communities, local RES cooperatives and
developers   financial understanding of wind projects as a method to enhance
societal engagement. Opportunities for cooperatives to access tailor-made loan
or financing facilities allowing them to increase their capabilities as
alternative sources of funding will also be explored.

In addition, the project will lay the foundations for structures that will help
the wind industry and other relevant stakeholder to form networks for the
exchange of best practice and new approaches for increasing social acceptance
strategies. The newly designed SAP will be validated, tested and implemented in
EU Member States contributing to capacity building for the sector.
Result:
Reduction of wind farm permitting lead times to 24 months, as recomme
Project completion date : 2015-01-23 12:00:00
Major organization : EUROPEAN WIND ENERGY ASSOCIATION (EWEA)

Address : Rue d%Arlon 80, B-1040 Brussels
www.ewea.org /?

Country :Belgium
Email : ewea@ewea.org

Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Commission
Ientelligent Energy Europe
EACI Agency
Covent Garden Building
Place Rogier 16
1210 Brussels
Belgium
Tel: 32 (0) 277 98 23
http://www.eaci-projects.eu
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

               January 6, 1993, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

NEW FORD

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 562 words


Ford's newest car, Mondeo, went into production Tuesday in Genk, Belgium. The
compact replaces the Sierra in Europe. It will go on sale in the USA next year
as a replacement for Ford Tempo and Mercury Topaz. Mondeo is a variation on the
word for ''world'' in several languages. It is Ford's first car designed outside
the USA that will be sold in its major markets. Ford plans to build 2,000
Mondeos a day on three shifts of workers at Genk; by summer, 14,000 workers will
be employed building Mondeos.

 RUSSIAN FARMERS: A shortage of cash and soaring prices is causing problems for
Russia's new private farmers, Itar-Tass news agency said Tuesday. Tass quoted
Vladimir Bashmachnikov, president of the Association of Russian Farmers, as
saying the government's failure to finalize laws on land ownership and mortgage
payments also was slowing the development of new farms. ''The resources already
allocated by the state to support individual farmers are clearly insufficient,''
Tass said.  The agency said there were currently 173,000 private farmers in
Russia, cultivating 18 million acres of land.

 BAD LOANS: The U.S. Department of Agriculture has guaranteed billions of
dollars in loans to countries that may never repay the money, and taxpayers
could get the bill, congressional investigators say. The General Accounting
Office, which reviewed USDA's export credit guarantee programs, also found no
evidence that the credits have increased total U.S. farm exports and said they
may have merely rerouted trade flows. In a report obtained by The Associated
Press, the congressional auditing agency said large loans have been made to
high-risk countries, including Iraq and the former Soviet Union.

 JAPAN AUTO SALES: Hit by sluggish domestic demand, Japanese vehicle sales fell
7.2% in 1992 from a year earlier, the second consecutive year-on-year decline,
the Japan Automobile Dealers Association said. In total, 5,333,785 motor
vehicles were sold in Japan in 1992, excluding minivehicles. Toyota Motor Corp.,
Japan's top carmaker, saw sales fall 5.4% to 2.23 million cars. Sales at Nissan
Motor Co. Ltd., Japan's second biggest carmaker, fell 10.8% to 1.20 million.
Mazda sales fell 12.9% to 412,748, while Honda Motor Co. Ltd. sales fell 7.3% to
404,451.

 BISCUIT DEAL: Britain's United Biscuits Holdings said it was moving into the
U.S. private label cookie market with the acquisition of Bake-Line for $ 70
million.

 BMW SALES: BMW of North America Inc. said Tuesday that it sold 65,600 units in
the USA in 1992, an increase of 23% over 1991's total of 53,343. BMW also is
introducing three V-8 powered 1994 models: the 530i sedan, 530i Touring and 540i
sedan. These models, priced at $ 41,000, $ 43,000 and $ 47,000, respectively,
will be available in the U.S. this spring. Also, the formation of BMW Financial
Services Corp. The company will provide financing and leasing for BMW's 365 U.S.
dealers.

 SPIEGEL SALES: Catalog retailer Spiegel Inc. said its sales jumped 24% in the
fourth quarter, reaching $ 812.3 million.

 BUSINESS HOLIDAYS: Banking and government offices will be affected by holidays
Wednesday in Andorra, Armenia, Austria, Cyprus, Dominican Republic, Finland,
Germany, Greece, Iraq, Italy, Liechtenstein, Puerto Rico, San Marino, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland, Uruguay, Vatican City, Virgin Islands.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              914 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Kieran Coughlan: TAMS 2 start allows tillage farmers gear up

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 705 words


The total budget for the scheme is fairly modest at 26m. In the context of the
relatively high machinery investment requirements of tillage farmers, there is a
strong possibility that the scheme will be fully subscribed prior to the
envisaged end date of December 31, 2020.

Similar to other schemes, the justification of grant aiding tillage farmers has
been approved at EU level on the basis that the investments will benefit the
environment, increase efficiency and ultimately lead to growth.

Grant aid is available on investments up to  80,000, and in line with other TAMS
2 scheme, it is expected that farmers will be able to apply under a number of
tranches subject to adhering to the overall scheme.

The minimum amount of spend which can meet approval is  2,000. In practical
terms this means a tillage farmer can apply for TAMS grant aid approval on a
number of different farm improvements, spreading their spend over the coming
years.

In the case of registered farm partnerships the grant-aid limit can be increased
to  160,000.

The items open for grant aid include farm building improvements such as
rewiring, retro-fitting safety roof light sheeting, construction of grain stores
whereas the equipment which qualifies for grant aid includes items such as
ventilation systems, rainwater harvesting systems, GPS steering control systems,
Sprayers with electric or GPS controls, min till cultivators and seeders, heavy
rollers and grain dryers.

Grant aid is only payable on the VAT exclusive costs, regardless of whether the
individual is VAT registered or not.

The amount of spend which will qualify for grant aid is limited in the first
instance by the overall grant aid limit ( 80,000/ 160,000) but secondly by the
departments own costings   their  Reference costs , the actual price paid by the
applicant and the expected costs as submitted as part of application.

The department has not published its reference costings in respect of the
Tillage Capital Investment Scheme, meaning that farmers are flying blind as to
the quantum of grant aid actually available to them should they decide to
invest.

Where farmers over subscribe for funding available in any one tranche, the
department can use a marking sheet to prioritise the distribution of the
funding.

Unlike the general TAMS 2 measures, the scheme is only open to farmers who have
declared a minimum amount of land of 15 hectares (about 37 acres) of tillage in
either the current year or the prior year, rather than the 5-hectare limit
applicable to the general TAMS 2 measures.

Other conditions which must be satisfied include a requirement to provide the
Department of Agriculture with a tax clearance certificate (an access code is
issued by Revenue), meanwhile the individual must obtain relevant planning
permission for building work.

Applicants must have completed within the last five years prior to the date of
application or the submission of their claim for payment, a half day Farm Safety
Code of Practice course or alternatively have completed the FETAC Level 6
Advanced Certificate in Agriculture.

From a tax perspective, VAT is reclaimable by unregistered farmers on certain
capital improvements to their farm including the construction of new sheds and
store, and the installation of fixed equipment such as fixed dryers and
ventilation systems.

VAT cannot be recovered by any unregistered farmers on mobile equipment and farm
implements.

Meanwhile in relation to grant aid receipt, the net cost after grant aid can
qualify for capital allowances allowing an offset of the net cost over eight
years against the applicant s taxable farming income.

Importantly. grant aid will not be paid in respect of new equipment or
investments unless full ownership thereof has been transferred to the applicant
prior to the lodgement of the payment claim   this suggests that grant aid is
not available where a farmer finances their purchase by way of hire purchase or
lease agreement  instead farmers needing finance could consider availing of a
general business development loan freeing up their ability to make their
investment and gaining full ownership at the outset.

As always, individuals should obtain professional advice relevant to their own
particular circumstances.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock and Land

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday
                           Internet & Print Editions

Bank debt alternatives needed for ag says Farm Institute

BYLINE: Andrew Marshall

LENGTH: 535 words


Relying on bank debt as the main source of funding for farming businesses will
likely limit the sector's future growth says the Australian Farm Institute
(AFI).

Unlike farm businesses internationally, Australian farmers still rely almost
solely on bank debt to pay for expansion and productivity improvements and cover
seasonal running costs.

A newly-released AFI report has explored trends in funding and business
structures within Australian farming, including alternatives to bank lending
packages, which are expected to be required to pay for the sector's future
expansion.

Farm bank debt has jumped from about $10 billion to $60b in the past 25 years.

While the proportion of gross farm income needed to service that debt has
remained relatively constant since 1990 - at about seven cents for each dollar
of income - inflation has eroded the real spending power of a dollar since then.

"Future growth opportunities for Australian farm businesses will require access
to increased funding, and alternatives will be required to current models," said
AFI's research general manager, Richard Heath. "However, while alternative farm
funding models have emerged internationally, this is not the case in Australia."

He said bank debt may have sustainably paid for productivity growth in recent
decades, but the capital required to fund further growth and increasing family
succession demands would be be many times what had been borrowed in the past 25
years.

"There is feeling of urgency in the agricultural community to find alternative
funding models," Mr Heath said.

Alternative models typically used overseas included separating the ownership of
farm assets from farm business operations, such as farmland leasing and rental
models. Other options included offtake agreements, which provided crop and
livestock loans for short-term operational funding, and equity-sharing
arrangements such as share farming and share milking, which enabled multiple
parties have an equity share in the farm business.

He said the high risk levels experienced by Australian farms were probably a
major factor limiting the growth in alternative funding options.

A healthy balance sheet with plenty of additional borrowing capacity was the
best defence Australian farmers had to manage risk.

That contrasted with various risk management options available to overseas
farmers, including crop and income insurance schemes that operate in North
America, which made it easier for new entrants, and also providing the basis for
alternative funding models.

Next week in Brisbane the AFI's annual agricultural roundtable conference will
include sessions looking at financing and funding options, including an address
by Australian co-founder of US-based investment advisor, AgFunder, Michael Dean.

The conference will also host the launch of the Australian Farmland Performance
Index which has been modelled on similar farm financial indices closely
following US real estate values and farm profitability trends.

AFI's report addressed financial indicators, farm financial advice, crowd
funding regulation, cooperatives, real estate investment trusts and supply chain
contracts in making six recommendations to government and the agricultural
industry.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock and Land

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Bank debt alternatives needed for ag says Farm Institute

BYLINE: Andrew Marshall

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 535 words


Relying on bank debt as the main source of funding for farming businesses will
likely limit the sector's future growth says the Australian Farm Institute
(AFI).

Unlike farm businesses internationally, Australian farmers still rely almost
solely on bank debt to pay for expansion and productivity improvements and cover
seasonal running costs.

A newly-released AFI report has explored trends in funding and business
structures within Australian farming, including alternatives to bank lending
packages, which are expected to be required to pay for the sector's future
expansion.

Farm bank debt has jumped from about $10 billion to $60b in the past 25 years.

While the proportion of gross farm income needed to service that debt has
remained relatively constant since 1990 - at about seven cents for each dollar
of income - inflation has eroded the real spending power of a dollar since then.

"Future growth opportunities for Australian farm businesses will require access
to increased funding, and alternatives will be required to current models," said
AFI's research general manager, Richard Heath. "However, while alternative farm
funding models have emerged internationally, this is not the case in Australia."

He said bank debt may have sustainably paid for productivity growth in recent
decades, but the capital required to fund further growth and increasing family
succession demands would be be many times what had been borrowed in the past 25
years.

"There is feeling of urgency in the agricultural community to find alternative
funding models," Mr Heath said.

Alternative models typically used overseas included separating the ownership of
farm assets from farm business operations, such as farmland leasing and rental
models. Other options included offtake agreements, which provided crop and
livestock loans for short-term operational funding, and equity-sharing
arrangements such as share farming and share milking, which enabled multiple
parties have an equity share in the farm business.

He said the high risk levels experienced by Australian farms were probably a
major factor limiting the growth in alternative funding options.

A healthy balance sheet with plenty of additional borrowing capacity was the
best defence Australian farmers had to manage risk.

That contrasted with various risk management options available to overseas
farmers, including crop and income insurance schemes that operate in North
America, which made it easier for new entrants, and also providing the basis for
alternative funding models.

Next week in Brisbane the AFI's annual agricultural roundtable conference will
include sessions looking at financing and funding options, including an address
by Australian co-founder of US-based investment advisor, AgFunder, Michael Dean.

The conference will also host the launch of the Australian Farmland Performance
Index which has been modelled on similar farm financial indices closely
following US real estate values and farm profitability trends.

AFI's report addressed financial indicators, farm financial advice, crowd
funding regulation, cooperatives, real estate investment trusts and supply chain
contracts in making six recommendations to government and the agricultural
industry.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Malema's stance on mines has some merit

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 647 words


JULIUS Malema's call for the mining industry to be nationalised in South Africa
is over-the-top and unlikely to happen. However, it is not unreasonable for the
government to participate in mining, as is done all over the world.

For example, Debswana in Botswana - which produces more diamonds than all the
diamond mines in South Africa put together - is jointly owned by De Beers and
the Botsawna government on a 50-50 basis.

When the deal was struck, the Botswana government went on record as admitting
that it knew nothing about mining, nor had any wish to run the mines and was
quite content to let De Beers do so. It worked, and today Debswana is a force to
be reckoned with in the world diamond market. Botswana's 50 percent revenue
stays in Botswana.

If one looks at the the diamond-mining industry in South Africa, ever since
Cecil John Rhodes began plundering South Africa's diamond resources, hundreds of
billions of dollars have left these shores, making the Oppenheimer family one of
the wealthiest families in the world.

If 50 percent of these proceeds remained on these shores to be reinvested here,
that single act would have changed the financial face of South Africa. De Beers
today owns about 74 percent of the South African diamond industry, with the
balance owned by a BEE consortium. This means that a handful of BEE participants
become very wealthy and a few trusts will benefit, but the broader community
receives no benefits at all. If the government owned the 26 percent directly,
the proceeds would be filtered through to the broader community.

In the end, Malema's thinking is not as daft as it first appears. Let the mining
companies run the mines, but the government needs to participate - directly.

Colin Bosman

Newlands

IF JULIUS Malema and the ANCYL are thinking of nationalising the mines and farms
, why doesn't the nation lease these institutions to the youth league members
first? Transferring ownership is a costly exercise and this way, both the
country and the youth league will save a lot of money. Mine shareholders,
farmers and the government can come to an agreement whereby the mines and farms
are leased to the youth league members for five years.

The government must contribute working capital to youth league members, and pay
the lease payments of these farms and mines to their owners. Those youth league
members who turn a profit can keep their farms and mines, and the government
must pay out the shareholders at market prices.

Those who make losses will forfeit those assets back to their original owners.
The government wouldn't need a vast amount of capital to purchase the successful
ventures, since only a few will succeed.

Many countries have tried nationalisation, andâ[#x20ac]¦ created huge holes in
government budgets which diverted valuable resources away from social, health,
education, housing and infrastructure spend.

Naushad Omar

East London

NOW THAT Zimbabwe, once again, wants to bum millions of rands off the few
remaining South African taxpayers, is it possible to ask Julius Malema what his
opinion is on this matter? Malema believes firmly in Robert Mugabe's sound
economic and political policies, so why another loan? As foolishly loyal
taxpayers, we would like to know what makes Zimbabwe so successful?

Herman Lategan

Sea Point

IT IS NOW time for the unions and labour to break ranks with the ANC.

Julius Malema and his cronies are in the process of destroying this country.
These lazy and over-age youth are just interested in enriching themselves. They
want all businesses to employ blacks and to take ownership of the land and
companies.

Many blacks do own big companies but they are being run by whites or the
previous owners because they know that these people have experience and are
well-educated and don't want the company to be run into the ground.

Unions need to break away from Malema's ANC and form a labour party.

MSA

Cape Town

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Chrysler Expected to Erase Its Debt to Government

BYLINE: By BILL VLASIC; Nick Bunkley contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 910 words


DETROIT -- Of the three Detroit carmakers, Chrysler was in the worst condition
when the recession hit. And even with a taxpayer bailout, it has been slower to
recover than its rivals.

But on Thursday, the company will announce a milestone in its comeback effort,
declaring its intention to repay its $7.5 billion in high-interest loans -- $5.8
billion to the United States government and $1.7 billion to Canada's -- as soon
as next month by selling new bonds to investors.

Once it pays back the loans, Chrysler can strengthen its ties to Fiat, its
Italian partner, and begin adding more fuel-efficient cars to its truck-heavy
lineup.

Sergio Marchionne, the chief executive of both Chrysler and Fiat, is expected to
announce the debt plan Thursday when he welcomes the Treasury secretary, Timothy
F. Geithner, for a tour of the company's Jeep plant on Detroit's east side.

Although details of the debt offering, to be led by Goldman Sachs, are still
being negotiated, Chrysler intends to use the proceeds of the sale to help it
pay off all of the government loans, according to people familiar with
Chrysler's plans.

Both Chrysler and the Treasury Department declined to comment on the
announcement.

The loans have been a psychological and financial drag on Chrysler's efforts to
revamp its operations and gain market share since emerging from its
government-sponsored bankruptcy in 2009.

''They started in a very deep hole after the bankruptcy,'' said Dennis Virag,
president of the Automotive Consulting Group in Ann Arbor, Mich. ''Now they are
making progress both in the product area and the financial area.''

Mr. Marchionne has said that interest payments on its government loans were the
only obstacle keeping Chrysler from being profitable in 2010, when the company
lost $652 million.

Paying off the loans would also free Fiat to raise its ownership stake in
Chrysler.

Fiat currently owns 30 percent of Chrysler, a stake it received in stages as
part in the United States government's rescue of the smallest of Detroit's Big
Three. In exchange for the ownership interest, Fiat agreed to provide engines
and technology to make Chrysler's lineup more diverse and fuel-efficient.

Once the government loans are retired, Fiat plans to pay $1.3 billion for newly
issued Chrysler shares, raising its ownership stake to 46 percent.

That deal will most likely accelerate the integration of Fiat and Chrysler and
speed the arrival of new Fiat-based models for Chrysler to sell in the American
market.

The refinancing is also expected to save money overall for Chrysler, which is
paying high interest rates on the $5.8 billion it owes to the American
government and the $1.7 billion it owes the Canadians.

''It's great they are tuning up their balance sheet by reducing debt,'' said
Rebecca Lindland, an analyst with the research firm IHS Global Insight. ''That
will help them direct more money towards product development.''

Under Mr. Marchionne's leadership, Chrysler has methodically improved its core
products since coming out of Chapter 11. In the last year, Chrysler has
introduced new, well-received versions of its Jeep Grand Cherokee sport utility
vehicle and the Chrysler 300 flagship sedan.

The company has also benefited from positive reaction to its ''Imported from
Detroit'' ad campaign that promotes its corporate resilience and improved
product quality.

So far this year, Chrysler's sales are up 22 percent -- slightly higher than the
20 percent increase in sales for the overall industry. The increase, however, is
almost entirely attributable to improved sales of its Jeep models and Dodge
trucks. The company's domestic market share has remained flat at 9 percent.

But the Fiat influence will be felt soon. Chrysler has just started to sell the
Fiat 500 minicar in its American dealerships, and more new passenger-car models
are in the pipeline.

Chrysler needs a more balanced portfolio to take advantage of the steady rise in
popularity of smaller cars. The Ford Motor Company reported a sparkling $2.5
billion first-quarter profit on Tuesday, largely because of the success of its
new Fiesta and Focus cars.

''Chrysler is in a better position now than a year ago, but they are still
reliant on trucks versus cars,'' said Ms. Lindland.

Paying back the government loans will leave the federal government's ownership
stake in Chrysler unchanged at 8 percent. But the new debt structure is
considered a vital step toward a public stock offering by the company this year
or in early 2012.

The majority owner of Chrysler is the health care trust for retired members of
the United Auto Workers union, which has a 55 percent stake.

Chrysler has not suffered the same consumer disapproval that General Motors
experienced from its government bailout. That was mostly because of G.M. came
out of bankruptcy with the American taxpayer as its majority owner.

But G.M. has mostly shed its dreaded image as ''Government Motors'' since the
federal government cut its stake to 26 percent from 60 percent in G.M.'s stock
offering last November.

In Chrysler's case, its biggest problem was a weak lineup of vehicles and tight
constraints on product spending. But it now appears to be gaining momentum with
new Fiat models.

Analysts who had written off Chrysler after bankruptcy are now applauding Mr.
Marchionne's slow, steady rebuilding of its product portfolio.

''It's sort of like the cat with 17 lives,'' said Mr. Virag. ''They used up
their nine, and they apparently still have more.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              919 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 3, 1994

Roosevelt Financial Will Buy Farm & Home

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK.


Roosevelt Financial Corp., Chesterfield, Mo., has signed a definitive agreement
to acquire Farm & Home Financial Corp., Nevada, Mo., in a deal valued at $ 258
million.

Under the terms of the deal, each share of Farm & Home will be exchanged for
0.67 shares of Roosevelt stock.

The mergers of the two holding companies and their subsidiaries (Roosevelt Bank,
FSB, and Farm & Home Savings Association) will create the nation's tenth largest
thrift with assets of over $ 8 billion and deposits over $ 5.5 billion.  In
addition, the combination would create the largest mortgage servicing operation
in Missouri, with a portfolio of $ 6.5 billion.

Fourth Financial Corp., Wichita, Kan., has agreed to acquire Equity Bank for
Savings, FA, Oklahoma City, Okla., from LSB Industries Inc., Oklahoma City, for
$ 93 million in cash.

Among the assets Fourth Financial and its subsidiary Bank IV Oklahoma will
acquire include Equity's $ 200 million residential mortgage servicing portfolio
and its loan production office, which originated $ 100 million in 1993.

Mid Am Inc., Bowling Green, Ohio, has signed a definitive agreement to acquire
Farmers Savings Bank, Northwood, Ohio in an $ 8.24 million deal.

Each Farmers share will be exchanged for 5.2 shares of Mid Am common stock.

Farmers has assets of $ 66 million and deposits of $ 60.1 million.

UJB Financial Corp., Princeton, N.J., has signed a definitive agreement to
acquire VSB Bancorp Inc., the parent of Valley Savings Bank, Closter, N.J., in a
deal valued at $ 71.7 million.

For each share of VSB stock, UJB will pay between 0.77 and 0,94 shares of its
stock.  VSB has assets of $ 379 million and deposits of $ 294 million.

Security Capital Bancorp, Salisbury, N.C., has agreed to purchase First Federal
Savings and Loan Association of Charlotte, N.C., from Fairfield Communities
Inc., an Arkansas developer, for $ 40 million.

Under the terms of the deal, FCI will purchase from First Federal real estate
owned, classified loans and other assets with a value of $ 19 million.

In addition, FCI will also purchase the lot and timeshare contract receivables
(including the underlying real estate, in case of cancellations or foreclosures)
that it originated, which totaled $ 55 million.

CoreStates Financial Corp., Philadelphia, has entered into a merger-conversion
agreement to acquire Clayton (Del.) Savings and Loan Association.

This will allow CoreStates to increase its marketing of consumer financial
products to residents of Delaware and other nearby states.  Terms were not
disclosed.

Great Lakes Bancorp, Ann Arbor, Mich., has agreed to sell its South Haven,
Mich., branch to a local institution, Citizens Trust and Savings Bank.

First Fidelity Bancorp., Lawrenceville, N.J., has set the price for its pending
acquisition of Peoples Westchester Savings Bank, Hawthorne, N,Y.

Each Peoples Westchester share of common stock will be converted into 0.94
shares of First Fidelity stock or $ 40.86 cash.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              920 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             March 6, 2008 Thursday
                               1 - State Edition

From steps of Rome to our urban sprawl

BYLINE: TROY LENNON

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 1128  words


As interest rates rise, TROY LENNON reports on the origins of suburbia

Whenever rates rise on home loans there is one particular part of town that
feels it most acutely. We call it suburbia, those seas of houses stretching for
kilometres, which make up a part of most major cities.

The concept of the suburb, an area outside the main urban centre devoted mostly
to working-class or middle-class housing, is a relatively new one, but its
origins can be traced to ancient times.

Ancient Rome, which had probably the greatest population density of any city in
its time, had a suburban area. The centre of the city was around the Capitoline,
Palatine and Esquiline hills, where important temples and other buildings were
located. Many wealthy families also lived in these areas. But outside the
business end of town was the area known as the subura, squeezed in between the
Esquiline and Viminal Hill.

The subura was where the working class and a polyglot of foreigners lived in
cheap homes. Many lived in structures known as an insula, three or four-storey
wooden apartment buildings which rimmed an open courtyard.

The subura bred crime and disease. A wall was even built to try to prevent these
forms of contagion from spreading toward the better parts of town. The wall was
also meant to stop fires that often started because people cooked over open
fires in their apartments.

Over the centuries many large cities followed this pattern, with areas set aside
for working-class housing outside the main urban centre. But it was during the
Industrial Revolution that England found itself faced with the problem of
accommodating the workers needed in factories and coalmines.

In London, low-cost slum housing proliferated. But by the mid-19th century this
had created problems of overcrowding, crime and disease. Soon developers were
invading what were once rural areas around the city to establish dormitory
estates, linked to the city by public transport. The process was boosted by the
development of railways, which allowed employees to live further away from their
workplaces and to commute every day.

The term suburb, from the Latin ``suburbium'', literally meaning below the city,
had once been used to refer to any large settlement outside a city. But by the
mid-19th century it referred specifically to lower-class housing estates.

Australia had a similar experience. Our first suburb, of sorts, was the
working-class slum that was created at The Rocks shortly after Sydney was first
established. While the wealthy built homes close to the governor's residence
(today the site of the Museum of Sydney), workers built ramshackle homes on the
rocky outcrop to the west. The Rocks has continued to house low-income earners,
even after it was re-developed in the 1970s.

By the early 20th century Sydney and the rest of Australia had followed overseas
trends in establishing big suburban repositories.

In 1909, the Royal Commission for the Improvement of Sydney and its Suburbs had
recommended more suburban development as a cure for the over-population and con-

gestion of the city. But the main impetus for the growth of suburbia has often
come from resettling servicemen returning from war.

When a war has ended it can be dangerous to have thousands of combat-trained men
trying to cram themselves into urban areas.

This was also an ancient problem that vexed many a Roman general, many of whom
simply took land in conquered territories to set up their soldiers as farmers.
But most soldiers made poor farmers and often these Roman soldier colonies
failed.

Similarly, in the wake of World War I, governments looked for land to re-settle
their war-weary veterans. In Australia the soldier settlement scheme saw the
government open land outside the cities to establish soldiers on small farms,
aided by cheap home loans. There were also schemes to build cheap housing for
veterans in areas such as the Sydney suburb of Matraville.

As with the Roman experiments, many soldier farms failed, but many of the
suburbs built for servicemen still exist and some of the homes are still
standing.

After World War II there was an even bigger demand for housing, driven not only
by returned servicemen but also an influx of migrants and an economic boom.

This was true not only in Australia. A pioneer of modern suburbia was Levitt and
Sons in the US.

The company had been started by lawyer Abraham Levitt in 1929, originally
building expensive homes in New York.

But after Abraham's son William returned from war service, he wanted to fill the
need for low-cost housing for war veterans.

William had served in the US Navy Construction Battalion, nicknamed the
``SeaBees''. He came up with the idea of buying large tracts of unused land just
outside large cities and mass-producing cheap homes to create prefabricated
communities. His brother Alfred designed the houses using the latest techniques
and materials so they were quickly and easily built.

Theirs was by no means the first company to come up with the idea but Levittown,
Long Island, their first ready-made suburb built from 1947-51 on the site of a
potato farm, caught the public imagination.

Two more Levittowns were built, one in Pennsylvania (1951-1956) and one in New
Jersey (1958).

The small two-bedroom 74sqm homes were criticised for creating bland suburban
landscapes but they were ideal for veterans who wanted to escape the overcrowded
cities but live close enough to commute to work. Levitt was criticised for
refusing to sell homes to blacks and for failing to support housing for the
poor.

In post-war Australia, the state and federal housing commissions worked together
to provide cheap housing and government loans for veterans, as part of
government policy to encourage home ownership rather than renting. Many people
also built their own homes.

Large areas on the fringe of cities were turned into suburbs. One thing that
helped build these vast new estates was a cheap, easy-to-use new building
material called fibrous asbestos cement, better known as fibro.

Like the American counterparts, many of these new suburban areas were criticised
for containing visually boring rows of boxy houses.

Often these areas started stark, grassless and treeless since landscaping was
often left up to the owners. Public transport failed

to keep up with the spread of suburbia. But homeowners seemed prepared to put up
with the drawbacks just to procure their piece of the dream. Between 1947 and
1961, home ownership had climbed from 53 per cent to more than 70 per cent in
Australia.

Over the decades the suburban dream has been become a nightmare for many. Cities
are running out of land, subdivisions of the remaining land are getting smaller,
roads and public transport system are overloaded and property is getting more
and more expensive.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 996 DOCUMENTS


            UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Brighton and Hove

                              May 15, 2006 Monday

Would you set up home with total stranger?

BYLINE: Rob Hustwayte robert.hustwayte@theargus.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: The Argus


First-time buyers, priced out of the property market, are resorting to
increasingly desperate measures to get on the home-owning ladder.

New research claims young people in Brighton and Hove view property ownership as
their number one goal in life above marriage, having children and getting a job.

Not put off by inflated house prices in the city, single first-time buyers on
medium incomes are teaming up with friends, relatives and even complete
strangers to buy their own homes.

Chris Morrow-Frost, of Bute Street, Brighton, was so desperate to own a home he
bought with a complete stranger.

Chris took part in a BBC show to find a property partner and went on a number of
blind dates before finding a match.

He said: "I can't say who I chose but I met them all for dinner with my best
mate and my sister and they gave me their opinion.

"I'm now happily settled in the new pad with my chosen co-buyer."

Research by the Yorkshire Building Society revealed 79 per cent of people
questioned in Brighton and Hove saw owning a home as an important goal.

Only 67 per cent thought getting a job was important, 33 per cent thought having
children was a priority and just 21 per cent said they wanted to get married.

The building society refused to reveal how many people it questioned in the
city, placing a question mark on the credibility of the survey. However,
first-time buyers contacted by The Argus agreed with the bank's conclusions.

Michael Taggart, 30, bought a £159,000 two-bedroom flat in Farm Road, Hove, last
year with his brother. He said: "We're both on fairly good incomes but with no
deposit we struggled to get a mortgage and this was the best we could do.

"It's not even a proper foot on the property ladder because when we sell we may
find we have little or no equity to buy separately. But at the end of the day
instead of pouring money away on rent I'm paying off a mortgage which could pay
dividends eventually.

"Shared ownership seems to be increasingly popular because single professional
people, even on good incomes, have no chance of buying their own home."

Paul Bonett, chairman of the Brighton and Hove Estate Agents' Association, said:
"People are very keen to get on the ladder because property is always seen as a
good investment over time but there is no doubt that young people are priced
out.

"A few years ago our typical first-time buyer was aged 20 to 25, now it's more
like 30 to 45. Young people on their own are giving up the hope of property
ownership because they will be saddled with a huge financial burden which does
not give them freedom to move around.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 9, 1985 Tuesday

Redpath ignores own advice   by increasing sugar holdings

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 457 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
 Redpath Industries Ltd. has become one of the largest sugar refiners in
 the United States by buying part of the sugar holdings formerly owned by
 silver speculators Herbert and Nelson Bunker Hunt.

"It was an incredibly good buy," said R. F. Booth, Redpath vice-  president.
"The opportunity to buy this much capacity at such a low price  was too good to
miss."     With the $10.7-million (U.S.) purchase, Toronto- based Redpath will
have a 50 per cent interest in eight U.S. plants with an annual capacity  of
1.15 million tonnes of refined sugar. Ownership is shared with Tate and  Lyle
PLC, the British conglomerate that owns 50.9 per cent of Redpath.

The acquisition marks the third time that Redpath - seemingly unable to
 resist bargain prices - has broken its resolve to reduce its dependence on
 the unpredictable sugar business.

Last February, it purchased an interest in financially troubled
 Colonial Sugars Inc. of Mobile, Ala., which runs a 400,000- tonne refinery
 in the sugar cane region of Louisiana.

In 1976, it bought 50 per cent of a 500,000-tonne refinery in Yonkers,
 N.Y., that had been mothballed by the former owner, Refined Syrups and
 Sugars Inc.

These bargains came on the market because the U.S. sugar industry has
 been suffering from excess capacity, an influx of cheap imports and a
 reduction in per capita consumption of sugar. Many plants have been closed
 and a number of major companies have filed for protection under Chapter 11
 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

Despite the low price, Redpath is taking a considerable gamble with the
 new purchase. Beet refineries, such as those in the Hunt deal, have a
 break- even price of about 15 cents a pound - considerably higher than the
 current world price of 3.8 cents.

The plants can only be economical if President Ronald Reagan bends to
 pressure from the U.S. farm lobby and leaves farm price supports in place.
 The risks are so great that few other companies are willing to enter the
 U.S. sugar business.

In the latest deal, Redpath will take 50 per cent ownership of the
 bankrupt Great Western Sugar Co. of Denver. The assets comprise six beet
 sugar plants, supply contracts with local farmers and the retail brand
 name.

The plants, located in Nebraska, Montana and Wyoming, can refine
 250,000 tonnes of sugar a year.

Tate and Lyle bought the operation from the Hunt brothers last month
 for $21.7-million and subsequently sold 50 per cent to Redpath. The new
 company will be renamed Western Sugar Co. of Denver, and will be run as a
 joint venture.

The Hunt brothers are desperately trying to sell assets to save their
 main holding company, which is in default on loans of $295- million. The
 Hunts hope to sell their six remaining sugar plants for $40-miilion.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

CEPM

LENGTH: 595  words


Project Start : 2014
Project Status : Active
Phase : Planning
Project Cost : USD 180 million
Facility Type : Solar power facility
Capacity : 7MW (AC) photovoltaic
Status Pending Approval
The Project involves the construction, ownership and operation of a 7MW (AC)
photovoltaic ( PV ) solar power facility by CEPM, a vertically-integrated and
off-grid electricity utility in the Dominican Republic (the  Project ). The
Project is to increase CEPM  s existing thermal generation facilities and
displace their dispatch for fuel cost savings. As such, the Project is a captive
power plant and thus not eligible for a Feed-in-Tariff. It is expected to be the
country  s first utility-scale PV solar project. The parent company of CEPM is
InterEnergy Holdings ( IEH ), a power holding company in the DR with two
operating subsidiaries: i) CEPM; ii) Compañía de Electricidad de San Pedro de
Macorís S.A. ( CESPM ), an independent power producer with a dual-fired 300 MW
electricity generation plant; and iii) its affiliate, Empresa Generadora de
Electricidad Haina S.A. ( EGE Haina ), the country  s largest generation company
with about 850MW in total installed capacity. IFC and its subsidiary, the IFC
Asset Management Company (through one of its funds), invested US$50 million each
in IEH in 2013.


The total Project cost, estimated at US$17.0 million, is to be financed with a
corporate loan to CEPM comprising an A Loan of up to US$8.5 million from IFC  s
own account and a concessional loan of up to US$8.5 million from IFC-managed
Canada Climate Change Program ( CCCP ). Funds are dedicated to the financing of
EPC costs for the development of the solar project, essentially. The Project
will be undertaken on a fixed price full-turnkey EPC basis with a reputable
European EPC contractor, Sofos-IBC, a joint venture between IBC of Germany and
Sofos of Spain. The PV modules will be supplied by IBC or Yingli of China. As
the first utility scale PV solar project, the Project is hoped to play a
catalytic role in facilitating more renewable energy investments in the country.

The solar project will have limited adverse environmental and social impacts,
all of which will occur during the pre/construction phase of development
projected to last between 10    14 months, including 4    6 months of planning
and preparation works. An area of 30.82 ha of privately owned land has been
earmarked for the solar farm development. The solar farm will be developed in
two phases: (i) an initial 7 MW of installed nominal solar power capacity to be
erected on 20 ha of land, (ii) with a future expansion planned on the remaining
10.82 ha.

The Project is located in the Altagracia Province, the eastern most point of the
DR, approximately 6 km from the shoreline. The site is readily accessible by
road from the main transport routes leading in and out of the Bavaro-Punta Cana
resort area. The land earmarked for the Project will be leased by CEPM from a
single private landowner for a period of
Project completion date : 2014-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : CONSORCIO ENERGÉTICO PUNTA CANA-MACAO

Address : Avenida Winston Churchill No. 1099
Torre Citigroup, piso 19, Acrópolis center
Santo Domingo, República Dominicana
http://www.cepm.com .do

Country :Dominican Republic
Email : servicioalclienteceb@cepm.com.do

Financier : International Finance Corporation (IFC),

Financier address : International Finance Corporation
2121 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-3800
Fax: (202) 974-4384
E-mail: Webmaster
http://www.ifc.org
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 11, 1990

Lenders Seek Environmental Exemption

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Bank and business leaders last week supported legislation that would limit
lender liability in properties that are environmentally hazardous.

Congress approved a measure in 1980 that gave lenders some protection but recent
court decisions have eroded many exemptions specified in the law.

As a result, Rep. John J. La Falce, D., N.Y., has introduced a bill that he says
would overturn judicial rulings that are adverse to lenders and "bring the law
back to the way it was" before its provisions were challenged.

The legislation, presently co-sponsored by 118 House members, would specifically
exclude lenders from liability when they foreclose on contaminated properties.

In an opening statement, Rep. La Falce said that in enacting the 1980 law,
Congress created an express exemption from hazardous cleanup liability for a
lender that "hold indicia of ownership primarily to protect his security
interest," the so-called "security interest exemption."

But he added that "despite this clear legislative language, courts in their
search for deep pockets have held lenders liable for cleanup costs when they
exercise their rights by foreclosing on their security interest."

Even if a lender "in no way contributed to the hazardous waste problem on the
property," Rep. La Falce said a "simple $ 50,000 loan may saddle a lender with $
5 million in cleanup costs."

During hearings before the House Small Business Committee, chaired by Rep. La
Falce, witnesses outlined reasons for Congress to enact the bill.

Robert Egerton, speaking for the Farm Credit Council, said that unless the
present law is modified there exists "a massive risk for all rural lenders that
is extraordinarily difficult to deal with except through the denial of credit."

John T. Johnson, president of the Miners Bank of Butte, Mont. told the panel
that a $ 200,000 working capital loan to a local business may cost the bank as
much as $ 1.5 million and that if this happened the bank would be insolvent.

William L. Bitner, president of the New York State Bankers Association, saying
that loopholes in the present, so-called "Superfund" law, are creating enormous
legal and operational problems for commercial banks that never were intended by
Congress, urged a quick legislative solution.

John Motley, a vice president of the National Federation of Independent
Business, told the committee that court decisions have undercut the law,
creating problems for consumers, businesses and lenders and than many banks are
now unwilling to make loans without extensive and costly land testing by the
landowner or purchaser.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              925 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Financial Gazette (Harare)

                               November 17, 2016

Govt Pins Hopes On 99-Year Leases

LENGTH: 959 words


GOVERNMENT has once again begun talking up the country's banks to accept as
collateral the 99-year leases given to resettled black farmers following the
2000 land reform programme.

The renewed push to unlock funding for farmers comes as increased pressure is
being brought to bear on President Robert Mugabe's government to turnaround the
country's economy.

Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa is largely pinning his hopes of a turnaround
on the agricultural sector.

He envisages growth in the agriculture sector at 14,4 percent next year.

This year, the sector shrunk by -4,2 percent.

Agriculture is widely regarded as the mainstay of the country's economy which
could easily propel the turnaround efforts.

Yet without any funding, government's plans for the sector, which needs finance
of US$2 billion to get back on its feet, would be a pipedream.

Yet, the tug of war between government and banks over the 99-year leases has
been on and off since 2000.

The banks have been cautious to extend any finance to the resettled black
farmers in the absence of security of tenure.

This has angered government, which in turn accuses the banking sector of
deliberately sabotaging its efforts to revive agriculture.

Once the breadbasket of the southern African region, Zimbabwe is now a net
importer of grain after agriculture suffered its heaviest knock following the
chaotic 2000 land invasions that were principally led by war veterans.

An estimated 4 500 farmers were affected by the violent land seizures, which has
resulted in chronic food shortages and poor production on farms since then.

Ben Freeth, a former white commercial farmer and executive director of the Mike
Campbell Foundation, this week said the latest overtures by government to force
banks to accept 99-year leases would not work.

"As far as the lease agreement is concerned, it is not bankable... No bank will
extend credit without collateral security. Whatever the government tells them,
the banks will not comply with something that puts their business into jeopardy.
Like any business, banks need security, to ensure viability of their
operations," he said.

Freeth noted that also unsettling is a clause in the 99-year lease agreements
which allow for the government to cancel a lease held by a farmer in 90 days.

"... for that to be written in the lease, it shows they want to keep people with
99-year leases on edge. Which is how their system of patronage works," said
Freeth.

Bankers Association of Zimbabwe (BAZ) president, Charity Jinya earlier this
month said the Ministry of Lands would make an announcement over the 99-year
leases at an "appropriate time".

An official at BAZ who is not authorised to speak to the press this week said
the association had put forward its recommendations to government

"The long and short of it is that discussions indeed have been held with the
government and it is now all in the hands of government," he said.

It is understood that among some of the pre-conditions banks have put to
government before extending credit is that they require an assurance that the
farmers would stay on the land for a long time. The banks are also demanding
that investments done on the land in building immovable infrastructure such as
houses and other farm structures, which promote productivity should be secured.

The banks also want farmer's access to stable markets for their produce and
access to a reasonable and predictable transfer market for buyers so as to
enable compensation for any permanent improvements made on the farm. The banks
also want to hold both moveable and immovable property as collateral in exchange
for the loans.

Wonder Chabikwa, president of the Zimbabwe Commercial Farmers Union, which
represents a majority of black commercial farmers said unions were not being
updated about the negotiations.

"The last time we heard about 99-year leases becoming bankable was in March or
April this year... Even if we are to borrow using the 99-year lease agreements
as collateral, the money is expensive, which means that the loans are not
suitable for farming since lending rates are pegged between 12 percent and 18
percent," he said.

Eddie Cross, an economist and legislator for the Movement for Democratic Change,
said he expected little headway to be made in the latest round of talks.

"It's all just grandstanding, it will not work. The banks will continue to
refuse them (99-year leases), because they need to be able to sell at a market
rate. The government is afraid that the whites will buy these up once again. The
99-year leases will not be transferable on the open market," Cross told the
Financial Gazette this week.

Vivid Gwede, a political commentator, said it was important that the 99-year
leases be made bankable in order to sustainably finance agriculture in Zimbabwe
following the disruptive land redistribution exercise of 2000.

"But the mere announcement will not work like magic. Unfortunately, to be sure,
there are also other things involved in the mix for the plan to work. It appears
that the bankers are still not sure of the transferability of the leases. The
real reason for that lack of confidence by the bankers is that land ownership in
Zimbabwe has been and is still much politicised," he said.

"Land ownership needs to be depoliticised first. The banking sector is already
showing signs that there is no money, while lending rates are still generally
very high for the farmers should they eventually access the scarce money. I do
not expect the leases to work like magic, but a lot of confidence building with
the financial sector is needed beyond what is written on paper," Gwede added.

With its back against the wall, it will be curious to see if government would
indeed bend over backwards and accede to demands by the banking sector.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Chrysler repays $7.6B in loans

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 644 words


DETROIT (AP) -- With a few computer keystrokes in an office at its headquarters,
Chrysler Group LLC sent $7.6 billion to the U.S. and Canadian governments
yesterday, paying off most of the bailout money that saved the company from
financial disaster just two years ago.

The repayment -- expected for weeks -- is a huge step in the automaker's
unlikely comeback. Chrysler went from a company that almost ran out of cash and
survived a 2009 bankruptcy to one that is revamping its aging lineup and last
quarter posted its first net profit in five years, a modest $116 million.

"I think this is going to close a painful and necessary chapter in our history,"
Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne said Monday at the opening celebration of a
dealership in Detroit.

For Marchionne and Chrysler workers, the payoff marks partial freedom from
government ownership. But it also means the company must stand on its own and
continue to overhaul a lineup that's still depends on old Chrysler designs and
larger vehicles that have fallen out of favor due to high gasoline prices.

"We celebrate and then we move on," said Marchionne, who is also CEO of Fiat
SpA, the Italian automaker which was given control of Chrysler by the U.S.
government. "We've got a long way to go."

Chrysler took $10.5 billion from the U.S. government to survive two years ago,
and earlier had repaid some of the money. Yesterday, it retired a $5.9 billion
balance on the U.S. loans and $1.7 billion to the governments of Canada and
Ontario.

To pay off the governments, Chrysler raised $3.2 billion through a bond sale and
took out $3 billion in lower-interest bank loans. It also will use a $1.3
billion investment from Fiat.

But government ownership doesn't end with the loan repayment. The U.S. Treasury
still owns 8.6 percent of Chrysler, which it got in exchange for the bailout.
About $2 billion of the government aid went to parts of Chrysler that were left
behind in bankruptcy. That money hasn't been repaid. Some of it could be
recouped when the government sells its Chrysler stock in an initial public
offering. But the government concedes it's unlikely to get all of the money
back.

Chrysler was eager to pay back its loans in part because of the governments'
high interest rates of around 12 percent, which cost the company $1.2 billion
last year. The interest rates on the new loans and bonds are 6 to 8 percent,
saving Chrysler $300 million in payments per year. It also wants to shed its
government ownership because some customers object to the bailout.

The repayment, though, lifted the morale of Chrysler workers and dealers who
just two years ago came close to losing everything.

Carl Galeana, who runs Chrysler and Fiat dealerships in Michigan and Florida,
said Marchionne has done everything he promised to save the company. Vehicles
such as the Jeep Grand Cherokee SUV, which was overhauled by Chrysler, have
helped the company return to profitability.

But Galeana and others know the company's future success depends on models from
Fiat, especially in small and midsize segments where Chrysler remains unproven.

"What we have to prove to the public is we have damn fine products," he said.
"That's the kind of stuff that's coming through the pipeline."

Chrysler's action is the latest in the comeback of the Detroit auto industry
after the recession put its future in doubt. General Motors Co. also went
through bankruptcy and got a $49.5 billion U.S. bailout in exchange for giving
the government a 61 percent equity stake. The Treasury Department now owns 26.5
percent of GM after selling part of the stake in November.

The third Detroit automaker, Ford Motor Co., didn't seek a bailout.

It's not the first time Chrysler had to be rescued by the U.S. government. In
the early 1980s the company led by legendary pitchman Lee Iacocca, paid off $1
billion in government guaranteed loans in three years.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 16, 1990, Thursday, Final Edition

GAO Backs Tighter Rules on Government-Sponsored Enterprises

BYLINE: Jerry Knight, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE C2

LENGTH: 695 words


Citing parallels with the costly collapse of the savings and loan industry, the
General Accounting Office yesterday urged Congress to tighten regulation of the
family of "government-sponsored enterprises" that have made $ 800 billion in
low-interest loans for housing, agriculture and education backed by the
Treasury.

The GAO warned that the government "would not be prepared to prevent or mitigate
losses from a future crisis facing" the Federal National Mortgage Association
(Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac) or the Student
Loan Marketing Association (Sallie Mae), the three largest of the
government-chartered, privately owned businesses and some of the Washington
area's largest financial institutions.

The report called for requiring stockholders to put more of their money into the
firms to protect taxpayers against losses and for setting new limits on the
financial risks taken by all the enterprises.

The GAO report aligned the congressional watchdog agency with the Treasury
Department and the Office of Management and Budget against the
government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), which categorically reject comparisons
between their operations and the S&Ls and have launched an aggressive lobbying
campaign in Congress to thwart any move toward greater government oversight.

Unlike the thrifts, whose deposits are insured by the government, the Congress
has never explicitly promised to insure Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or the other
GSEs. But because the government created these corporations and gave them
special powers, investors have long counted on the government to protect the
GSEs from failing, the GAO said.

The government did intervene when the Farm Credit Banks got in trouble a few
years ago, promising up to $ 4 billion in assistance to the system, the GAO
pointed out, noting that "the Farm Credit and thrift crises vividly demonstrate
the effects of inadequate federal supervision."

None of the enterprises are in any financial trouble today, the report stressed,
but "the speed with which a firm can go from an apparently sound position to one
that is financially imperiled was seen in the thrift industry, the Farm Credit
System and Fannie Mae in the early 1980s," when that company almost failed
because of a sudden jump in interest rates.

The GAO said it would wait until next year to offer specific recommendations for
improving regulation of GSEs, but the question may be settled before then.

GSEs have become an issue in the budget negotiations between the White House and
Congress because OMB Director Richard G. Darman wants to include the cost of
backing the GSEs in the federal budget. Congressional negotiators led by Rep.
J.J. Pickle (D-Tex.) also want to get a handle on GSEs so that loan guarantee
programs are not used as a back-door way to finance programs outside the federal
budget.

Lobbyists for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have tried unsuccessfully to extract
themselves from the budget negotiations, but sources in the administration and
Congress said that both sides are determined to take action on GSEs so they
cannot be blamed if problems develop in the future.

The Treasury says the way to assure that GSEs never require a government bailout
is to require them to qualify for top AAA credit ratings from the private
agencies that evaluate the financial soundness of corporations. That proposal is
opposed by Fannie Mae, which says it would abdicate the government's role as a
private watchdog, but many Democrats in Congress are said to support the plan.

The GAO report did not comment on the Treasury's credit-rating proposal, but it
did endorse the administration's call for taking regulatory responsibility for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac away from the Department of Housing and Urban
Development and giving it to the Treasury or some other financial regulatory
agency.

The leading private critic of GSEs, Washington attorney Thomas Stanton, praised
the GAO effort. "The GAO report documents that the government is not properly
monitoring GSE risk-taking, does not have proper minimum capital standards in
place and lacks appropriate enforcement authority," he said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              928 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 25, 2008 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

MORTGAGE FINANCE

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 296 words

MORTGAGE FINANCE

Freddie Mac's Portfolio Shoots Up

Freddie Mac of McLean said its holdings of mortgage assets grew at a 28.6
percent annual rate last month, the fastest in two years. The portfolio expanded
by $16.7 billion, to $718 billion, in December after shrinking by about $30
billion over the previous three months. Freddie Mac moved to shore up its
capital two months ago, after reporting a record $2 billion loss, by selling $6
billion in preferred stock and halving its dividend.

 MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS

ICF to Buy Management Company

ICF International, a policy, management and technology consulting firm with
headquarters in Fairfax, said it agreed to buy privately held Jones & Stokes
Associates for $50 million. The California employee-owned management firm
focuses on the transportation, energy, water and natural resource sectors. The
deal is expected to close next month. The purchase price is subject to a working
capital adjustment at closing.

USA Today Buys Sports Web Site

USA Today, the largest U.S. newspaper by circulation, bought the operator of an
action sports Web site and advertising network to bolster online sales. USA
Today, owned by McLean-based Gannett, did not disclose the price. Banquet, based
in Pasadena, Calif., operates the BNQT.com site and Cold War Collective ad
network that includes 20 sites and blogs, USA Today said.

ENERGY

Dominion to Buy Stake in Wind Farm

Dominion Resources agreed to buy a 50 percent stake and some of the output of an
Indiana wind farm under development by BP to capitalize on rising demand for
renewable power. The farm will have 222 turbines producing as much as 400
megawatts by year-end, Richmond-based Dominion said.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2015

County Committee nomination period now underway

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 335  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture reports that the nomination period for local
Farm Service Agency county committees started June 15.

"Through the county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice. Their
opinions and ideas get to be heard on federal farm programs," said Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. "It is important for county committees to reflect
America's diversity, so I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers, including
beginning farmers, to get involved in this year's elections. We've seen an
increase in the number of nominations for qualified candidates, especially among
women and minorities, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on a FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where they are
nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign an FSA-669A nomination form. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available at
fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the election must be postmarked or
received in the local service center by close of business Aug. 3.

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots will
be due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 7.
Newly elected committee members and alternates will take office on Jan. 1.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms.

Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county
committees. Committees consist of three to 11 members that are elected by
eligible producers.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Vindicator


                              930 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

FSA county committee nominations to begin

BYLINE: From Reports

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 349 words


New Mexico FSA State Executive Director Lawrence Rael announced that the
nomination period for local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees begins
next Monday, June 17.

"I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers to participate in this year's
county committee elections by nominating candidates by the Aug. 1 deadline,"
said Rael. "County committees are a vital link between the farm community and
the U.S. Department of Agriculture and provide an opportunity to farmers and
ranchers for their opinions and ideas to be heard. We have been seeing an
increase in the number of nominations of women and minority candidates and I
hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area in which the
person is a candidate.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others, and organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign the nomination form,
FSA-669A.

The form and other information about FSA county committee elections are
available online atwww.fsa.usda.gov/elections .

Nomination forms for the 2013 election must be postmarked or received in the
local USDA Service Center by close of business on Aug. 1, 2013.

Elections will take place this fall.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.

Members serve three-year terms.

Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county
committees.

Committees consist of three to 11 members that are elected by eligible
producers.

FSA will mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 4.

The voted ballots are due back to the local county office either via mail or in
person by Dec. 2.

Newly elected committee members and alternates take office on Jan. 1, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 12, 1991 Friday
                                  Late Edition

FARROW SKIRTED LENDING LIMITS

BYLINE: MICHAEL GILL

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 627 words


Farrow group building societies used complex legal structures to get around
"strict limitations" on lending imposed by the Building Societies Act, according
to the report of the liquidator, Mr Tony Hodgson.

The affairs of 46 companies in the group were conducted "as though they were one
large entity", he said. Their administration paid "scant regard for the separate
interests" of creditors and members.

Mr Hodgson said there were:

* Transfers of cash for mortgages between societies when one or other needed
funds.

* Repurchases of non-withdrawable investing shares in one society by another.

* Transfers of mortgages between societies that allowed the acquirer to pledge
or sell mortgages to raise funds.

Mr Hodgson's report said that he would investigate a variety of matters related
to prudential obligations, including limits on powers to invest, notifications
of large exposures and disclosures of interests.

The report, which estimates that shareholders, creditors and depositors have
lost $717 million, said that it was in lending that "the societies'departure
from the traditional role of a building society is most evident".

Mr Hodgson said Farrow management developed "an extremely complex lending
structure" to circumvent legal limitations on loan security and interstate
regulations that would confine Farrow to Victoria.

Using Farrow Mortgage Services Pty Ltd as lender and then passing loans back to
the building societies, the Farrow group avoided the interstate barrier and
expanded lending into areas "outside the domain of building societies".

Mr Hodgson said $1.5 billion of $2 billion in Farrow group loans were made by
Farrow Mortgage Services for properties including hotels, motels, caravan parks,
office buildings, farms, hospitals, health resorts and retirement villages.

Mr Hodgson said the majority of loans in default were made by Farrow Mortgage
Services.

Another device, the "free tranche trust", was used to "top up" loans"beyond the
prudential limits".

Mr Hodgson used an example to indicate how the discretionary provisions of the
Act were applied through the trust to enable Farrow to lend 100 per cent of
construction costs on some projects.

More than $230 million was used to "top up" loans through the "free tranche
trust".

The result was that the societies' exposures were increased, making societies
the risk takers rather than the borrowers.

Mr Hodgson said safeguards in the Act were circumvented and speculative
borrowers with little or no money of their own were attracted to Farrow
societies.

Mr Hodgson confirmed that the capitalisation of interest was "a common feature"
of Farrow lending up to June 22, 1990. In some cases, borrowers were not
required to put any funds of their own into a project.

As a result, problems in the projects' financing were camouflaged until the loan
fell due.

The report also confirmed that upfront fees were common and, in many cases, were
actually capitalised on to the loan. The fees were also taken into the
societies' current-year profit and not amortised over the life of the loan.

Mr Hodgson said in the report that he had asked seven former directors of Farrow
companies to complete a report as to affairs required under the Companies Code.

In each case, the report was either returned blank, returned unsigned, or not
returned at all.

Mr Hodgson specified several matters that would be investigated, including

* A restructuring of the Farrow group on June 8, 1990 that shifted effective
ownership of the group to Geelong Building Society and ownership of the
management company to Farrow Securities Ltd.

* Repayment by Farrow Corporation Ltd of a $10 million facility to Societe
Generale on May 25, 1990 and the provision of $10 million by Societe Generale to
Pyramid Building Society on the same day.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1991 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 28, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fiat to Acquire Full U.S. Stake in Chrysler Within 10 Days

BYLINE: By NICK BUNKLEY

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 603 words


7:02 p.m. Updated

DETROIT - The Italian carmaker Fiat said Friday that it intended to buy the
United States government's full stake in Chrysler within 10 business days,
giving it majority ownership of Chrysler.

The purchase, announced three days after Chrysler paid back its outstanding
loans from the Treasury Department, would end the government's involvement in
Chrysler a little more than two years after the carmaker emerged from
bankruptcy. It also would return Chrysler to foreign control four years after
the dissolution of its merger with Daimler of Germany.

A Treasury spokesman, Mark Paustenbach, confirmed that the department had
received notice from Fiat that it would buy the shares, but he declined to
comment further.

Fiat and the Treasury will negotiate the purchase price, or have several
investment banks determine a fair value if they cannot agree.

Fiat would hold 52 percent of Chrysler after obtaining the government's shares.
Under its agreement with the federal government, Fiat was given the option to
buy the Treasury share within 12 months of Chrysler paying back its loans.

By the end of the year, Fiat said it expected to own 57 percent of the carmaker,
which is based in Auburn Hills, Mich. The partnership agreement of the companies
automatically gave 5 percent of Chrysler to Fiat when they begin producing a car
rated at 40 miles per gallon. Fiat originally owned 20 percent of Chrysler and
received 10 percent more as a result of helping Chrysler sell vehicles overseas
and produce a fuel-efficient engine based on Fiat technology in the United
States.

The chief executive of Fiat and Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, has said he expects
to have an initial public offering of Chrysler shares either late this year or
in 2012, but Fiat's decision to buy the government's stake could affect those
plans. Fiat has an option to raise its investment to more than 70 percent by
buying a portion of the stake owned by a trust fund that pays for unionized
retirees' health care costs.

On Tuesday, Fiat paid $1.3 billion to buy an additional 16 percent of Chrysler,
increasing its ownership to 46 percent, after Chrysler repaid $7.6 billion it
had borrowed from the American and Canadian governments.

''We are changing both the image and the substance of our group,'' Mr.
Marchionne said at the loan repayment ceremony. ''And we are regaining the faith
of the public at large and, even more importantly, of our customers.''

The Treasury has yet to recover about $2 billion of the $10.5 billion it lent to
Chrysler in 2008 and 2009. Some of the money went to the portion of the carmaker
- known as ''old Chrysler'' - that remained in bankruptcy, and is not expected
to be repaid. President Obama is scheduled to visit a Chrysler plant in Toledo,
Ohio, next week to highlight the company's turnaround and loan repayment.

Chrysler expects to be profitable this year for the first time since its
bankruptcy, a major milestone for a company that came close to being liquidated
before the government stepped in to prevent its collapse. It earned $116 million
in the first quarter, ending a streak of losses dating to 2006, and its sales
and market share in the United States have increased as a result of vastly
improved models like the Jeep Grand Cherokee sport utility vehicle.

The Treasury still owns 26 percent of another Detroit automaker, General Motors.
It plans to reduce its stake later this year, though it might delay that sale in
the hopes of receiving a better price.

Fiat's Notice of Intent to Buy Out U.S. Stake in Chrysler

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Web Log

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              933 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            January 22, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Gov't backs off from Big Sky; Reasserts its position of no new money for pork
producer; awaits creditor settlement

BYLINE: Cassandra Kyle, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 664  words


The provincial government re-stated its claim Thursday that it has not provided
Big Sky Farms Inc. with any new money after the company filed for creditor
protection in November.

Agriculture Minister Bob Bjornerud clarified the province's involvement with
Saskatchewan's largest pork producer after questions arose about a loan from the
government to the company that appears on a revised list of Big Sky creditors.

A new list of creditors, released in December, shows the provincial government
has a $4.6-million claim against the Humboldt-based company for a short-term hog
loan program. The claim did not appear in the original list of creditors, which
was released one month earlier.

Bjornerud said the claim is part of a loan program the provincial government
initiated for Saskatchewan's troubled hog and cattle sectors in December 2007,
shortly after the Saskatchewan Party was elected.

"And that funding, just to make it very clear, went right across the whole -- in
this case -- the hog sector, so every hog producer had access to that loan
program. Big Sky just happened to be the biggest one out there, but every hog
producer had access to it," he said.

GOV'T HAS 62 PER CENT OWNERSHIP

The minister suspects the loan didn't show up on the first list of creditors, as
the company had been up-to-date on its loan repayment plan.

"They were up-to-date with their loan, so it wouldn't show right away, and now
that they've gone through the process, of course, it's part of what the
settlement will be," Bjornerud said.

Big Sky filed for creditor protection under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement
Act (CCAA) late last year as a result of a prolonged downturn in the hog
industry.

The provincial government holds a 62 per cent ownership stake in the company,
having invested in excess of $30 million in Big Sky during the past several
years. The government says the majority of the investment dollars were invested
in the company by the former NDP government, with the Sask. Party investing only
a minimal amount -- around $3 million -- in the pork business.

Since Big Sky's CCAA filing, various government officials have stated on
numerous occasions the province does not plan on investing any more money in the
company.

Casey Smit, Big Sky's CEO, said he understands the government's decision not to
invest in the company again.

"The government's ownership portion of the company is no different than any
other shareholder and they've been very supportive over the years, but I mean,
at the end of the day, Big Sky needs to stand on its own two feet," Smit said.
"I don't have any issues with them with doing that. I mean, they're a
responsible shareholder."

INDUSTRY ON UPSWING

The CEO said all of Big Sky's operations are currently running at 100 per cent
capacity.

"The hog industry has really taken an upswing in the last little while, so it's
promising for the future," Smit said.

In a few weeks' time, Big Sky's unsecured creditors will meet in Saskatoon to
vote for or against a plan of arrangement that would see claimants receive
between 10 and 99 per cent of their claims back, depending on how much is owed.

According to the plan, people with claims up to $4,000 are set to receive 99 per
cent of their claim to a maximum of $3,960. Anyone with claims between $4,000
and $40,000 would receive an average of 31 per cent of their claim back, while
creditors owed more than $40,000 would see about 10 per cent of their claim
recovered.

If the plan is approved, that means the government would receive $46,000 back on
the $4.6 million remaining on the loan given to Big Sky two years ago. Other
provincial agencies, including Crown corporations, also appear on the creditor
list.

"It's taxpayer dollars that we're dealing with, so we're very concerned about
that money not coming back in," Bjornerud said, adding the government is in the
same position as the other creditors.

"I think we all have the same concern that we're all losing money with what
happened here."

ckyle@sp.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Criticos faults team for lock out in land lease talks

BYLINE: Nation Reporter -1

LENGTH: 265  words


A fresh dispute has erupted between former Taveta MP Basil Criticos and the
National Land Commission over a land lease in Taita Taveta County.Mr Criticos
has faulted the method the commission is using to handle the matter concerning
his Machungwani farm which is said to be targeted by squatters.

Speaking in Taveta town Wednesday, the former MP Criticos said the matter before
the commission was touching on private property and subjecting it to a public
discussion was bad.

Mr Criticos was speaking for the first time since he was locked out of a meeting
by Taveta leaders and attended by a Lands commissioner two weeks ago.

"Being locked out of a meeting that was discussing my property itself was an
indication that the commission was taking sides which should not be the case,"
he said.

The land in question was acquired in 1972 in an auction by the Standard
Chartered Bank following a loan default and has not been grabbed as alleged by
some leaders.

"I do not have any problem sitting in a meeting discussing the farm because I
have the right to understand the conditions involved in decision making as to
whether I qualify to have an extension of the lease or not,' he said.

He said his tribulations started in 2000 when the Kanu government turned against
him after he differed with the then President Daniel arap Moi.

He said on return from exile in 2003 that he found part of his farm invaded by
squatters some of whom were claiming ownership.

The lease expired in January and was not renewed despite an application by Mr
Criticos last year since the commission was not in operation by then.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            June 27, 1996, Thursday

MPs bare their assets

BYLINE: MATTHEW DENHOLM in Canbarra

LENGTH: 2726 words


Australia's federal politicians have had to turn out their pockets for

public scrutiny. MATTHEW DENHOLM, in Canberra, lists the contents.

FROM Paul Keating's piggery to John Hewson's Ferrari, Australians never

fail to be titillated by what their politicians own. But the issue

runs deeper than titillation. If members of the public are to have

confidence in the decisions made by their MPs, they must have access

to information about their financial interests.

It was a point not lost on the Prime Minister, Mr Howard, who, on

coming to office, introduced a conduct guide for his ministers. It

requires ministers to divest interests which could conflict with

ministerial duties. The Register of Members' Interests, tabled in

Parliament this week, showed many MPs dumped shares after taking

office to comply with this ruling. The Primary Industries Minister, Mr

Anderson, was forced to sell his wife's shares in Boral. Mr Anderson

sets woodchip export quotas; Boral exports woodchips.

The register also shows at least three Coalition MPs belong to gun

clubs a significant revelation, given the Howard gun crackdown.

And the register has its quirky side. The Foreign Affairs Minister, Mr

Downer, declares ownership of two sets of 24-carat gold-plated

chopsticks. A gift from a Singapore hotel, Mr Downer also had to

concede on the form that he may have mislaid them.

Mr Howard apparently has little to reveal. He has two mortgages on a

home in Wollstonecraft in Sydney and an overdraft facility with

Westpac. (Since the Prime Minister's move into The Lodge, this entry

has been marked "not currently occupied".)

The Opposition Leader, Mr Beazley, has a house in South Perth, a

mortgage and an overdraft, and he recently sold a flat in Canberra.

His wife jointly runs a TV production company.

Politicians' declared interests include:

Ministers in House of Reps

JOHN HOWARD Prime Minister. Qualified solicitor. Joint ownership of a

home in Wollstonecraft, Sydney. First and second mortgages and an

overdraft facility. Honorary membership of several golf clubs and

season passes to rugby and Australian Rules matches.

TIM FISCHER Deputy Prime Minister, Trade Minister. Former New South

Wales MP. Shares in companies including BHP, Clyde, Jardine Fleming,

Qantas and TNT. Family trust and partnership in family farming

business. Properties including a unit in Albury for accommodation, a

home and farm in Boree Creek (NSW), investment flats in Bronte and

Wagga Wagga, and a cattle farm in north-east Victoria. One bank loan.

Cash management trust with MLC, life insurance and a sedan car. Gifts

including free subscription to Bhutan's national newspaper and free

ride on the Philippines presidential helicopter. Club memberships,

including bushwalking, Vietnam veteran and golf clubs.

PETER COSTELLO Treasurer. Former barrister. Wife has shares in

Woolworths and Commonwealth Bank. Joint ownership (with wife) of home

in Camberwell (Victoria) with joint mortgage. Library worth more than

$5000 and superannuation. Free accommodation for self and wife

provided by the Nine Network during election commentary in March and

by Hudson Conway for an Olympic dinner.

JOHN ANDERSON Primary Industries and Energy Minister. Farmer and

grazier. Spouse has shares in companies including Wattyl, Westpac and

Coles Myer. Family investment trust and home and farm in Mullaley

(NSW). Partnership in family farm. Several loans, with an occasional

overdraft facility, and lease for farm machinery. Study tours

sponsored by the USA Information Service to the United States in 1992,

to Britain in 1994 and to NZ in 1994. Life member of the University of

Sydney Union. Recently sold a property, wound up a company and sold

wife's shares in Boral, Forests and CSR.

PETER REITH Industrial Relations Minister. Former company director and

solicitor. Shares in an independent school, Newhaven College

Cooperative. Two homes, jointly owned with wife, in Victoria. One

vacant block of land, recently sold. Mortgage, AMP insurance policy.

Free subscription to The Economist magazine. Guest at Melbourne

Olympic fundraising function with wife in May. Member of several

school groups.

ALEXANDER DOWNER Foreign Affairs Minister. Former diplomat. Shares in

companies including Foster's, Pacific Dunlop, Westpac and Woolworths.

Investment trust. Wife and children also have several investment

trusts. Home in Bridgewater (South Australia) with mortgage and a

Toyota station-wagon. Wife is director of a marketing company and

tourism and arts bodies. Member of several international affairs

institutes and the Macclesfield RSL. Recently divested shares in

Rhodes mining and applied for shares in Talon Resources. Received

range of official gifts, including gold-plated chopsticks and three

monkeys carved from fish bone.

JOHN MOORE Industry, Science and Tourism Minister. Former company

director. Two homes in Queensland, jointly owned with wife. Two rural

properties in Queensland. Director of Ralsten Pty Ltd (activities of

company not listed). Several loan facilities. Other assets including

life insurance, superannuation, car and paintings worth more than

$5000. Received free accommodation at the opening of the Reef Hotel in

Cairns. Member of several sports clubs and the Lord Taverners Club.

Recently sold shares in Walhalla Mining, Pacific Dunlop, Ralsten, Sea

FM, AMP and resigned as board member of Lizard Island Reef Research

Foundation.

IAN McLACHLAN Defence Minister. Former farmer and company director.

Shares in Cambridge Gulf Exploration, Grindells Pty Ltd, Wheepool Pty

Ltd, IM McLachlan Nominees and Fuller Court Investments. Spouse has

shares in Foster's, Southcorp, Fuller Court and Ariadne Australia Ltd.

Director of series of companies including Fuller Court, Grindells and

Rosebank Pty Ltd. Family trust. Block of land in Robe (SA), owned

jointly with spouse, and an overdraft with Elders Ltd. Other assets

including superannuation and life insurance.

JOHN SHARP Transport Minister. Former farmer. Shares in National Foods

and Advance Bank. Family trust. Home in Goulburn and investment

property in Noosa. Business, housing and personal loans. Occasional

hospitality "by a wide range of people", including flights in a

plane on five occasions. Children have benefited from use of

frequent-flier points.

MICHAEL WOOLDRIDGE Health Minister. Former doctor. Shares in Ballarat

Tennis Club. Home in Surrey Hills, investment property in Kew and

family holding in Khancoban. Overdraft, mortgage and investment loan.

Received free night's accommodation paid for by the Australian Private

Hospital Association. Member of the Australian Medical Association.

JOHN FAHEY Finance Minister. Former NSW premier. Shares in and

directorship of Lochreach Investments, which owns a property occupied

by Mr Fahey's parents. Shares in Bridge Oil. Home in Burradoo (NSW)

and block of land in Manyana (NSW), both owned jointly with spouse.

Mortgage and overdraft on Burradoo home and hire purchase on car. Life

insurance. Wife recently bought a Canberra apartment. Member of NSW

Law Society.

Ministers in the Senate

ROBERT HILL Environment Minister. Former barrister and solicitor. Home

in Unley Park (South Australia) and three investment properties a

house in Canberra, a house in Goolwa (SA) and a unit in Darling Point

(New South Wales). Shares in, and directorship of, Toga Nominees

trustee of a family trust. One mortgage. Other assets worth more than

$5000 include a car, antique furniture and art. Consultant to Adelaide

law firm.

RICHARD ALSTON Communications and Arts Minister. Former barrister.

Home in Kew (Victoria), jointly owned with wife, with mortgage. Shares

in Commonwealth Bank, QCT Ltd and Mam Pty Ltd. Interest in investment

trust and directorship of Mam. Last month, retired as director of a

retirement village company. One car worth more than $5000. Recent

gifts include an overnight stay on a farm property last month. Gifts

since 1994 include a flight to and accommodation in the United States

to attend a communications symposium, flight upgrade while part of a

delegation to China and flights and accommodation in China provided by

the Chinese Institute of Foreign Affairs.

JOCELYN NEWMAN Social Security Minister. Former barrister and

solicitor, heritage developer and hotelier. Recently bought shares in

Qantas and BHP, took out a house mortgage and overdraft facility and

received income from investments. Also recently ended directorship of

a property and accommodation company, Frome Holdings, in which she

holds shares. Owns home in Canberra for use during parliamentary

sittings. Member of Care Australia, Garvan Institute Foundation Appeal

for Breast Cancer and the Launceston Foundation.

AMANDA VANSTONE Employment, Education, Training and Youth Affairs

Minister. Former solicitor, retailer and wholesaler. Recently acquired

shares in the Scott Corporation to add to shares in ANZ, CRA, MIM,

CSR, Fauldings, Boral and Woolworths. Recently treated to

"hospitality" paid by Philip Morris. Previous gifts have included

wine from Rosemount Estate and Chapel Hill Winery. Recently ended

involvement in a family business trust and a partnership in Glenstrae

Pastoral Co, sold a property in Willalooka (SA) and finalised a

mortgage and a loan. Remaining properties include a home in Gilberton

(SA), a home in Canberra and an investment property in Parkside (SA).

Member of the Queen Adelaide Club and the Royal Zoological Society.

MHRs from SA

Liberal Member for Makin, Trish Draper: Family home at Modbury

Heights, mortgage with the ANZ Bank. Member of Tea Tree Gully

Development Board.

Liberal Member for Kingston, Sue Jeanes: Family home at Happy Valley,

mortgage with ANZ, credit with AGC, superannuation with National

Mutual, member Urban Ecology Australia.

Liberal Member for Hindmarsh, Chris Gallus: Four thousand ordinary

shares Schier Investments Pty Ltd, 1100 ordinary shares Winsi Nominees

Pty Ltd, 100 shares Lugtel Pty Ltd, investment trust Lisani Pty Ltd,

house and unit at Glenelg jointly owned with spouse, $82,852 loan

Schier Investments Pty Ltd, $101,483 loan Gallus Family Trust.

Labor Member for Bonython, Martyn Evans: Family home at Elizabeth

South, parents' home at Elizabeth Grove, ANZ and Adelaide Bank

mortgages, managed investment fund BT Australia, SGIC superannuation

rollover fund, business-class travel to Singapore and hotel expenses

as a member of the ALP caucus transport committee January 8 to 12.

Liberal Member for Grey, Barry Wakelin: Interest in Stockland Trust

Group, farm at Kimba, house at Kimba, residence at Adelaide, housing,

farming and tractor loans.

Liberal Member for Boothby, Andrew Southcott: Shares in Woolworths,

Adelaide Steamship, BHP, Southcorp. Personal loan IOOF of Victoria

Friendly Society, industrial share fund, property securities fund,

long-term bond investment, superannuation and investment services with

Asgard Capital Management Pty Ltd.

Labor Member for Port Adelaide, Rod Sawford: Residential properties at

North Haven and Fitzroy. BankSA mortgages. Member of many clubs and

organisations, including Port Adelaide Tennis Club and West Adelaide

Basketball Club.

Liberal Member for Wakefield, Neil Andrew: Shares in David Jones, Argo

Investments and Adelaide Steamship Company. Irrigation property at

Willaston, residences at Wayville, Willaston and Queanbeyan, NSW. Wife

has residence in Canberra. Both member and wife have total of three

loans with ANZ Bank. Member of Liberal Party and Uniting church and a

raft of other organisations.

Liberal Member for Sturt, Mr Christopher Pyne: Shares with CRA, Carter

Holt Harvey Ltd, family home at Burnside with National Australia

mortgage, hospitality with wife provided by Phillip Morris Ltd at

Australian Grand Prix in 1995. Member of several clubs, including

Adelaide City Soccer Club and SA Cricket Association. Consultant to

Thomsons barristers and solicitors.

Liberal member for Adelaide, Ms Trish Worth: 100 North Flinders

shares, family home at Netherby, home loan BankSA.

Outer ministry

Philip Ruddock, Immigration and Multicultural Affairs Minister. Former

solicitor. Two homes owned with wife Pennant Hills (NSW) and

Canberra. Shares in Plaza Developments Pty Ltd. Overdraft. Fixed-term

deposit, life insurance, superannuation.

Peter McGauran, Science and Technology Minister. Former barrister and

solicitor. Shares in McGauran (Gippsland) Pty Ltd, McGauran

(Properties) Pty Ltd, and McGauran (Downtowner). Business trust. House

in Nambrok (Vic) with mortgage. Personal loan.

David Kemp, Schools, Vocational Education and Training Minister.

Former consultant and professor of politics. Wife owns shares in BHP.

Home in Brighton (Vic) with a mortgage and overdraft. Superannuation

and roll-over funds. Member of Melbourne Cricket Club and HR Nicholls

Society.

Geoff Prosser, Small Business and Consumer Affairs Minister. Former

comany director and builder. Two homes Bunbury (WA) and Canberra and

commercial and investment properties in Bunbury. Owner of GD Prosser

Engineers business. Shares and directorship in several Prosser

companies, including Prosser Homes, Prosser Management and Prosser

Property Investment. Family and business trusts and an investment

account.

Judi Moylan, Family Services Minister. Former real estate agent and

company director. Recent gifts included a captain's chair from an

upholstery company worth $1100. Three family trust companies. Home

in Scarborough (WA) and investment property in Claremont (WA) with

mortgage.

Bronwyn Bishop, Defence Industry, Science and Personnel Minister.

Former solicitor and company director. Two homes Newport (NSW) and

Barton (ACT). One mortgage and an overdraft and several credit cards.

Bank investment and term deposits. Director of several foundations,

including Dame Pattie Menzies Foundation.

Daryl Williams, Attorney-General and Minister for Justice. QC.

Malaysian Government paid for accommodation, transport, security and

"hospitality" for a Commonwealth Law Ministers' meeting in April.

Shares in WA Research Institute for Child Health, Australian Law

Council Foundation and property holding and investment company

Alacrity Pty Ltd. Business trust and directorship of Alacrity. Home in

Mt Pleasant (WA); holiday home in South Yunderup (WA) and

"recreation" property in Hovea (WA). Overdraft and housing loans.

Term deposits and other assets worth more than $5000, including life

insurance, superannuation, cars and office furniture.

Warwick Smith, Sport, Territories and Local Government Minister.

Former Telecommunications Ombudsman. Earlier this year ended

partnership with wife in legal firm. Two homes Relbia (Tas) and

Canberra, with mortgages. Investment trust and superannuation.

Bruce Scott, Veterans' Affairs Minister. Former wool and grain grower.

Shares in Primac Holdings Pty Ltd, JM Scott Pty Ltd and Crochdantigh

Pty Ltd, which is trustee for a family investment trust. Owns two

homes and shares in a range of firms, including Seven Network,

Commonwealth Bank and Village Roadshow. Superannuation.

David Jull, Administrative Services Minister. Former TV executive.

Treated by Philip Morris to a corporate box at Indy car race in

Surfers Paradise in March. Home in Mansfield (Qld) with mortgage.

John Herron, Aboriginal Affairs Minister. General surgeon. Family

trust investing mostly in property. Home in Ashgrove (Qld). Income

from term deposit and part-time medical practice.

Jim Short, Assistant Treasurer. Former business manager and

bureaucrat. Share portfolio including BHP, CRA, CSR, ANZ, Boral,

Bridge Oil, Pasminco, Jennings Industries, and AGL. Family trust and

joint ownership of a home in Brunswick (Vic), holiday home in Anglesea

(Vic) and investment property in Brunswick (Vic). Three mortgages.

Income from investments.

Warwick Parer, Resources and Energy Minister. Former company director.

Recently resigned as director of Qld Coal Mine Management Pty Ltd and

finalised a mortgage. Shares in QDL and Metway Bank. Family and

business investment trusts. Home in Brisbane, holiday home on Gold

Coast and two investment properties in Brisbane.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              936 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday

FSA office closing plan facts askew

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 729 words


When word leaked Sept. 15 that the U.S. Department of Agriculture planned to
close more than 700 of it 2,353 Farm Service Agency offices around the country,
reaction among Capitol Hill aggies was swift and mostly unkind.

"This proposal is ill-advised and ill-conceived ... (and) yet another example of
how out of touch Washington, D.C. is with life in rural America. ..."

"The USDA put the cart before the horse with their FSA Tomorrow plan ... (there
was) little or not consultation with local offices or our farmers and producer
groups."

And this from two of the administration's staunchest Republicans allies; the
first Illinois' U.S. Rep. Tim Johnson, the latter Missouri's Sen. Jim Talent.

With friends like that it didn't take long before USDA's FSA Tomorrow, an
out-of-the-blue blueprint to shutter 30 percent of USDA's farm
program-administrating local offices throughout the U.S, was fried.

Within a week of the plan's leak, the Senate voted to prohibit any FSA county
office from closing until USDA presented Congress with a more detailed analysis
of the plan's impact and cost. The Senate Ag Committee will hold a hearing on
the plan Oct. 20.

If the yet-to-be-done analysis is anything like the background material USDA
used to support the office closure idea, Congress likely will laugh itself silly
when the document hits Capitol Hill.

For example, one of the talking points USDA recommended state Farm Service
Agency directors use to sell the staff-cutting plan to the locals was that "FSA
has 2,351 offices nationwide. There are 619 John Deere dealers in the United
States selling agricultural equipment."

The comparison -- which resembles something an urban MBA wannabe might draw
after a 10-minute surf of the web -- is ridiculous and deceiving.

First, most Deere dealers operate multiple sites. So 619 dealers -- FSA's
number, not Deere's -- nationwide actually own and operate, according to Deere,
1,600 locations, or more than two-and-a-half as many as FSA's faulty comparison
would have you believe.

Second, while FSA is the only federal farm program administrator in town, Deere
isn't the only iron seller. CaseIH has about 700 dealers nationwide and more
than 1,100 sales and service sites; AGCO has 1,200 dealers in North America who
operate more than 1,500 sales and service sites.

Combined, the Big Three (excluding the thousands of short-line implement dealers
scattered across the U.S.) have nearly twice the presence in rural America than
FSA.

And for good reason: it works best for them and best for their customers, a
concept FSA bosses need to reacquaint themselves with.

(There's some evidence they already have. When USDA placed the "talking points"
memo on FSA's website, the misleading Deere comparison had been removed from the
memo given earlier to state FSA directors.)

Another baloney-laced statistic USDA uses to sell its desire to control farm
program delivery from Washington explains that "FSA's Farm Loan employees are
located in only 35 percent of our county offices, yet they serve the identical
geographical regions that our farm program employees serve in all 2,351
offices."

Again, reasonable sounding until you compare the workloads of FSA's loan
officers to those of FSA farm program officers.

In 2003, FSA doled out $3.8 billion in farm loans to fewer than 30,000 farm
borrowers while FSA county offices issued millions of farm program checks
totaling more than $25.4 billion to hundreds of thousands of producers.

Another FSA talking point whopper claims that country FSA offices are a holdover
from the Depression when one in four Americans lived on a farm while today "only
one in 750 Americans live on a commercial farm."

More hogwash. Farm program benefits are tied to land ownership, not to where the
landowners live. Since many, if not most, of today's landowners live in town,
the number of "commercial farm" dwellers county FSA offices deal with is
perfectly meaningless.

But meaninglessness is what you come to expect from an administration and USDA
that continue to sell trade deals than don't deliver more trade, farm programs
that deliver more profit to agribusiness than to farmers and ranchers, and
crackpot plans -- like FSA Tomorrow -- to fix that which isn't broken.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is agcomm@sbcglobal.net

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                              937 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2009 Friday

CZM grants extension for Dolphin Cove construction start

BYLINE: Aldeth Lewin, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Dec. 4--ST. THOMAS -- The $60 million Dolphin Cove vacation home development on
the East End of St. Thomas will have another year to break ground after a
decision made Thursday by the St. Thomas Coastal Zone Management Committee.

The committee also voted to allow the St. Thomas Swimming Association to build a
permanent, wooden sunshade along one edge of the pool in Estate Nazareth.

The major CZM permit for Dolphin Cove was signed in November 2007 with the
condition that the project must begin construction within 12 months. The
economic downturn prevented the project from moving forward in that timeframe,
so the developers asked for -- and received -- a one-year permit extension last
year.

The economic recession forced the developers to seek a second extension from the
St. Thomas CZM Committee on Thursday.

Dave Marriner, Dolphin Cove owner, said the project's lender is Scotiabank. In
the midst of an economic crisis last year, ScotiaBank told the developers that
they were implementing a moratorium on all construction loans.

Since then, Marriner told the CZM members that Scotiabank has come back to him
and offered to lend the money with some new conditions. The major condition is
that the developers pre-sell the units and collect $50,000 to $100,000 deposits,
depending on the type of unit, before the construction begins.

Marriner said Dolphin Cove is now about to launch an aggressive marketing
campaign to lure potential buyers. They already have 500 people who have
expressed interest through their website.

"We feel we've been through the worst of the turmoil," Marriner said. "Every
month, we get indications that the market is strengthening."

Plans call for 104 vacation home units -- priced between $700,000 and $2.1
million -- to be spread among 32 duplex buildings, four single-family bungalows
and four three-story condominium buildings. Marriner said the units are for full
ownership, not timeshare or fractional ownership.

Located off Ridge Road in Estate Nazareth, the development will have a tennis
court, three swimming pools, a reverse osmosis plant, a wastewater treatment
plant, 147 parking spaces and a 7,000-square-foot community center on the
22Ã[#x192]Â[#x201a]-acre site.

The community center and beach club would be built on the footprint of the old
Dolphin House from which the project gets its name. It was formerly a U.S. Navy
installation where dolphins were trained to assist in naval operations.

The request for extension was passed by the committee with one dissenting vote
and one abstention. Committee member Sarah Simmonds abstained because she is a
licensed real estate agent. Winston Adams voted against the project because he
said he wanted bank documents showing that financing would be forthcoming in the
next year.

Members voting for the extension were Richard Brown, Fern LaBorde, and Austin
Monsanto.

"I wish you well," Monsanto said. "I personally know how long you've been at
this, the time and money you've spent."

The committee unanimously approved a permit modification for the St. Thomas
Swimming Association as well Thursday.

The association has a swimming pool in Estate Nazareth where it has swim meets,
teach classes and hold other activities. The modification is to build a wooden
sunshade along the southern pool edge -- the side closest to the road -- with
solar panels on top of it. The solar panels will power the pool's pumps.

Mike Dehaas, from Springline Architects, said the structure will be funded
through a donation from the Lana Vento Foundation. He said the association is in
the process of applying to the V.I. Energy Office for a grant to fund the solar
panels.

The sunshade will replace the makeshift tents that are at the poolside currently
to provide cover for spectators, lifeguards and swimmers.

The modification was approved with no questioning by the committee.

"I think they need that type of facility," Simmonds said.

- Contact reporter Aldeth Lewin at 774-8772 ext. 311 or e-mail
alewin@dailynews.vi

To see more of The Virgin Islands Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Virgin
Islands Daily News, St. Thomas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20091204-1VI-CZM-grants-extension-for-Dolphin-Cove-construction-start-1204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              938 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 20, 1983, Wednesday, Final Edition

Hill Conferees Agree on Senate Pay Raise

BYLINE: By Helen Dewar, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 1114 words


House-Senate conferees agreed last night to give senators a $9,100 annual pay
raise but to limit their outside earnings from speech-making to $20,940, as they
neared approval of a final omnibus appropriations bill for the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

Under heavy Senate pressure, they also agreed to drop a House-proposed
moratorium on leasing of federally owned coal and provided instead for creation
of a commission to examine the controversial leasing practices of Interior
Secretary James G. Watt.

In contention when the conferees recessed until today was President Reagan's
request for $50 million in additional military assistance for El Salvador, $8.5
billion for the International Monetary Fund and spending for various social
welfare programs, including $225 million for health insurance for the
unemployed.

Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Mark O. Hatfield (R-Ore.) said
compromise proposals for Salvadoran aid ranged from $15 million to $40 million.
Earlier, the Senate had voted to give Reagan his full request, while the House
had denied all of it.

Under threat of a veto, conferees trimmed about $1 billion in Senate-proposed
spending and loan authority to which Reagan had objected, although some
big-ticket items remain to be resolved. Among items dropped were about $400
million in rural water and sewer loans, farm ownership loans and soil
conservation.

In abandoning the coal-leasing moratorium, conferees also avoided what Sen.
James A. McClure (R-Idaho) described as another almost certain veto pitfall,
although for a time they leaned toward taking the risk.

"Jim Watt can do a lot of damage in the time you're waiting" for a commission
report, complained Sen. Dale Bumpers (D-Ark.) in trying to prod the House to
stand firm for a moratorium.

Passage of the spending bill is viewed as urgent because it includes funds to
continue payment for food stamps, which otherwise will expire by Aug. 1. The
government has sent out warnings to states, which some fear could jeopardize
full payments at the start of next month.

Approval of senators' new pay levels and honorarium limits came after an
abortive attempt by Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) to have the honorarium ceiling
raised to $30,000. The House politely but firmly quashed that.

The increase would raise senators' annual pay from $60,662.50 to $69,800, which
House members approved for themselves last year. At that time, however, senators
refused the pay raise and chose earning unlimited income from speech-making.

In the meantime, a furor broke out over senators' huge outside earnings from
speeches, prompting the House to try imposing a limit on senators' moonlighting.
The Senate finally agreed to a limit equivalent to 30 percent of salary and
later voted to take the same pay raise taken by the House the year before. But
it insisted on delaying the honorarium limit to next January, which the House
agreed to in conference.

Conferees also agreed to appointment of a consulting architect to oversee
restoration of the West Front of the Capitol. The Senate had insisted on the
appointment because Capitol Architect George White long has advocated extending
the West Front. Both houses had ended the long debate about how to repair the
crumbling front in favor of restoration, not extension.  Hill Conferees Agree on
Senate Pay Raise By Helen Dewar Washington Post Staff Writer

House-Senate conferees agreed last night to give senators a $9,100 annual pay
raise but to limit their outside earnings from speech-making to $20,940, as they
neared approval of a final omnibus appropriations bill for the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

Under heavy Senate pressure, they also agreed to drop a House-proposed
moratorium on leasing of federally owned coal and provided instead for creation
of a commission to examine the controversial leasing practices of Interior
Secretary James G. Watt.

In contention when the conferees recessed until today was President Reagan's
request for $50 million in additional military assistance for El Salvador, $8.5
billion for the International Monetary Fund and spending for various social
welfare programs, including $225 million for health insurance for the
unemployed.

Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Mark O. Hatfield (R-Ore.) said
compromise proposals for Salvadoran aid ranged from $15 million to $40 million.
Earlier, the Senate had voted to give Reagan his full request, while the House
had denied all of it.

Under threat of a veto, conferees trimmed about $1 billion in Senate-proposed
spending and loan authority to which Reagan had objected, although some
big-ticket items remain to be resolved. Among items dropped were about $400
million in rural water and sewer loans, farm ownership loans and soil
conservation.

In abandoning the coal-leasing moratorium, conferees also avoided what Sen.
James A. McClure (R-Idaho) described as another almost certain veto pitfall,
although for a time they leaned toward taking the risk.

"Jim Watt can do a lot of damage in the time you're waiting" for a commission
report, complained Sen. Dale Bumpers (D-Ark.) in trying to prod the House to
stand firm for a moratorium.

Passage of the spending bill is viewed as urgent because it includes funds to
continue payment for food stamps, which otherwise will expire by Aug. 1. The
government has sent out warnings to states, which some fear could jeopardize
full payments at the start of next month.

Approval of senators' new pay levels and honorarium limits came after an
abortive attempt by Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) to have the honorarium ceiling
raised to $30,000. The House politely but firmly quashed that.

The increase would raise senators' annual pay from $60,662.50 to $69,800, which
House members approved for themselves last year. At that time, however, senators
refused the pay raise and chose earning unlimited income from speech-making.

In the meantime, a furor broke out over senators' huge outside earnings from
speeches, prompting the House to try imposing a limit on senators' moonlighting.
The Senate finally agreed to a limit equivalent to 30 percent of salary and
later voted to take the same pay raise taken by the House the year before. But
it insisted on delaying the honorarium limit to next January, which the House
agreed to in conference.

Conferees also agreed to appointment of a consulting architect to oversee
restoration of the West Front of the Capitol. The Senate had insisted on the
appointment because Capitol Architect George White long has advocated extending
the West Front. Both houses had ended the long debate about how to repair the
crumbling front in favor of restoration, not extension.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              939 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                October 19, 2008

Blessed are the &#163

SECTION: BUSINESS; Entrepreneur Challenge; Pg.2

LENGTH: 554 words


A SOMERSET dairy is the latest regional winner of the competition to find
Britain's most exciting entrepreneur. Wyke Farms beat a strong and diverse group
of finalists to win the southwest England and South Wales prize in the £ 35m
Bank of Scotland Corporate Entrepreneur Challenge.

The family-owned company won a £ 5m three-year, interest-free loan and a place
in December's national final at the award ceremony in Bath's Guildhall last
Thursday. Richard Clothier, managing director of Wyke Farms and the third
generation of the family to run the business, said winning the prize would
enable the firm to meet ambitious targets to become the leading cheddar brand in
the UK.

"It will make a huge difference in terms of raising our profile. In the current
economic climate, the loan is a massive plus for us. We have a huge investment
to make over the next two to three years as we expand. This will enable us to
make progress at twice the pace."

He said of his business thinking: "I'm a cheese technologist who got involved
with sales and marketing through product development for the supermarkets. I
realised that marketing was a strategic and technical process. We laid down a
plan and over the past four years we've delivered that plan."

The company's record and its understanding of its markets helped convince the
judges, he added. "We've proved that a relatively small business can mix it with
the plcs. We demonstrated an awareness of the retail dynamics of our business
and showed we could translate our consumer research into an effective consumer
message."

The business was set up by Clothier's grandmother Ivy with a secret cheese
recipe in 1902. Sales grew at 63% last year to £ 60m and the Bruton-based
business, which employs 320, made 1,800 tonnes of cheddar last year. It had been
selling to local delicatessens, independent shops and pubs before Clothier took
over and began a campaign to sell to the supermarkets, initially with its
low-cholesterol cheese Leskol.

The judges found it difficult to choose between the finalists, who included
renewable electricity firm Ecotricity, cruise ship retail operator Harding
Brothers, television and film production company Films at 59 and the London
Women's Clinic, which runs fertility clinics.

Jim French, chairman of the judging panel and chief executive officer of Flybe,
said: "Wyke had a very clear strategy for how they increased their customer base
and it was clear the funding would provide a step change in the business."

The other entrepreneur on the panel, Ron Jones, founder and executive chairman
of media company Tinopolis, said the judges "were looking for someone who had a
plan and could deliver on it. The transformation of a family business into
something much bigger is a huge challenge, which they have embraced".

According to James Farrar, head of marketing at Bank of Scotland Corporate: "It
came down to the entrepreneur and our belief in their ability to deliver. The
way Richard went up to collect his award with his team said it all. He spoke
about the team being the entrepreneur and he spoke with conviction.

"This is a business with strong branding and packaging. They are taking on the
big guys, they are doing the quality and the design better and they're taking
market share off them."

Andrew Stone

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: st


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 14, 1981 Tuesday

Minister called embarrassment   Farmers want Henderson out

BYLINE: SYLVIA STEAD; GAM

LENGTH: 712 words


By  SYLVIA STEAD
   A group representing more than 700 farmers in Wellington County has sent
 a telegram to Ontario Premier William Davis demanding the resignation of
 Agriculture Minister Lorne Henderson.

The county's Federation of Agriculture wants Mr. Henderson out because,
 the farmers say, he has not responded to the crippling burden of high
 interest rates which has forced scores of farmers into bankruptcy and will
 force more deeper into debt this spring when they must finance new crops.

County federation president Brian Crawley said that having Mr.
 Henderson as the minister is 'an embarrassment to the intelligence and
 integrity of farmers. Farmers are not the hicks they were portrayed to be
 in the past."
    Mr. Crawley said Mr. Henderson does not seem to have the fortitude to
 persuade Government to help farmers. 'Who else but the Minister of
 Agriculture will do the fighting for us?"
    Agriculture is a highly complex business and it needs someone 'who can
 convey the message on a high level, not someone with a folksy image," Mr.
 Crawley said.

Mr. Henderson, a burly farmer who stands more than six feet tall and
 weighs 285 pounds, is unabashedly pro-Lambton County. His family pig farm
 in Lambton is now run by his son David.

He said he is worried about the plight of the farmers, but not about
 the call for his resignation. 'I am worried about our farmers, our
 genuine legitimate farmers. The consumers of this province had have cheap
 food for a long time and if the price don't increase soon, they won't have
 so much local food."
    Mr. Henderson said Mr. Crawley is entitled to his say, but the minister
 feels confident in his post in the majority Conservative Government. "We
 just came through an election and the people spoke. Let's look at the
 votes in the ridings I visited and my riding. I've got a lot of farmers
 there. I'll let them talk. I'm not unhappy with myself," he said.

On the question of high interest rates, Mr. Henderson said he talked
 with some farmers this week and told them the federal Government caused
 the high interest rates. "I promised them nothing other than I would do a
 letter to the federal Agriculture Minister . . . . How do you expect the
 province to correct something caused by the senior Government?"
    One problem is that most subsidy plans would offer farmers a maximum
 $7,500 subsidy for high interest rates. Mr. Henderson said that with
 farmers losing $50,000 a year this proposal would 'just put salt in the
 wounds. It is more serious than that."
    He said he is studying interest subsidy plans, but would make no
 promises. The spring Throne Speech is finished and contains no such plan,
 he said.

New Democratic Party agriculture critic Donald MacDonald said Mr.
 Henderson is a 'superb back-concession politician, but at best he has
 rather a tenuous grasp of what really needs to be done for agriculture."
    Mr. MacDonald said that Mr. Henderson and the Government acted on the
 farmers' concerns over foreign ownership only after a great deal of
 pressure. 'I don't think he has any understanding of agriculture's place
 in the economy and as the key in the food industry."
    The Wellington County federation's call for Mr. Henderson's resignation
 will be debated at the full Ontario Federation of Agriculture directors'
 meeting April 22. OFA president Ralph Barrie is unsure what will happen at
 that meeting.
    'Our board is a fairly conservative bunch, but I was surprised last
 summer when the vote on Mr. Henderson passed," Mr. Barrie said. The OFA
 voted last summer to ask for Mr. Henderson's resignation if he failed to
 take  action on complaints about increasing foreign ownership of farms.
 MThis resolution is more strongly worded in calling outright for his
 resignation.

Last year, 135 Ontario farmers filed for bankruptcy and this year the
 situation is even more serious, Mr. Barrie said. In one area in Southern
 Ontario, 30 farmers have not been able to pay their bills for last year's
 crops.

Complaints about Mr. Henderson's role as minister have been simmering
 for months. During the recent provincial election campaign, farmers from
 across the province complained that Mr. Henderson was too old-fashioned to
 deal with the modern business of agriculture and too concerned about his
 local riding of Lambton.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Small Banks Get One More Place to Farm Out Mortgage Lending

BYLINE: Brian Collins

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 179 No. 38

LENGTH: 333  words


FBC Mortgage, a unit of the investment bank Sterne Agee Group, is seeking
partnerships with community banks that want to farm out their single-family
mortgage originations.

The Orlando lender has entered into mortgage referral arrangements with four
community banks in Florida, most recently HomeBanc in Tampa. As part of the
deals, FBC hires the bank's mortgage personnel.

"We take their [mortgage banking] people and give them a home to take care of
their clients and customers," says Joe Nunziata, a co-chief executive at FBC.

Many community banks lack the infrastructure to comply with the qualified
mortgage regulations and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau audits, or
sufficient loan volume to cover the costs, Nunziata says.

In addition, commercial lending is coming back and it is more profitable than
residential lending, where margins are compressed and origination volumes are
low.

"I think a lot of banks are starting to focus more on the commercial market
right now," Nunziata says. "They don't have the issues on the commercial side as
they do with residential."

Other mortgage specialists anticipate increased demand for such services from
small depositories. Last month, for example, Freedom Mortgage in Mount Laurel,
N.J., created a division that offers mortgage outsourcing for small to midsize
financial institutions.

Sterne Agree has investment banking relationships with hundreds of community
banks. It also has a correspondent mortgage lending unit that works with 50
community banks.

The HomeBanc referral partnership could result in 2,000 single-family
originations this year. The community bank will not maintain an ownership
interest in the loans. FBC will service them and retain most of the servicing
rights.

"We try to retain as much of the servicing as possible," Nunziata says said, and
"treat their customers as good as we can treat them."

HomeBanc did not respond to requests for comment.

FBC Mortgage is a Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac seller/servicer and a Ginnie Mae
issuer.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 6, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW JERSEY OPINION?IS 'GARDEN STATE' AN ANACHRONISM

BYLINE: By BARBARA W. McCONNELL

SECTION: Section 11; New Jersey; Page 22, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 748 words


IT'S distressing and embarrassing, but New Jersey's nickname - the Garden State
- is fast becoming an anachronism. We earned that nickname - and rightly so -
decades ago, when our hundreds of truck farms supplied the populous Philadelphia
and New York City markets with much of their produce.

However, those truck farms have been gradually disappearing from New Jersey's
landscape. They have been swallowed up by housing and/or industrial developments
or incorporated into massive farming operations that are owned, most often, by
business executives with no long-term commitment to agriculture or the state.

There are telltale and unmistakable signs of this decline, among them:

- More than half of New Jersey's farms are now owned by nonfarmers.

- The average age of the New Jersey farmer has now risen to 56.

- New Jersey farms are diminishing in number and increasing in size.  Taken
together, these facts point to a significant, and insidious, trend in the
economics of land use.  It's easy to see how this trend began. With the
appearance of national distribution systems fueled by cheap and abundant energy,
the small farmer found that he just could not compete. He was out of his league
amid the huge agricultural combines, which could employ economies of a scale not
available to him. These overwhelming odds forced many small farmers out of
business.

Ironically, the chief reason for the rise of these huge farming conglomerates is
now the factor encouraging the renaissance of the small farmer: fuel or, rather,
the lack of it.

As a New York Times editorial on May 14 noted, nearly 55 million heads of
lettuce were shipped from Califronia to New York during the 1978 growing season.
However, shipping this produce consumed six million gallons of fuel, which added
almost 15 cents to each head in transportation costs. The scarcity and price of
fuel will soon put an end to such madness, and once again the local grower will
become competitive.

It is with this thought in mind that I have introduced in the State Assembly the
Family Farm Security Act, which would encourage the resurrection of the small
family farm. And this rebirth should be stimulated and encouraged not only for
economic reasons, but also for the social and environmental benefits that derive
from agricultural activities.

My bill addresses the plight of the prospective farmer, who today is faced not
only with high land prices but also a virtually nonexistent mortgage market. One
can only imagine how often enthusiasm for farming is successfully quashed by
lending institutions demanding collateral for a loan to buy farmland.

Under my legislation, however, a program would be established in New Jersey
under which guaranteed loans for the purchase of agricultural land would be
available to prospective farmers who, because of limited assets - not lack of
expertise - are unable to obtain the large loans necessary to buy farmland.

The program also would provide modest-interest subsidies until the young farmer
got on his feet. Once established, the farmer would repay the money to the
state.

Moreover, the bill would discourage speculative activities on land financed
through the program by imposing stiff capital-gains penalties on short-term
ownership and high rates of return.

Admittedly, this program, which would be financed by a $10 million bond issue,
would not in itself restore the family farm to its former place in the
agricultural community. The skyrocketing price of land, the heavy capital costs
required to maintain a successful farm and the variety of support services that
farmers need to survive will continue to place pressure on the small-scale
agricultural enterprise.

But we have an obligation to try to help those committed to farming, those who
are willing to buck the pressures now inherent in this field.

It is not only in their interest that we do this. It is in our own.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Barbara W. McConnell, Democrat of Flemington, is vice chairman of the Assembly's
Agriculture and Environment Committee.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              943 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 March 11, 2007

Do fractions add up?

BYLINE: Graham Norwood

SECTION: FEATURES; Home; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 931 words


With the prospect of year-round rentals limited, can fractional ownership work
in Britain, asks Graham Norwood.

It sounds like the perfect way to buy a holiday home at low cost -purchase a
share in a Devon cottage, yours to use or rent out for a quarter of the year
while you pay someone else to mow the lawn and fix the occasional cracked
windowpane.

But does this method of buying a part-stake in a home, known as fractional
ownership, really work in Britain?

Under the system, well-established in America, buyers purchase a stake in a
property allowing use for a set number of weeks per year. Unlike timeshares,
fractional ownership's much -and often rightly -maligned cousin, buyers also
receive a share of the leasehold or freehold, allowing them to benefit from
capital gains.

Philippa Hughes, owner of 400-acre Holwell Farm near Widecombe-in-the-Moor,
Devon, is one of Britain's fractional pioneers. She is selling 24 "quarters" of
six cottages, each with three or five bedrooms, for £ 130,000 to £ 165,000 per
slice, plus a £ 2,800 annual service charge.

Each "quarter" entitles the buyer to 12 weeks' use, divided into six blocks; to
ensure fairness, the rota moves forward by a week per year, although owners are
free to swap time with each other. The cottages are managed; owners enjoy fresh
laundry plus a stocked fridge at the start of their stay.

"Dartmoor is an all-year location for walkers or explorers, and the cottages
have the bonus of being on a working farm -that's a year-round experience," says
Hughes.

But there are potential drawbacks behind Holwell and the other 20 or so
fractional schemes on offer in Britain.

"You can't get a mortgage easily on a fractional property because lenders aren't
confident there's a resale market yet, and they don't know if the concept will
take off," warns Chris Tanner, managing director of Blevins Franks, a financial
advisory service. "So a buyer will probably have to pull down equity from their
main house. They could use that sum instead as a deposit on a buy-to-let or on a
holiday cottage. They could let out either of these in the usual way and not
have to share the rent and capital uplift with other buyers."

Buyers may also find they are sometimes paying over the odds for the property.

Jackson-Stops & Staff estate agency is selling a four-bedroom house at nearby
Chagford with what it calls "spectacular Dartmoor views" for £ 385,000 well
under the £ 520,000 that "four quarters" of the fractional ownership cottage
would cost.

Local lettings agents say owners in this area could enjoy a maximum 16-week
rental season if they let out a cottage over the entire summer, when good
weather is likely. That makes only four weeks, though, for each fractional owner
to make money through renting out their quarter share. During the rest of the
year, there are relatively few potential renters in the southwest.

Indeed, the weather is the biggest question mark over the concept, which began
in the 1980s in Florida and other popular holiday home areas of America, before
spreading to resorts in South Africa, the Caribbean and southern Europe. Two
factors common to these locations, but absent in Britain, are year-round good
weather, and a tradition of year-round rentals.

"Fractional ownership is only for warm locations," says Andrea Lee, sales
manager of Poole-based Select Resorts, which sells homes overseas, including one
fractional ownership golf course scheme in the Algarve. "It doesn't matter there
if your allocation is winter or summer because it's warm all year and golfers
will rent in December or August."

Christian Jensen-Broby, a spokesman for Marriott, the American hotel chain
behind fractional schemes in Florida and other sun-kissed locations around the
world, agrees: "We wouldn't run fractional ownership in the UK outside of
London. There's a reason we haven't opened any resort-style fractionals in this
country. It's called the rain."

Marriott's only scheme in Britain is 47 Park Street, a chintz-and Chesterfields
block of flats in Mayfair, close to Hyde Park. Three-week fractions, with leases
expiring in 2050, cost from £ 106,000 for a small one-bed flat up to £ 180,000
for a larger two-bed unit, and annual service charges averaging £ 5,100.

But is that such a bargain? A fractional one-bed unit at 47 Park Street would
cost more than £ 1.5m if you bought up all its weeks; you should be able to buy
a small flat in Mayfair outright for £ 550,000. The company insists their units
boast a series of luxury features, including maids and 24-hour concierge
service.

Take-up of such schemes in Britain has been slow. Marriott admits it has sold
only 60% of 47 Park Lane's 637 slices after six years on the market; fewer than
a third of these have gone to Britons -Americans and Asians are the main
customers.

Things are not going much better in the southwest. Penhaven Cottages, a north
Devon scheme of 10 homes, each split into 10 fractions of five weeks costing £
19,500 to £ 31,000 with up to £ 1,600 service charges, has been on sale since
last summer -more than half are still available.

Holwell Farm is back on the market through two top-end estate agencies after a
break of over a year. So far, no sales have been completed, although Hughes says
eight "quarters" are due to exchange at the end of this week, with two more due
next month.

nHolwell Farm is for sale with Knight Frank, 01392 848 848, www.knightfrank.com
and Jackson-Stops & Staff, 01392 214 222, www.jackson-stops.co.uk; Marriott 47
Park Street, 020 7950 5528, www.47parkstreet.com; Penhaven Cottages, 01237 452
143, www.penhavencottages.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             March 12, 1995 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

POWER - State's options will lead to higher costs

SECTION: NEWS; Letters; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 431 words


from Dr D.R. Hutton.

EVERY home, farm or business owner in Victoria should be able to easily
understand some of the financial consequences of the proposed sale into private,
and perhaps foreign, ownership of the SEC, by considering the following analogy.

Imagine you "own" and fully control a home, farm or family business handed down
by your family for many generations. Its value is $135,000, however you have a
mortgage of $95,000 to pay off with repayments of $6000 a year.

You have generous family members living with you who pay $13,000 a year, net
board. This allows you to easily service the mortgage payment of $6000 and
leaves you with $7000 a year for spending, investment or, if you wish, paying
more off the mortgage.

Which of the following options would you choose for the future?

(1) Live in and continue to fully control your home. Pay some of the $7000 a
year to increase your equity in the home, and buy essentials with the rest?
Note: if you use all of the $7000 to pay off the loan you will fully own your
home in less than 14 years.

(2) Sell your home for its full value, $135,000, pay out the mortgage and buy a
car with the balance of $40,000. In this option you will be able to join the
family in renting the home, but you will now have to pay about $18,000 rent to
cover extra cost and taxes demanded by the foreign owner.

(3) Sell the home for $95,000, which is much less than its true value but this
will allow you to pay out the mortgage. Your rental arrangements will be the
same as in option 2.

Carefully consider and choose your option.

Believe it or not you have just chosen from the same three options that face the
Government over the sale of the SEC. Even if you cannot participate in that
decision, the story helps you understand the financial issues. If we multiply
the figures in the story above by 100,000 we get the value of the SEC to be
$13,500 million, its debt to be $9500 million, its annual profit $1300 million
and its annual debt repayments $600 million. You and your family in the story
above become the people of Victoria in the SEC sale.

According to recent announcements, the Government is aiming for option 2, but
may well finish up with option 3. It claims it will use any cash left over from
the sale of the assets of the SEC, of somewhere between $0 and $4000 million,
for further debt reduction.

Extra electricity charges will be needed to meet federal company tax, higher
interest charges and the profits of the new foreign owners.

The environmental and energy supply consequences of the SEC sale are another
story.

D.R. Hutton, South Oakleigh.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1995 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday

BRIEF: Workshop on reverse mortgages offered

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 200 words


Apr. 29--OREGON -- University of Illinois Extension in Ogle County is offering a
workshop on reverse mortgages from 3 to 5 p.m. Wednesday at the Ogle County Farm
Bureau building, 421 Pines Road.

Reverse mortgages allow older adults to convert the equity of their homes into
cash while retaining home ownership. Such supplemental income can be used to pay
medical expenses, long-term care insurance premiums, in-home caregiver costs,
home improvement costs, property taxes or other expenses.

The program will provide information about who qualifies for a reverse mortgage,
types of reverse mortgages, new trends, when the loan is to be paid back, and
questions to ask yourself before considering a reverse mortgage.

The cost is $5; participants must register by Monday at 815-732-2191.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100429-YG-BRF-Workshop-on-reverse-mortgages-offered-0429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2010 Daily Gazette


                              946 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Thousands lose out in Hacienda Luisita deal

LENGTH: 623  words


Thousands of workers will lose out when a sugar plantation owned by President
Benigno Aquino III's family is distributed to some 6,200 farm hands next year,
an official said on Friday.

The 4,300-hectare Hacienda Luisita in Tarlac province would be fully
redistributed by next year to its laborers after years of delay, Agrarian Reform
Secretary Virgilio de los Reyes said.

"This will be the biggest redistribution of land to farmers in Philippine
history," he said. Even then, only about 6,200 of its more than 8,000 workers
would get to physically own plots of land from the breakup, he said.

About 2,000 would not be able to get land because they were not yet fully
employed at the Hacienda in 1989, the year after the country's land reform law
was passed, De los Reyes said.

Many of those excluded were mere "transient workers" who got part-time jobs for
two months each year cleaning up the farm immediately after harvest, he added.

De los Reyes said the land division would amount to about 0.66 ha for each
farmer, who would need to pay about P80,000 over 30 years for their title. He
brushed aside calls by activists to let all the workers get land for free. "From
where I sit, that is chaos," he said.

Hacienda Luisita has long been a symbol of the failure of land reform programs
in a nation that suffers from a sharp division between rich and poor.

Aquino's mother, then President Corazon Aquino, signed a land reform law in 1988
which would have covered the plantation. However, it included a controversial
stock distribution option (SDO) which allowed farmers to own shares of stocks
instead of land.

Aquino's family, the Cojuangcos, owners of Hacienda Luisita Inc. (HLI) was the
first corporation to employ the stock option, in 1989. The company converted
parts of the plantation into nonagricultural uses, including a mall.

Farmers denounced it as a scheme to skirt the agrarian reform law and went to
court to demand actual land distribution.

The Supreme Court ruled in November 2011 that the family must sell the land to
the government, which would then sell it to the farmers on easy loan terms.

De los Reyes acknowledged that it would be difficult for these farmers to
survive by farming their tiny plots alone, but suggested they join their farms
together and promised government support.

De los Reyes said the Aquino government was still hoping to complete the
country's land reform program by 2016, the current president's last year in
office.

About 822,480 ha still in private hands will have been redistributed by that
time, he added. The legal battle of farm unions in Hacienda Luisita to challenge
the stock distribution option and claim actual land ownership began almost a
decade ago.

In 2003, farmers filed a petition for land distribution with the Department of
Agrarian Reform (DAR), claiming the stock distribution option had failed to
uplift their living conditions.

In 2004, violence erupted during a strike at the hacienda that left seven
persons dead. The DAR revoked the HLI's stock distribution agreement a year
later.

In 2006, a temporary restraining order was issued by the Supreme Court after HLI
raised the SDO revocation issue to the tribunal.

In 2010, plantation owners offered a compromise deal to the plantation unions,
promising a P150-million financial package for the beneficiaries. Farmers lined
up in August 2010 to receive their share of the P20-million first tranche of the
financial settlement. The balance of the package, HLI said, would be released
once the Supreme Court approved the compromise deal.

However, in July 2011, the high court upheld the DAR's revocation of the SDO and
called for a referendum to allow farmers to vote again on whether or not they
wanted land ownership or shares of stock.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Women find freedom through ownership teacher 'unwanted' waiting for apology

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 941 words


South Africans have celebrated Women's Day with festivities across the country.

Now that the festivities have subsided, we need to honestly ask ourselves
whether South African women are free.

We read in newspapers how women, young and old, are being abused by the people
who are very close to them. Women have less access to food, shelter, education,
income, health care and land when compared with men, leading to what some call
the "feminisation of poverty".

Today, women and girls make up 70 percent of the estimated 1.3 billion people
living in poverty around the world, and are likely to remain there without a
firm plan of action.

This year we commemorate 100 years of South Africa's Natives Land Act of 1913.

The majority of South Africans, which were mostly women, were suddenly
prohibited from buying or occupying land outside "scheduled native areas".

On Friday morning, June 20, 1913, the native South African woke up to find he
had become, in the words of Sol Plaatje, "not actually a slave, but a pariah in
the land of his birth".

A century later, colonialism is gone and apartheid has ended, but their imprints
remain. Land ownership in South Africa is deeply unequal, and farm labourers are
frequently exploited. In the countryside, brutal violence against women and
children is common.

One significant solution to the cycle of poverty that often entraps women is to
increase land ownership and land reform as a vehicle to take us there.

Land is the most important asset for women in developing countries. Land is
challenging because it is more than soil or an agricultural input.

Land is deeply intertwined in culture and social roles, and is connected to who
you are - your family, ancestors and your place in your community.

In many places women are barred - mostly by custom, but sometimes by law - from
inheriting or owning the land they live on, and can only access land via men,
such as husbands or brothers, meaning they are dependent on these relationships
for their survival.

Although women have access to land through men, access is not the same thing as
ownership.

With no property or other collateral, women find it difficult to secure loans to
build small businesses and improve their circumstances.

In rural areas, women mostly earn far less than men, with a large percentage of
their labour completely unrewarded.

Maximum benefits are achieved when farmers have secure rights to land, know they
will have long-term ownership of the land, and are able to keep the profits.

Farmers with ownership rights work harder and make investments in their land,
thereby increasing productivity.

A woman farmer - who knows that she can work a plot of land for her lifetime,
who can decide what to grow and how, and can control profits from selling her
produce - is more likely to take better care of her land, to access credit or to
use inputs like fertiliser or irrigation.

She can then produce more food and earn more income.

Women are more likely to share their economic gains with their families and
communities at large.

A woman who owns land is in a better position to advance herself, her family and
her community.

Healthy families, educated children and increased incomes are good for everyone
in a community.

As women gain income and resources, they dedicate these towards improvement of
their family's nutrition and health by purchasing more food, higher-quality
food, and health services.

Not only does land ownership give women more financial freedom and benefits
their children, asset control can help protect against the risk of domestic
violence.

Providing credit, especially microcredit, has proved to be one successful
strategy for lifting women out of poverty.

Tshepo Diale

I feel South Africans need to hear about my futile attempts to give back to
disadvantaged education in this country.

I am a retired maths teacher with 48 years' experience. I retired for the third
time two years ago and have been trying to find a school/ someone who would like
me to help.

Through going on the John Robbie Show I have managed to find one school, but
only because I am invited by a black businessman.

Another contact - a social worker - put me in touch with a school that had not
had a teacher for the whole year.

The usual polite brush-off: "We'll phone you back" and "We forgot to tell the
learners you were coming." After a term of this, I got the message - they did
not want me. About seven other contacts ended in a similar manner.

The pupils are not the problem. They seem to love the lessons and beg me to help
them. I recently taught the Star Schools holiday revision for grades 11 and 12.
These pupils were crying out for help.

What I had begun to suspect seems to be true. When I ask what the problem is, I
have been told on more than one occasion that the teachers do not want white
people interfering with a black problem, and also that they find it extremely
insulting that I infer that I am better than them by offering to help.

I want no money and credit, I just want all South African pupils to have the
same opportunities.

I pay for my transport and all the notes that I have copied for the pupils. I'll
teach any grades that they want me to.

I am extremely enthusiastic and passionate about teaching maths. But my
experiences over the past two years are making me feel depressed and despondent.
I do not like to give up. But where to now?

Gill Oeschger

I am still waiting for the Johannesburg municipal officials who called on the
Mandelas to apologise in person for an incorrect demand for payment of municipal
fees within days of submission thereof to also call in person on me in respect
of a similar demand submitted to me.

Willem Steyn

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday
                                  SC1 Edition

How the credit owners out of crunch is eating horse and home

BYLINE: Maureen Culley

SECTION: Pg. 56

LENGTH: 683 words


HUNDREDS of horses are being abandoned by Scots owners who can no longer afford
to pay for their upkeep.

An animal centre yesterday said it was being 'inundated' with horses as the
credit crunch continues to bite.

As concern grows over the scale of the problem, one expert has even called on
owners to 'humanely euthanise' animals they cannot afford to care for to ensure
they are not neglected and decline into ill health and death.

Mossburn Community Farm in Lockerbie, Dumfriesshire - known in the local area as
Mossburn Animal Centre - said as many as one horse every two days is being
handed in by people who say they cannot afford to feed them or pay for
veterinary care any more.

Juanita Wilson, 61, who set up the farm almost 20 years ago, said: 'It's an
awful time we are going through. People can now no longer afford to care for
their horses.

'I'm not the only sanctuary getting inundated with people offloading horses.
It's a terrible situation and it's a worry for the future as the financial
crisis worsens.

'We are not able to accept any more at the moment because my rule is not to
overstock ourselves to ensure we can care for the horses we have to the best of
our ability.

'We have managed to get the majority of the horses we have been given out on
loan. If they are fit and healthy, we don't relinquish ownership, but we get
interested parties to sign a loan agreement and take responsibility for the
horses.

'If they get into trouble and can't look after them, they agree to give the
horses back to us. It's an arrangement that saves the animals going to the meat
market.' Miss Wilson said most of the abandoned horses are elderly, retired
animals who are able to be companions to other horses.

Her farm works as a network, trying to place horses with the right carers, but
is presently overwhelmed due to the rising number of requests from hard-pressed
owners to find their horses new homes.

She offers stark advice for owners struggling to cope after exhausting all
avenues to find new accommodation for their horses - put them down.

Miss Wilson said: 'If they really cannot find a new home for their horse, it's
far kinder to have it humanely euthanised. There are worse things than death for
a poor horse, such as being loaded on to a lorry to go to the Continent to feed
people. It's far better to die in their field or stable.

'There's a perception in Britain that we don't export horses due to the law, but
people find a way. It does happen.

They come through Dumfries and Galloway for the ferry from Stranraer, go to
Northern Ireland, Southern Ireland and then to the Continent.' Recent arrivals
at Mossburn include Sultan, a 22-year-old Welsh Section D cob, and Jason, his
five-year-old Shetland pony companion. They need to be homed together, as Sultan
helped Jason cope when he lost his mother and the two are firm friends.

Miss Wilson said: 'I put in my network and try to find homes for the horses that
are coming to me.

'I am totally against the indiscriminate breeding of animals. We have to stop
it. People are breeding for money and it's the animals that are paying the
price.

'Every year, thousands of dogs are being put down because they have no homes to
go to and now it's affecting horses, too. It's a sad time.' SSPCA chief
superintendent Mike Flynn urged anyone struggling financially and worried about
not being able to care for their horse, or other animals, to get in touch with
the charity for advice. He also warned that anyone who dumps their pets will be
prosecuted.

He said: 'We would never recommend ending the life of a healthy animal. I know
we have had horses brought in and managed to find homes for them with people who
have the wherewithal to look after them.

'One thing we would urge is that people offered horses for free, thinking they
have a bargain, need to consider if they can afford to care for the horse.

They are very expensive to have, with farrier bills and veterinary fees, and
once you own the animal, you are legally responsible for it.

'Anyone in financial difficulty should call us for advice. That's what we are
here for.'

m.culley@dailymail.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Equine saviour: Juanita Wilson with abandoned horse Kim

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    March 6, 1989, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PROFITS OF MANY S&LS RISE

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 680 words


Despite the savings and loan industry's troubles nationally, more than half
ofthe S&Ls in St. Louis were more profitable in last year's fourth quarter than
they were in the similar quarter of 1987.  Twelve of the 22 S&Ls in St. Louis
reporting results said they had improved their financial performance from a year
earlier. One S&L, insolvent Cass Federal Savings and Loan Association in
Florissant, declined to provide its fourth-quarter numbers.  Eighteen of the St.
Louis S&Ls were profitable in the October-December period.  Four of the S&Ls
lost money in the quarter.  Missouri Savings Association of Clayton and First
Nationwide Financial Corp. of San Francisco were the quarter's biggest money
losers.  Missouri Savings, which is insolvent, lost $8.3 million after taking
additional writedowns on foreclosed properties. Insolvent S&Ls are able to stay
open and their accounts remain insured up to $100,000 by the Federal Savings and
Loan Insurance Corp.  Missouri Savings has foreclosed on about 1,000
condominiums, mostly in Texas and Oklahoma, that it is trying to sell.
Regulators installed a new management team at the S&L on Jan. 6.  First
Nationwide, the parent of giant First Nationwide Bank, which has a large
presence in the St. Louis market, also lost $8.3 million in the fourth quarter.
The Ford Motor Co. subsidiary said rapid expansion and lower interest rate
spreads contributed to lower earnings last year.  Other S&Ls losing money in the
fourth quarter included Farm & Home Financial Corp. of Nevada, Mo., which lost
$609,000, and St. Louis County Federal Saving s and Loan Association of
Ferguson, which lost $47,000. At least two S&Ls helped their earnings by selling
preferred stock they owned in the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Ownership of
the government agency's stock, which had been limited to S&Ls, was opened to the
public last year.  Heartland Federal Savings Bank reported earnings of $2.3
million in the fourth quarter, which was buoyed by the sale of the Freddie Mac
stock as well operating profit and loan recoveries, said John J. Wuest, the
S&L's president.  Farm & Home reported a loss of $609,000 in the quarter after
adding $15 million to its loss reserves to cover declining values of foreclosed
properties and other investments. That loss would have been greater if not for a
$12 million gain from the sale of the Freddie Mac stock.  The S&Ls reviewed here
include institutions based in St. Louis as well as three based elsewhere that
have a large presence here - Farm & Home, First Nationwide and H.F. Ahmanson &
Co., the parent of Savings of America. The performance of S&Ls in the Metro East
area and in Missouri near St. Louis will be featured in the future.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo Graphic; CHART-TABLE ... ST. LOUIS SAVINGS AND LOAN RESULTS
(Fourth Quarter 1988) Profit (Loss) - Total Net Worth - Net Worth As Of Assets -
Total Assets source: Greater St. Louis League Of Savings Institutions and
individual institutions.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              950 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In your community

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1296 words


WELLINGTON

Council to mull organic farm lease

During its meeting tonight, the village council is scheduled to consider
extending Wellington's lease with J. Alderman Farms for another year of organic
farming on the K-Park property. The council in December 2010 approved the annual
lease, beginning July 1. It has two yearly renewal options. The farm would pay
$51,500 upon renewal. The meeting begins at 7 p.m.

-- Mitra Malek

Council to consider private school

The village council is scheduled tonight to consider land-use changes that would
allow a private school for grades K-8 to be built on about 8 acres south of
Forest Hill Boulevard on the east side of State Road 7. The school would be
75,000 square feet and include a 15,000-square-foot day care center. The council
meets at 7 p.m.

-- Mitra Malek

WEST PALM BEACH

Ex-agent sentenced in loan scam

A 45-year-old former Boca Raton real estate agent was sentenced to 31/2 years in
prison for his role in a mortgage fraud scheme in the tony Versailles community
in Wellington. David Lam on Friday also was ordered to pay $7.1 million in
restitution by U.S. District Judge Kenneth Marra. Lam pleaded guilty to three
counts of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, and three counts of
conspiracy to commit money laundering. Using straw buyers, Lam worked with more
than a half-dozen others to obtain inflated loans for homes in Versailles and
then pocket the difference between the loan amount and a home's actual sales
price.

-- Jane Musgrave

Jeff George associate gets 7 years

A 31-year-old Wellington man has been sentenced to seven years in prison for his
role in former pain-clinic boss Jeff George's lesser illegal enterprises:
selling anabolic steroids and time-share fraud. Gino Marquez is to report to
prison July 27, according to the sentence imposed Friday by U.S. District Judge
Kenneth Marra. In February, Marquez pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy
for peddling anabolic steroids through George's online business, South Beach
Rejuvenation, and defrauding people through his illegal time-share reselling
business, American Marketing Group. Marquez also was ordered to help George
repay $4.7 million to the estimated 3,300 victims of the time-share fraud.
George and his twin brother, Chris, are best known for operating a massive
pill-mill network.

-- Jane Musgrave

Dwyer Awards to honor educators

Several Palm Beach County teachers will be recognized for their work at
tonight's 28th annual William T. Dwyer Awards for Excellence in Education. The
awards honor exceptional public and private school teachers in five categories:
elementary education, middle school, high school, career education and special
programs. This year, 25 finalists -- 22 from public schools and three from
private schools -- were chosen out of about 180 nominees. The winner in each
category will receive $3,000 and a flame made of etched glass, while finalists
receive $500 and a framed certificate. The event will be held at 7 p.m. at the
Kravis Center.

-- Allison Ross-Ferrelli

Man runs light, hurt in 2-car crash

A man sustained minor injuries Monday morning in a two-car collision after he
ran a red light and crashed into another vehicle, police said. The crash took
place around 9 a.m. at the corner of Okeechobee Boulevard and Spencer Drive,
said Allan Ortman, a spokesman for West Palm Beach police. The driver, who was
not named as of Monday evening, was taken to Good Samaritan Medical Center with
minor injuries. The number and names of the passengers in the other car also
were not available Monday evening. The driver was cited for his role in the
wreck, Ortman said.r

-- Cynthia Roldan

LANTANA

Help sought in pedestrian death

A 46-year-old Lantana man was struck by a vehicle and killed Saturday night on
Overlook Road south of Hypoluxo Road. Investigators are seeking the public's
help in finding the driver who hit him. Florida Highway Patrol officials said
Lodner Sylencieux had parked his vehicle along Overlook Road and was standing in
the northbound lane north of Monroe Boulevard when he was hit by a northbound
vehicle. "There were no known witnesses to this crash," according to the FHP.
Anyone with information is asked to call Palm Beach County Crime Stoppers at
(800) 458-8477 or Highway Patrol Cpl. Cliff Johnson at (561) 357-4111.

-- Sonja Isger

GREENACRES

Cleanup finds shoes, plants trees

Sixty-three volunteers, including Mayor Sam Ferreri and two city council
members, turned out Saturday to plant trees, pick up litter and paint a park
fence during the Great Greenacres Cleanup. Among the unusual items found by
those picking up trash: 17 women's left shoes. No right shoes were found,
according to Public Works Director Carlos Cedeno. Volunteers also planted eight
live-oak trees at Ira Van Bullock Park, painted a fence at Oasis Park, planted
trees and flowers at the leisure services building on Swain Boulevard and spread
mulch around the playground at the Community Hall. Councilwoman Paula Bousquet
and Councilman Jonathan Pearce were among the volunteers, as were Girl Scouts,
students, city employees and members of area churches.

-- Willie Howard

LAKE WORTH

Burned body ID'd, ruled homicide

A missing Lake Worth man has been identified as the victim of a homicide that
occurred earlier this month. The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office confirmed
that Rogelio Perez, 44, was the man whose body was found inside a burned
apartment on April 14. Sheriff's homicide detectives discovered the body while
searching through Perez's apartment in the 600 block of South Dixie Highway.
Anyone with information about Perez's death is asked to call Crime Stoppers at
(800) 458-TIPS (8477).

-- Julius Whigham II

City wants input on walks, roads

The city's public services department will host a meeting at the gymnasium
Thursday to hear residents' comments about the need to pave roads and repair or
install sidewalks west of Dixie Highway. The city has $576,000 in Community
Development Block Grant money set aside for sidewalks and is considering whether
to designate money from next year's capital-improvement budget for work in the
western part of the city, said Jamie Brown, interim public services director.
The city is expected to hire a firm in June to create a master plan for road and
sidewalk improvements. Thursday's community meeting is scheduled for 6-8 p.m. in
the Norman J. Wimbley Gymnasium at 1515 Wingfield St. For more information, call
(561) 586-1720.

-- Willie Howard

BOYNTON BEACH

Tree planting at Oceanfront Park

The city will celebrate Arbor Day at 9 a.m. Thursday with a tree planting at
Oceanfront Park, 6415 N. Ocean Blvd., Ocean Ridge. Eighth-graders at St. Mark
Catholic School will plant trees in memory of surfer and environmentalist Vola
Jeffrey "Surge" Surgener and lifeguard Phil Remerey. Call the city forestry
division at (561) 742-6228 for more information.

-- Eliot Kleinberg

PALM SPRINGS

Police: Man attacked ex-girlfriend

A suburban Boynton Beach man was arrested Sunday on charges that he forced his
way into his former girlfriend's house in an apparent jealous rage. Euzequiel
Cedillo, 22, is being held without bail while he faces charges of robbery,
burglary with assault and false imprisonment. Cedillo's arrest came nearly a
month after a March 28 incident in Lake Worth, when his ex-girlfriend called the
Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office to report that Cedillo had pushed through her
door at 12:30 p.m. and forced his way inside to confront her about her being
with another man. The ex-girlfriend -- who is not named in the report -- said
she was able to lock herself in a bathroom with her 2-year-old and infant sons.
A sheriff's report does not specify how Cedillo was arrested, but Palm Beach
County Jail records show he was taken into custody by Palm Springs police.

-- Cynthia Roldan

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Community briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                 Wirt County Journal (Elizabeth, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 17, 2015

FS A opens county committee nominations

BYLINE: Wirt County Journal staff

LENGTH: 341  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has announced that the nomination period for
local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees began Monday, June 15.

"Through the county committees, farmers and ranchers have a voice. Their
opinions and ideas get to be heard on federal farm programs," said Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. "It is important for county committees to reflect
America's diversity, so I encourage all eligible farmers and ranchers, including
beginning farmers, to get involved in this year's elections. We've seen an
increase in the number of nominations for qualified candidates, especially among
women and minorities, and I hope that trend continues."

To be eligible to serve on a FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in an agency-administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where they are
nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates.

To become a candidate, an eligible individual must sign an FSA-669A nomination
form. The form and other information about FSA county committee elections are
available at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Nomination forms for the 2015 election must be postmarked or received in the
local USDA Service Center by close of business on Aug. 3.

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9,. Ballots
will be due back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec.
7.

Newly elected committee members and alternates will take office Jan. I, 2016.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms.

Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county
committees.

Committees consist of three to 11 members that are elected by eligible
producers.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WRT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Wirt County Journal


                              952 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Farm service offices closing anchored in baloney

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: H; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 746 words


When word leaked Sept. 15 that the U.S. Department of Agriculture planned to
close more than 700 of its 2,353 Farm Service Agency offices around the country,
reaction among Capitol Hill aggies was swift and mostly unkind.

"This proposal is ill-advised and ill-conceived â?¦ (and) yet another example of
how out of touch Washington, D.C., is with life in rural America â?¦

"The USDA put the cart before the horse with their FSA Tomorrow plan â?¦ (there
was) little or no consultation with local offices or our farmers and producer
groups."

And this from two of the administration's staunchest Republican allies, the
first, Rep. Tim Johnson of Illinois, the latter, Missouri's Sen. Jim Talent.

With friends like that, it didn't take long before USDA's "FSA Tomorrow," an
out-of-the-blue blueprint to shutter 30 percent of USDA's farm
program-administrating local offices throughout the United States, was fried.

Within a week of the plan's leak, the Senate voted to prohibit any Farm Service
Agency county office from closing until USDA presented Congress with a more
detailed analysis of "Tomorrow's" impact and cost. The Senate Ag Committee will
hold a hearing on the plan Oct. 20.

If the yet-to-be-done analysis is anything like the background material USDA
used to support the office closure idea, Congress likely will laugh itself silly
when the document hits Capitol Hill.

For example, one of the "talking points" USDA recommended state Farm Service
Agency directors use to sell the staff-cutting plan to the local yokels was "FSA
has 2,351 offices nationwide. There are 619 John Deere dealers in the United
States selling agricultural equipment."

The comparison - which resembles something an urban MBA wannabe might draw after
a 10-minute surf of the Web - is ridiculous and deceiving.

First, most John Deere dealers operate multiple sites. So 619 dealers - FSA's
number, not Deere's - nationwide actually own and operate, according to the
company, 1,600 locations, or more than two-and-a-half times as many as the
agency's faulty comparison would have you believe.

Second, while the Farm Service Agency is the only federal farm program
administrator in town, John Deere isn't the only iron seller. CaseIH has about
700 dealers nationwide and more than 1,100 sales and service sites; AGCO has
1,200 dealers in North America that operate more than 1,500 sales and service
sites.

Combined, the Big Three (excluding the thousands of short-line implement dealers
scattered across the United States) have nearly twice the presence in rural
America that FSA does.

And for good reason: It works best for them and best for their customers, a
concept Farm Service Agency bosses need to reacquaint themselves with.

(There's some evidence they already have. When USDA placed the "talking points"
memo on FSA's Web site, the misleading Deere comparison had been removed from
the memo given earlier to state FSA directors.)

Another baloney-laced statistic USDA uses to sell its desire to control farm
program delivery from Washington explains that "FSA's Farm Loan employees are
located in only 35 percent of our county offices, yet they serve the identical
geographical regions that our farm program employees serve in all 2,351
offices."

Again, reasonable sounding until you compare the workloads of the agency's loan
officers to those of its farm program officers.

In 2003, FSA doled out $3.8 billion in farm loans to fewer than 30,000 farm
borrowers while FSA county offices issued millions of farm program checks
totaling more than $25.4 billion to hundreds of thousands of producers.

Another FSA "talking point" whopper claims that country Farm Service Agency
offices are a holdover from the "Depression" when one in four Americans lived on
a farm while today "only one in 750 Americans live on a commercial farm."

More hogwash. Farm program benefits are tied to land ownership, not to where the
landowners live. Since many, if not most, of today's landowners live in town,
the number of "commercial farm" dwellers county FSA offices deal with is
perfectly meaningless.

But meaningless is what you come to expect from an administration and USDA that
continue to sell trade deals that don't deliver more trade, farm programs that
deliver more profit to agribusiness than to farmers and ranchers, and crackpot
plans - like "FSA Tomorrow" - to fix what isn't broken.

Alan Guebert is a freelance agricultural journalist. He can be reached at
agcomm@sbcglobal.net or at 21673 Lago Dr., Delavan, IL  61734.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Alan Guebert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Farm service offices closing anchored in baloney

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: H; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 746 words


When word leaked Sept. 15 that the U.S. Department of Agriculture planned to
close more than 700 of its 2,353 Farm Service Agency offices around the country,
reaction among Capitol Hill aggies was swift and mostly unkind.

"This proposal is ill-advised and ill-conceived â?¦ (and) yet another example of
how out of touch Washington, D.C., is with life in rural America â?¦

"The USDA put the cart before the horse with their FSA Tomorrow plan â?¦ (there
was) little or no consultation with local offices or our farmers and producer
groups."

And this from two of the administration's staunchest Republican allies, the
first, Rep. Tim Johnson of Illinois, the latter, Missouri's Sen. Jim Talent.

With friends like that, it didn't take long before USDA's "FSA Tomorrow," an
out-of-the-blue blueprint to shutter 30 percent of USDA's farm
program-administrating local offices throughout the United States, was fried.

Within a week of the plan's leak, the Senate voted to prohibit any Farm Service
Agency county office from closing until USDA presented Congress with a more
detailed analysis of "Tomorrow's" impact and cost. The Senate Ag Committee will
hold a hearing on the plan Oct. 20.

If the yet-to-be-done analysis is anything like the background material USDA
used to support the office closure idea, Congress likely will laugh itself silly
when the document hits Capitol Hill.

For example, one of the "talking points" USDA recommended state Farm Service
Agency directors use to sell the staff-cutting plan to the local yokels was "FSA
has 2,351 offices nationwide. There are 619 John Deere dealers in the United
States selling agricultural equipment."

The comparison - which resembles something an urban MBA wannabe might draw after
a 10-minute surf of the Web - is ridiculous and deceiving.

First, most John Deere dealers operate multiple sites. So 619 dealers - FSA's
number, not Deere's - nationwide actually own and operate, according to the
company, 1,600 locations, or more than two-and-a-half times as many as the
agency's faulty comparison would have you believe.

Second, while the Farm Service Agency is the only federal farm program
administrator in town, John Deere isn't the only iron seller. CaseIH has about
700 dealers nationwide and more than 1,100 sales and service sites; AGCO has
1,200 dealers in North America that operate more than 1,500 sales and service
sites.

Combined, the Big Three (excluding the thousands of short-line implement dealers
scattered across the United States) have nearly twice the presence in rural
America that FSA does.

And for good reason: It works best for them and best for their customers, a
concept Farm Service Agency bosses need to reacquaint themselves with.

(There's some evidence they already have. When USDA placed the "talking points"
memo on FSA's Web site, the misleading Deere comparison had been removed from
the memo given earlier to state FSA directors.)

Another baloney-laced statistic USDA uses to sell its desire to control farm
program delivery from Washington explains that "FSA's Farm Loan employees are
located in only 35 percent of our county offices, yet they serve the identical
geographical regions that our farm program employees serve in all 2,351
offices."

Again, reasonable sounding until you compare the workloads of the agency's loan
officers to those of its farm program officers.

In 2003, FSA doled out $3.8 billion in farm loans to fewer than 30,000 farm
borrowers while FSA county offices issued millions of farm program checks
totaling more than $25.4 billion to hundreds of thousands of producers.

Another FSA "talking point" whopper claims that country Farm Service Agency
offices are a holdover from the "Depression" when one in four Americans lived on
a farm while today "only one in 750 Americans live on a commercial farm."

More hogwash. Farm program benefits are tied to land ownership, not to where the
landowners live. Since many, if not most, of today's landowners live in town,
the number of "commercial farm" dwellers county FSA offices deal with is
perfectly meaningless.

But meaningless is what you come to expect from an administration and USDA that
continue to sell trade deals that don't deliver more trade, farm programs that
deliver more profit to agribusiness than to farmers and ranchers, and crackpot
plans - like "FSA Tomorrow" - to fix what isn't broken.

Alan Guebert is a freelance agricultural journalist. He can be reached at
agcomm@sbcglobal.net or at 21673 Lago Dr., Delavan, IL  61734.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Alan Guebert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 26, 2014 Sunday

BRIEF: Woman charged with forgery

BYLINE: Sanford J. Schmidt, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 196 words


Oct. 26--HAMEL -- A woman was charged Thursday with two counts of forgery,
accused of forging her husband's signature on a second mortgage and a check in
the months leading up to their divorce.

Jeanice M. Lewis, 45, formerly of Hamel and currently of Maryville, was accused
of forging her husband's name Aug. 5, 2009, on a mortgage she used to take out a
$17,600 loan, backed by security in their home.

She was also accused of forging his name May 24, 2010, on a $3,500 check made
out to both the husband and wife from State Farm Insurance Co. Bail was set at
$40,000.

Authorities said the case came to light as an indirect result of the divorce
case. In the recent settlement, the husband, J.C. Lewis, was granted full
ownership of the home but was required to refinance. In the process of
refinancing, the forged loan document was discovered.

Jeanice Lewis filed for divorce July 10 2009. The couple was married in 2003.
"The marriage broke down in June 2008 when the respondent (J.C. Lewis) left the
marital house," the divorce papers state.

___ (c)2014 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141026-AI-BRF-Woman-charged-with-forgery-20141026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2014 The Telegraph


                              955 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

Rotten eggs: Auditors say farm swindled Navajo Nation

BYLINE: By Alysa Landry The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1037 words


FARMINGTON   Directors of the defunct Din? Poultry Products Inc., a proposed egg
farm industry that was a joint economic venture for the Nageezi and Huerfano
chapters, poached $1.25 million from the Navajo Nation, an audit found.

The Navajo Office of the Auditor General filed its report on the audit and made
it available Wednesday.

Din? Poultry Products was established as a for-profit corporation in 2004, with
the purpose of producing more than 145 million marketable table eggs per year.
Company stakeholders, entrepreneurs from the two communities, including those
appointed to serve on the board of directors, planned to distribute eggs to
federal government entities in western states.

The company never produced a single egg.

In fact, the company never even had a physical address. It broke ground off U.S.
550 in the Huerfano Chapter, but it failed to move forward.

The company needed $12.2 million in capital to cover the construction and
start-up operations of the egg plant.

It secured a $3 million loan from Native American Bank and collaterized that
loan with the Navajo Dam Escrow Account, a fund established through a settlement
between the Nation and the city of Farmington.

Din? Poultry Products defaulted on the loan, and when the Native American Bank
called for the collateral in December 2008, the Nation repaid $1.25 million from
the escrow account.

"This was the Navajo people's money," Nageezi Chapter President Ervin Chavez
said Wednesday. "It makes you wonder if the tribe is going to get some of this
money back."

Chavez faulted the egg farm, claiming owners used the Nageezi and Huerfano
chapters to get funding, then pushed the liability back onto chapter members
when the farm failed.

"We, as chapters, are advocates of any type of community or economic
development," he said. "These people used the chapters to benefit from it. When
they found out they were in trouble, they pushed the liability onto the
chapters."

The audit, released March 7, reviewed the $1.25 million loan. It found the
company spent 50 percent of the loan on professional consulting services,
including a $565,000 payment to one entity, Native American Development, of
Alabama.

This entity, hired to design structures, supply equipment and building
materials, construct buildings, test-run equipment and provide training, was
contracted to deliver to the egg farm a $10.7 million working poultry complex.

Other expenditures include $341,000 the Din? Poultry Products board of directors
paid themselves in wages, stipends and reimbursements, the audit found.
Reimbursements included pre-incorporation costs "supposedly incurred by the DPPI
board before it received its loan," the audit states.

According to incorporation records, the board of directors comprised at least
seven members, including Huerfano and Nageezi chapter presidents, with Wilson
Ray serving as board president. Ray was joined by former Nageezi Chapter
president Calvert Garcia, Nelson Toledo, Daniel Lopez and George Werito on the
board.

The audit also found that funds disbursement could have gone to personal
expenses. More than $190,000 was spent in debit transactions, including about
$26,000 from debit cards held by the board president and secretary, the audit
found. Meals alone totaled more than $6,000, spent at restaurants in Farmington
and Bloomfield.

Yet the board did not comply with the audit or provide documentation of its
expenses, the audit found. The board could not provide receipts for meals to
verify they were for legitimate business meetings.

"Since DPPI did not provide supporting documentation, the propriety of the
expenses could not be substantiated," the audit states. "Therefore, the expenses
incurred by DPPI with the $1.25 million loan collaterized by the Navajo Dam
Escrow Account were deemed questionable."

Memos distributed prior to the tribe's authorization of collateralization with
the escrow account state at least seven potential legal problems with the egg
farm project, the audit found.

A former chief legislative counsel in August 2005 wrote a memo to sponsors of
the legislation to allow collateralization stating that he could not draft a
bill until the legal problems were addressed.

Those issues include a lack of due diligence, conflicts of interest, unclear
ownership of the corporation, unclear beneficiaries of the corporation,
questionable fund proposals, failure to address tax implications and confusion
with the review and selection committee.

The Tribal Council's Budget and Finance Committee approved the collaterized loan
in December 2005, one day after the Economic Development Committee tabled the
legislation because of incorrect paperwork.

With collateral approved, Din? Poultry Products, Inc. secured a loan for $3
million from Native American Bank. The company also planned to get funding from
a Bureau of Indian Affairs loan guarantee and state capital outlay.

Budget and Finance, following default of the loan, called for a special review
of the failed business endeavor, a request that prompted the audit.

"It's as expected," LoRenzo Bates, chairman of the Budget and Finance Committee,
said of the audit report. "We had already been given the numbers when we started
questioning it. All this did was confirm that the money was spent."

Bates said the Budget and Finance Committee received political pressure to
approve the loan collateral, and that "not enough questions were asked."

"The project was probably a good project," he said.

It is unclear where the investigation, or a call for accountability, goes from
here. An investigation will be forwarded to the White Collar Crime Unit, Bates
said. That unit will determine whether to pursue criminal charges.

"It is somewhat water under the bridge," Bates said. "At the end of the day, the
Navajo Nation is out $1.2 million."

The original business plan called for three phases: produce as many as 157
million eggs per year, increase layer bird capacity to 1 million layer birds,
and establish a facility to produce egg cartons, containers and cases.

Revenues would be earned through the sale of shell eggs, poultry manure and
spent hens. The business plan also proposed employment opportunities for plant
workers and managers.

Alysa Landry:

alandry@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Risk-Wary Ag Banks Find New Rows to Hoe

                             August 7, 1995, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


First American Bank in Woodward, Okla., has built a successful agriculture
business over the last 12 years, but now it is looking for other fertile fields.

"You shouldn't put all your eggs in one basket," said Jeff Klick, vice president
in charge of agriculture loans at the $25 million-asset bank. "We're going to
try to grow with additional loans in other sectors. It's not that we have to get
out (of agriculture) completely."

First American exemplifies a view at many small agriculture-oriented banks: that
they ought to be more diversified.

Some want to compensate for lost business from rapid farm consolidation. Others,
like First American, want to lessen the risks of relying heavily on one
industry, particularly segments such as cattle that are in a price slump with no
end in sight.

"From a bank management perspective, I think it is always appropriate to
consider portfolio issues," said Michael D. Boehjle, a professor of agriculture
economics at Purdue University in Lafayette, Ind.

"The challenge to banks for implementing that strategy is: What is the market
for other options that is open to them for a reasonable cost?"

Costs may include hiring experts in the new field, training existing staff, or
trying to compete in a new geographic area, Mr. Boehjle said.

First American is one of many banks that survived the agriculture crisis of the
1980s, but find themselves reevaluating the business as their reliance on it has
grown. More than 50% of the bank's loans are agriculture-related.

The bank - known as American National Bank until a recent ownership change - was
founded in 1979 during Woodward's oil boom. The town's rapid growth lured two
other new banks, although one has since failed.

During the oil and gas boom of the 1980s, the bank first focused on consumer and
real estate lending. But it wanted expertise to tap into the area's major
industry: agriculture.

Mr. Klick joined up in 1983, after five years with the Farm Credit System, to
build a farm-loan portfolio during the height of the agriculture crisis. Mr.
Klick said he was helped by the fact many farm customers wanted to leave the
federal system as it tightened its standards.

"The opportunity is when things are towards the bottom of the cycle," Mr. Klick
said of the bank's initial push into farm lending.

After growing its agriculture portfolio for about 10 years, the bank began to
level off and management began thinking about evening out the loan mix, he said.

The need for such a strategy has been intensified by the fact that low prices
for wheat and, more recently, cattle, have stymied producers' ability to make
money in Mr. First American's market. Many have discussed scaling back their
operations, said Mr. Klick, himself a wheat farmer whose operation hasn't been
very profitable.

"We've had two consecutive years of losses in net worth," he said. "Most people
look at that and wonder how much financial risk they can stand."

The bank's 90-day past-due loans increased to 2.02% of total loans last year
from 1.02% in 1993. At March 31, they were 1.73%.

For the year, Mr. Klick said he expects total nonperformers to be up about 25%.

Still, the overall performance has been good. In 1994, net income was up 15% to
$298,000 and the bank maintained a solid 1.50% return on assets and 18.86%
return on equity.

In some regions, farmers might be able to make up for problems in particular
commodities by diversifying into other types of crops or livestock.

But the climate and limited rainfall near Woodward leaves area farms with few
agricultural options besides the existing cattle and wheat. "There's really not
a lot of ways to diversify the farming operations," Mr. Klick said.

So, although the bank won't seek to shrink its farm loans, it is targeting
different areas for growth, particularly commercial lending.

Today, First American's loan portfolio roughly breaks down to 50% agriculture,
25% consumer, 15% commercial, and 10% residential real estate, Mr. Klick said.

But over the next five years, he said, his ideal mix for the portfolio would be
approximately 30% agriculture, 25% commercial, 25% real estate, and 20%
consumer.

He said it's attainable, in part, because Woodward, a community of about 15,000
in northwest Oklahoma, also covets the benefits of diversification.

"You look at the cycles," Mr. Klick said. "Oil and gas and agriculture are
cyclical businesses. Anybody that's been around sees you need to have something
in there to keep it a little more level."

In addition to the mom and pop operations in town, the bank also hopes to get a
piece of any outside businesses the town helps to recruit.

First American plans to hire someone with a commercial lending background to
build up that area.

Mr. Klick is not alone. Farm lenders across middle America are struggling to
diversify.

About 60% of the loans at Commercial State Bank are agriculture-related, but
chairman Robert Frei said the Wagner, S.D., institution has been doing more
commercial lending to make up for farms that have been liquidated.

But like First American, $91 million-asset Commercial State isn't going to give
up doing what it knows. It's capitalizing on the trend among some rural banks to
pare down agriculture portfolios.

"What we've seen in banking is many rural banks getting out of ag lending," Mr.
Frei said. "We've been very aggressive in trying to pick it up."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 902 words

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Klick's, photo, chart

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              957 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      FEBRUARY 11, 1997 Tuesday SF EDITION

SALE QUESTION: WHO OWNS INSURANCE GROUP? / OLD GUARD IS OWNED BY POLICYHOLDERS.
MAYBE. IF IT BECOMES A STOCK COMPANY, WHO GETS THE SURPLUS?

BYLINE: Jeff Gelles, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1316 words


This is a story that's either about a simple strategy to make a company
healthier, or about a sneaky plan to take that company from its rightful owners
without paying them.

Those are the starkly contrasting views embodied in the decision to sell Old
Guard Insurance Group to shareholders, and in two lawsuits challenging terms of
the sale.

Today, about 200 Old Guard policyholders are expected to gather in a hotel near
Old Guard's Lancaster headquarters to vote on the sale. What they do, and how
the suits are resolved, will have reverberations far beyond this group of three
venerable mutual insurance firms and their 140,000 residential, farm and
business policyholders.

In the view of Jason Adkins, one of the lawyers questioning the deal, a sale
would threaten the rights of millions of Americans to a share of a trillion
dollars of assets held by some of the biggest names in insurance, like State
Farm, Metropolitan Life, Prudential and Nationwide.

But to Jeff Waldron, an attorney representing Old Guard, those Americans
wouldn't be losing anything, because the money belongs to the insurance firms,
not to them.

And to whom do those insurance firms belong?

That may be the crux of the matter.

* This is hardly the first time that a mutual institution, a kind of
organization that dates back hundreds of years, has sought to convert itself
into a stockholder-owned company.

But according to Adkins, executive director of the Center for Insurance Research
in Cambridge, Mass., this is the first time that a healthy mutual insurer has
sought to convert without paying anything to its member policyholders.

The approach was made possible thanks to a Pennsylvania law enacted in December
1995. The provision was added as an amendment during debate on the House floor,
tacked onto a bill designed to modify the laws affecting health maintenance
organizations. Adkins said almost identical statutes had been enacted in
Illinois and Michigan, similarly without any public debate.

Waldron, Old Guard's attorney, said the answer to the question of who owns the
company now - and whether anybody would be entitled to payment if it were sold -
"is sort of vague."

"The problem . . . is, it's probably the wrong question," Waldron said. He said
it was more appropriate to look at traditionally accepted signs of ownership,
such as the right to sell or retain one's property.

By those measures, he said, policyholders have something more akin to a
contractual relationship with mutual insurers, since they can't sell their share
of the business and, in some circumstances, their policies can be canceled.

"If that's ownership, that's a very peculiar form of ownership," Waldron said.

He also cited decisions upholding the conversions of mutual savings institutions
as a precedent, including one ruling by a Philadelphia Common Pleas Court judge.
"The court said the corporation owns itself," Waldron said.

Adkins counters that other factors support the notion that policyholders are the
owners of mutual insurers, such as the fact that policyholders nominate and
elect directors, have authority over changes in charters and bylaws, and are
entitled to share in assets if a firm is dissolved.

For giving up their ownership rights, Adkins said, policyholders are clearly
entitled to something in return: a share of Old Guard's $38 million capital
surplus, money that is classified as "equity" in its stock prospectus and that
is over and above its "assets sufficient to cover liabilities."

"What I find troubling is the notion that nobody owns this company. That's an
impossibility in America," Adkins said.

He said his center had challenged the terms of several mutual insurers'
conversions in the last few years in Massachusetts and New York, focusing on the
formulas used to distribute the surplus, which sometimes tended to favor
institutional policyholders over individuals.

"The thing that was good about them was that they gave all the surplus back to
the policyholders," Adkins said. The new laws in Pennsylvania, Illinois and
Michigan make it "a whole new ball game."

"We thought the debate was going to be how you divided the money up among
policyholders," Adkins said. "Little did we know that the industry had something
else in store. Just take the money and run."

The center's class-action lawsuit, filed Friday in U.S. District Court in
Philadelphia, asks that the Pennsylvania law be declared a violation of the
state and U.S. constitutions. The suit claims that Old Guard's directors were
enriching themselves through the conversion; that they were wasting the
insurer's assets for their own benefit; and that Old Guard policyholders had
inadequate notice of the conversion plan and insufficient chance to comment
before it was approved by the state insurance commissioner.

Another lawsuit was filed last month by a policyholder, Donald Nikolaus, who
also happens to be the chief executive of Donegal Group, Old Guard's chief
competitor in Lancaster County.

Before filing his suit, Nikolaus took another tack - offering to buy all of the
stock of the new corporation for about $27.5 million, or about $200 each to Old
Guard's policyholders.

On Friday, Commonwealth Court Judge Joseph Kelley denied Nikolaus' request for a
preliminary injunction blocking today's meeting.

Adkins said the offer was "minimal . . . but it demonstrates that the company
has value, and that value can be returned to policyholders."

* Whatever decision Old Guard policyholders make today, they are part of a
historical trend.

More than 1,100 mutual savings institutions have converted in the last decade or
so, spurred in part by the savings-and-loan crisis. According to David F.
Babbel, a professor of insurance and finance at the University of Pennsylvania's
Wharton School, about 200 mutual insurers have converted to stock ownership
since 1930.

In insurance, as with savings institutions, two factors are usually cited as
reasons to convert to stockholder-owned corporations: access to capital for
growth, and the efficiency demanded by financial markets.

"These are dinosaur institutions," said Charles Calomiris, a professor of
finance at Columbia University.

He said mutual organizations made particular sense in a period of close-knit
communities, where farmers and business owners were mainly interested in pooling
their resources to avoid financial calamity. But as economies grew increasingly
complex, he said, shareholder-owned companies managed to profit while charging
competitive prices for insurance, and were better able to adjust to changing
market conditions.

The savings-and-loan crisis created a model, under federal law, for converting
mutual savings institutions without paying anything to the depositor-members.

Does that model apply equally to mutual insurers?

"This is the test case," Adkins said.

It is probably a sign of the issue's difficulty that Babbel and Calomiris come
down on opposite sides.

To Calomiris, one key is that policyholders "never had any upside potential,"
any expectation that their ownership stake might grow. If they deserve anything
in a conversion, he said, it would be protection from loss, either through the
guarantee of an equivalent policy from another company, or perhaps the assurance
that dividends would not be paid to stockholders for the first several years,
"if what you're worried about is people trying to strip the assets."

Babbel, who, like Calomiris, is a wholehearted supporter of converting mutuals
to stockholder-owned companies, said the new law created "a way to expropriate
surplus from policyholders simply because they're not tending the store."

"I think the subtle legal issues are dominated by the more substantive economic
issues," Babbel said. "Where did the surplus come from? It doesn't come from
Santa Claus. It comes from policyholders."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 24, 1985

Progressive Thinking Of Selling Off Assets

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 425 words

DATELINE: ALHAMBRA, Calif.


In an effort to bolster its net worth, Progessive Savings and Loan Association
here is considering selling certain assets to James Carter, an Orange County,
Calif., real estate developer.

Progressive would not disclose the terms of the deal.

The thrift reported a loss for 1984 of $ 7.1 million, compared with losses of $
903,000 the previous year.

Progressive attributed the losses to the establishment of loan loss reserves.

According to the thrift, $ 3.7 million of the loss relates to a portfolio of
loans totaling $ 17 million which it acquired through Barclays Mortgage Corp. in
1984.

The disposition of condominium projects begun in 1982 and 1983 and anticipated
loan foreclosure losses also contributed to the loss, the thrift reported.

The losses left Progressive with a net worth of $ 6.5 million at yearend, which
is below regulatory minimums.

The thrift has alleged in a lawsuit that it was defrauded by Barclays Mortgage
Corp. in connection with mortgages insured by Cal-Farm Insurance Co., which was
taken over and recently sold by California insurance regulators.

Problems with overvalued mortgages insured by Cal-Farm and other insurance
companies became known earlier this year after the BankAmerica Corp. took a $ 95
million pretax charge against 1984 earnings from faulty mortgage-loan pools, the
thrift said.

Barclays would not comment on Progressive's allegations.

The thrift said it "intends to seek recovery not only against the original
borrowers but also under the payment bonds on the basis of which the company
acquired the loans as well as any other available insurance."

Progressive plans to "vigorously pursue" its suit against Barclays and any other
parties involved, it said.

The thrift named Barclays' president, J.F. Parrish, in its lawsuit.

Several steps have been taken to return to profitability, the thrift said,
including the implementation of a new business plan.

Progressive's president, James Hennis, said, "it has a lot to do with
eliminating our REO and getting back into traditional mortgage banking
business."

The thrift's REO (real estate owned) totals nearly $ 10 million, Mr. Hennis
said.

Mr. Hennis also said that is "unlikely" that Mr. Carter would purchase the
thrift under a previous agreement, but the two parties are still "in
negotiations."

Progressive, which reported total assets of more than $ 500 million for 1984,
said it is seeking regulatory approval to include $ 2 million from the sale of a
subordinate debenture to Mr. Carter last year in its net worth.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              959 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                  June 2, 2016

ChemChina wraps up senior phase of $12.7bn acquisition loan

BYLINE: Shruti Chaturvedi

SECTION: CHEMCHINA,SYNGENTA,STRATEGIC ACQUISITION,STATE-OWNED,SENIOR SYNDICATION

LENGTH: 738  words



HIGHLIGHT: A $12.7bn jumbo Asia-focussed loan to back China National Chemical
Corp's acquisition of Syngenta is "pretty much done", with several lenders that
joined the preceding European syndication reappearing, according to a source
close to the situation.


Credit rating agencies are working on assigning ChemChina a rating and an
announcement is likely to be made once the financing is completed, said the
source.

"A lot of work is being done around getting an investment grade status and I
think that is where the rating will be at," he added.

Bookrunner China Citic Bank International launched senior syndication of the
$12.7bn facility about two months ago, asking underwriters to commit $1.5bn. It
is understood to have held on to about $3bn of the trade, while distributing
another $4bn to lenders from the mainland.

Crédit Agricole, Rabobank and UniCredit are among the European lenders that have
taken up the remaining $5bn-odd, said the source. BNP Paribas was also tipped to
have been looking at the trade but the source did not disclose whether the
French lender eventually joined the loan or not.

The deal is structured as a one year bridge and the pricing is in line with what
was offered for a $20bn borrowing that was placed in Europe. As is typical with
bridges, the pricing for the European leg of the fundraising steps up with time
elapsed. For repayment in up to 12 months, it pays a margin of 100bp. This is
the same as what the Asian tranche is also understood to be paying.

The European fundraising consisted of $15bn in bridge loans, split between a
$5bn tranche "~A' and a $10bn tranche "~B', and a $5bn backstop facility that
would refinance Syngenta's existing debt. The initial margin of the bridge
facilities ranged from 100bp to 425bp according to a ratings grid. It was
non-recourse to either party in the acquisition but relied on a revenue stream
from Syngenta.

The strategic importance of Swiss seed maker Syngenta to China and its food
security, along with ChemChina's state ownership and its experience and success
in acquiring international assets in the past, all play to its advantage,
bankers said at the time the Asian loan went into syndication.

The possibility of an equity injection by the government after the acquisition
is now clear, eased some of the misgivings lenders had around ChemChina's
leverage. Opinions differed on what the leverage is, with some saying it is
about 8x-9x and others pegging it at above 10x.

"ChemChina has the government's blessings and champion state-owned companies are
looking to go out and make strategic acquisitions, especially those related to
food, food security and drugs. And Syngenta ticks those boxes. These strategic
actions are having significant and interesting impact on the industry "" now you
have Bayer trying to stitch up something with Monsanto," the source said.

He was referring to the potential merger of Germany's Bayer and US's Monsanto,
with the two companies in discussions to work out mutually acceptable terms.
Agro-chemical giant Monsanto rejected a $62bn takeover approach from Bayer late
last month, but with both companies open to a deal, banks, led by Bank of
America Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse, are preparing for a huge financing
package, GlobalCapital reported on May 26. Familiarity factor

State-owned ChemChina is understood to be looking for a total of $30bn via debt
and equity in Asia to backthe $43bn Syngenta transaction, first announced in
early February. In mid-May, ChemChina is understood to have extended the tender
offer for Syngenta, pushing the date to July 18 from May 23.

The extension was on account of expected delays in receiving approvals, the
source said. "As a consequence, delivering certainty of the deal going forward
has meant a whole lot of things, from the credit rating to the equity
structure."

But thefair response to the $20bn Europe loan was reassuring for lenders looking
at the Asia syndication. There is a degree of overlap between the banks that
joined the European syndicate and those that decided to come in for the Asia
piece.

This could be because these lenders had already done rigorous due diligence on
Syngenta and the acquirer ChemChina, making the process of preparing the
proposal for the Asian phase smoother, said multiple sources.

The Europe-targeted financing was conducted in two phases, with global
co-ordinator HSBC bringing in Credit Suisse, Rabobank and UniCredit as
underwriters. China Citic Bank was the fourth mandated lead arranger and
bookrunner.

By the time syndication closed in late March,11 more lenders had joinedthe
facility. These included a mix of European and international banks and a small
number of Asian banks.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                            British Columbia Edition

AGRICULTURE;
Saskatchewan bars pension funds from buying farmland as it reviews ownership
rules

BYLINE: JACQUELINE NELSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 689 words


Saskatchewan is clamping down on the sale of the province's farmland to Canadian
pension funds and other large institutional investors, restricting deeppocketed
groups at a time when land prices are climbing.

Agriculture Minister Lyle Stewart said Monday that Saskatchewan will review
provincial farmland ownership rules. In the meantime, pension plans,
administrators of pension fund assets and trusts will not be allowed to purchase
land.

Saskatchewan has long had some of the toughest farmland ownership rules in the
country, generally allowing only individual Canadians and 100-per-cent
Canadian-owned companies to buy land. But as the price of farmland has risen in
recent years, pension funds and other investors have been eager to snap up
acres.

The value of Canadian farmland rose by 14.3 per cent in 2014, according to a
report from Farm Credit Canada, the country's largest agricultural lender.
Saskatchewan posted an average increase of 18.7 per cent, the highest of any
province.

Two years ago, the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, which manages
investments for the Canada Pension Plan, paid $128-million for 115,000 acres of
land that produces wheat, barley, canola and other crops. The board indicated it
planned to buy more acres, fuelling fears that these types of purchases would
inflate farm prices. But others have argued that as the average age of farmers
rises, having more buyers benefit those who want to sell their property. The
debate has raged amid increased interest from foreign owners in finding ways to
buy land.

"Our goal is not to limit investment, but to ensure the longterm success of
Saskatchewan's agriculture industry and economy," said Mr. Stewart in a
statement Monday. More details about the government's review and consultation
process will be released later this spring.

The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board raised alarms about the government's
decision.

The pension fund said it had alerted provincial officials about its plans to buy
land in advance of the 2013 deal, and "did not receive any indication at the
time that its investments in farmland were not welcome."

"CPPIB has long been a proud investor in Saskatchewan businesses, and we trust
that the government will ensure that the province remains open to Canadian
investors," said Michel Leduc, a board spokesman. "We are confident that our
farmland investments will generate returns for the CPP Fund while doing no harm
to Saskatchewan, its farmland market or the farmers. If anything, they will
benefit."

Many institutional investors have been looking to alternative assets such as
agriculture in the hunt for stable, long-term investments amid current low
interest rates. Manulife Financial Corp.'s Hancock Agricultural Investment Group
has a portfolio of more than $2-billion in farmland. Its holdings grow crops
such as macadamia nuts and cranberries in several countries. Other pension
plans, such as Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and British Columbia
Investment Management Corp., have also made investments in agriculture in recent
years.

The CPPIB acquired its stake by buying a portfolio of assets called Assiniboia
Farmland LP.

The pension fund invested some capital upfront to clear away waste and old
infrastructure, before renting the land to farmers and profiting from the cash
flow and gains in land prices.

Farmland ownership rules vary across the country. Unlike Saskatchewan, British
Columbia and Ontario have no restrictions on foreign ownership. Alberta and
Manitoba have caps on the number of acres foreigners can own.

Many farmers will favour the new restrictions, said Norm Hall, president of the
Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan. He was particularly
encouraged by another new regulation introduced Monday that said farmland
purchases must be made through a financial institution registered to do business
in Canada. That will stop foreign lenders from indirectly amassing a stake
through Canadian citizens.

While having pension fund investments in farmland could make rented land more
accessible, Mr. Hall said he would rather see farmers work together to find
rental and sale agreements.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday

Ruto Sued Over Land Tussle

BYLINE: Jillo Kadida

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: Nairobi


A victim of the post election violence has taken Eldoret North MP William Ruto
to court for allegedly grabbing his land.

Mr Adrian Gilbert Muteshi now wants the court to give orders to preserve the
land in question located in Uasin Gishu allegedly grabbed during the chaos.

He claims he was driven out of his land at the height of the violence.

High Court judge Lady Justice Hannah Okwengu gave temporary orders stopping the
suspended Higher Education minister from dealing with the piece of land in
question.

In his suit papers, he says he identified the land measuring 100 acres in 1968
that previously belonged to a white settler whom he identified as a Mr Edmund so
that he can purchase it. It is situated in the Kaptabei scheme.

And in May the same year, he made an application to the then Lands minister
Jackson Angaine seeking his approval to purchase the piece of land.

This application was approved on October 3, 1968 after paying the required
amount plus development money, he says.

He also says he signed a sale and loan agreement with the settlement fund
trustees at the same time.

He was expected to repay the loan over a period of 30 years.

And after fully paying his loan he was given the title to the land in question
on March 17, 1989, he says.

He practiced farming on the piece of land until 1992 but his activities were
temporarily interrupted due to the tribal clashes.

Mr Muteshi told the court that after the 1992 clashes things went back to normal
and he continued with his farming activities which was unfortunately halted when
post election violence broke out in 2007.

"My farm was targeted as were all non- Kalenjin owned properties and same were
pillaged, livestock stolen and all farm equipment converted," says the farmer in
his sworn affidavit.

He alleges that he got information later from some of his workers that the
people who invaded his farm had been brought by Mr Ruto.

However, he declined to disclose the names of the employees who gave him the
information saying doing so would cause them grief.

He later also learnt that the land in question had been purchased by Mr Ruto
from Ms Dorothy Jemutai Yator who had subdivided it into nine titles.

His attempts to carry out official search on his title in Eldoret lands registry
has been unsuccessful as the staff were uncooperative, he says.

He informed the court that he even wrote to the commissioner of lands on March
4, 2010 complaining and seeking assistance to know who had wrongfully
sub-divided and claimed ownership of his land.

His advocates, he says, have even sent letters to Mr Ruto but he declined to
respond to them.

However, he says, he received calls from a man called Hosea Ruto who allegedly
introduced himself as Mr Ruto's brother or cousin to convince him to settle the
matter out of court.

And for justice to be done he wants the land in question which he believes is
now worth Sh50 million be preserved pending determination of his case.

He believes he is a victim of fraud, manipulation of government process and
unfair treatment.

The case will now come up for hearing on December 15.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                            September 9, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

FCC expands lending powers

BYLINE: Lea Hilstrom, Red Deer Express

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 413  words


A move by the former Farm Credit Corporation to expand its lending powers holds
promise for Red Deer and area agri-businesses wanting to establish or expand,
say local account managers.

Any equipment dealer, fertilizer supplier, dairy and food processor or any other
upstream and downstream businesses in the agriculture industry -- regardless of
ownership -- are now able to be financed through the alternative crown
corporation lending agency, now called Farm Credit Canada (FCC).

Prior to the Farm Credit Canada Act coming into place in June, the corporation
could only finance farmer-owned enterprises, said Lang Ellison, an FCC accounts
manager in Red Deer.

``We were seeing businesses struggle because we weren't able to finance them,''
he said.

In 2000-2001, FCC approved close to $1.8 billion in loans to 44,700 producers
and operators through a network of 100 offices across rural Canada.

Producers and those in agri-business look to the financial institution for
services because ``that's all we do,'' said Ellison.

``Our expertise is in agriculture. That's all we deal with is farmers,'' he
said.

Services such as the Flexi Hog loan offers principal payment flexibility to
address the cyclical nature of the sector.

Traditionally, the majority of the institution's lending is to producers for
land acquisition, new building construction, breeding stock, quota, and
equipment with only a portion of annual lending going towards agri-businesses.

With the lending restriction lifted, businesses on the input and output side of
farming are expected to comprise six to 10 per cent of the corporation's lending
portfolio.

FCC consulted with more than 100 national and regional agriculture and financial
industry organizations last year to help develop changes to the legislation
governing its operations.

``We were finding we were too restricted in who we could lend to,'' said
Ellison.

Ellison said by being able to support upstream and downstream businesses, FCC
will be helping not only the family farm but the communities they are in as
well.

``It's an opportunity not only for us but for the community and the business
that doesn't have to shut down and go to Calgary,'' he said.

Agri-businesses such as fertilizer companies and processing ventures employ
people off the farm, he said, and contribute to the economic viability of the
communities they are in.

Under the new act, FCC will also now be able to offer equity financing directly
and in partnership with other equity investors.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2001 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday

Wind turbine company has sights on UK

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 473 words


Kiwi wind turbine manufacturer Windflow Technology is looking for approval from
its shareholders to go ahead with three projects to give it a foot in the UK
market.

In a letter to shareholders this week, chairman Heugh Kelly argued the case for
the company to invest in three turbine projects in Scotland.

Windflow"s directors wants to take a loan from shareholder David Iles, who holds
an 11.9 per cent stake in the company, to fund all three projects.

The first project, for one turbine to be placed on a farm called Hammer on the
island of Westray in the Orkneys, is ready to proceed subject only to finance,
Kelly said. The total loan needed from Iles would be £1,115,000.

A second project in Shetland, near the main town of Lerwick, has been granted
planning permission for a single Windflow 500 turbine. It would cost £1,120,000,
of which £645,000 would be funded by a loan from Iles.

The third proposal before shareholders is a project in the Outer Hebrides, in
conjunction with the North Harris Community Trust, which owns the land. Planning
permission has been granted for three Windflow 500 turbines, with a total loan
of £1,070,000 needed from Iles.

There are currently 16 other UK projects for individual turbines in the
company"s pipeline, Kelly said.

These projects are either well advanced through the planning and grid connection
processes, or "with very good prospects for the future", he said.

Windflow UK (WUK), a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, was said to be
working on another 20 UK turbine sale prospects.

"The largest cluster of projects is in the Orkney Islands, and there are also
projects on Shetland, the Outer Hebrides and the Highlands," Kelly said.

"While the directors cannot be certain that these sales will materialise, they
are confident that there is a good pipeline, that the UK market is the company"s
best immediate prospect for sales."

Kelly told shareholders that progressing with the first three projects would be
"the best way to realise the pipeline of sales prospects".

The Christchurch-based company has also asked shareholders to accept a fourth
resolution, the approval for its director to substitute any or all of the three
projects with alternatives "if such substitution is warranted to expedite or
improve the viability of the overall loan arrangements".

Shareholders will vote at a special meeting in Christchurch on Wednesday July 4.

The company has in the past stated its aims of licensing its intellectual
property internationally and continuing to meet its maintenance and warranty
obligations for Te Rere Hau wind farm in the Tararua Ranges.

It has also staked a commitment to continuing its market presence in the UK "in
the expectation that orders in at least modest volumes will be forthcoming".

Windflow Technology shares were trading today at $0.240 on the NZX Alternative
Market (NZAX).

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

Legislative Update

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5 Vol. 172 No. 133

LENGTH: 1814  words


ACTION ON LEGISLATION

Brokerage Ban

HR 2829

The Senate Appropriations Committee was expected to vote today on a Treasury
Department spending bill that would continue to ban banks from engaging in real
estate brokerage.

A provision in the bill would block the Treasury for one year from allocating
resources for finalizing a 2000 proposal that would classify real estate
brokerage as "financial in nature."

The National Association of Realtors is seeking a permanent ban but has won a
series of one-year prohibitions since the Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board
crafted the proposal.

The provision cleared the House in a companion spending bill passed June 28 by a
vote of 240 to 179.

The underlying bill also included $80 million to offset the cost for lenders and
borrowers of Small Business Administration 7(a) loans.

An amendment to the bill approved 267 to 154 would allow small businesses to
delay for one year their compliance with a section of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
Section 404 accounting requirements. The provision would give small businesses
until December of next year to comply with a provision that requires managers to
conduct an evaluation and assessment of internal controls over financial
reporting.

Student Lending

HR 2669, HR 5, HR 1010, HR 890, S 1642

House and Senate leaders are aiming to pass cuts to the Federal Family Education
Loan Program and send a final bill to President Bush before the August recess.

The House was expected to vote this week on legislation the House Education
Committee passed June 25 that would reform federal student lending programs by
trimming lender profits on such loans by roughly $19 billion. The bill also
would cut lender subsidies by 55 basis points and reduce the government's
default coverage by 3 percentage points, to 95%.

The Senate is expected to take up a similar bill next week that passed the
Senate Education Committee on June 20. That bill would cut lender profits by
about $18 billion. It would cut subsidies by 50 basis points and reduce the
government's default coverage to 97%.

Lenders adamantly oppose the subsidy cuts. Their lobbyists said that the cuts
could be reduced marginally through amendments to either bill, but that the bulk
of the cuts are likely to be approved.

It is unclear when other bills pending in both chambers to clean up lenders'
relationships with colleges would be taken up.

Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd has said he plans to introduce
legislation that he would attach to the Higher Education reauthorization bill.
The Connecticut Democrat has said his bill would improve transparency and
tighten standards for the private loans that students sometimes use to
supplement more traditional, government-guaranteed loans.

Sen. Dodd has said his bill also would bar lenders from allowing a student's
age, race, or college to influence underwriting.

He said the bill would authorize the Fed to check for lending disparities, as it
does for mortgages under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, and to give banks
Community Reinvestment Act credit for giving low-income students cheaper loans.

NEW LEGISLATION

Farm Credit

HR 2419

House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin Peterson, D-Minn., introduced a new
draft of a farm bill July 6 that would further expand the Farm Credit System's
lending authority beyond what passed at the subcommittee level May 22.

The bill would allow the Farm Credit System to offer mortgages in communities of
up to 6,000 - an increase from the current 2,500 limit - and offer commercial
loans beyond farms and ranches to businesses that support renewable energy.

The legislation includes measures that would expand the Farm Credit System's
CoBank, which has a national charter and lends to farmer-owned cooperatives,
like dairy processing plants.

Under the current rules, CoBank must lend to cooperatives where farmers control
at least 80% of the voting stock, and the cooperative must be used to support
the farmers' business in some capacity.

Sen. Peterson's bill would reduce the cooperative ownership requirement to 50%.

It also would remove the requirement that CoBank's lending support the farmers'
business, so that the lending could be used to finance farmer-owned investments.

The Senate Agriculture Committee is expected to take up a farm bill this month
that could include Farm Credit System expansion.

Debit Protection

HR 2911

Rep. Gary Ackerman, D-N.Y., introduced a bill June 28 that would require banks
to give debit transactions the same protections they provide for credit cards.

It would require banks to issue a provisional credit within one business day
when customers alert them about a fraudulent transaction or an incorrect charge.
The bank then would have to conduct an investigation lasting no more than 60
days to determine the transaction's validity.

The bill would put the burden of proving the veracity of the transaction on the
bank.

PENDING LEGISLATION

Credit Cards

S 1395, HR 2146, S 1309, HR 1461, HR 873, S 1176, HR 1510

Rep. Carolyn Maloney is planning to hold a roundtable this month on credit
cards.

Initially, the New York Democrat's roundtable was intended to bring together
major issuers and consumer advocates to figure out practices that the industry
could change voluntarily without legislation. But industry representatives said
they see little reason to agree to voluntary concessions if key members of the
House Financial Services Committee are intent on pursuing legislation.

Several industry lobbyists said that they believe Rep. Maloney, as well as House
Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank, D-Mass., and Rep. Spencer Bachus of
Alabama, the committee's ranking Republican, are open to passing a bill.

Other card bills remain pending in both chambers. One of them, a bill Rep.
Maloney is cosponsoring with Rep. Ackerman, would prohibit creditors from
assessing fees for card payments made by electronic funds transfer.

Sen. Carl Levin, the chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on
Investigations, introduced a bill May 15 that would ban several common card
practices.

The bill, co-sponsored by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy,
D-Vt., and Sens. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., and Richard Durbin, D-Ill., would
prohibit lenders from charging interest on any portion of card debt paid on
time, or on debts paid on time and in full.

It also would bar interest rate hikes on outstanding debt and cap penalty rate
hikes at 7%.

Issuers would be required to apply payments to the lowest-interest debt first
and give their customers the option of hard credit limits that cannot be
exceeded.

Subprime Lending

S 1386, S 1299

Sen. Charles Schumer held a hearing June 26 in the Senate Banking housing
subcommittee on subprime mortgage regulation.

The New York Democrat used the hearing to talk up the need for reforming
lenders' practices by endorsing federal requirements for all lenders.

He included provisions that would accomplish that in a bill he introduced May 3
with two other Democrats on the Banking Committee: Sens. Sherrod Brown of Ohio
and Robert Casey of Pennsylvania.

The bill would create new standards for brokers and all mortgage originators,
and the lawmakers have called for a separate federal appropriation of $300
million for nonprofits to help struggling subprime borrowers rework their loans
to prevent foreclosure.

Sen. Jack Reed, D-R.I., the chairman of the Senate Banking securities and
insurance subcommittee, introduced legislation May 14 that would appropriate
$615 million to prevent foreclosures by prohibiting lenders from foreclosing
without conducting reasonable loss-mitigation efforts first.

ILCs

S 1356, HR 698

Opponents of commercial ownership of industrial loan companies continue to
pursue Senate support for a bill to block nonfinancial parent companies like
Home Depot Inc. from owning the limited banks. But Sen. Dodd has not indicated
whether he plans for his committee to vote on the bill.

The Senate bill, sponsored by Sen. Brown, was introduced May 10 and now has
seven cosponsors.

Legislation the House passed May 21 by a vote of 371 to 16 would ban companies
that generate 15% or more of their revenue from commercial activities from
owning ILCs.

That bill, sponsored by Rep. Frank along with Rep. Paul Gillmor, R-Ohio, also
would require consolidated federal supervision of ILCs, with the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp. overseeing ILC parents that previously lacked a consolidated
supervisor. Securities firms would retain the Securities and Exchange Commission
as their consolidated regulator.

During the committee vote, Rep. Frank signaled that automakers could be exempted
from the restrictions to win over skeptics in the Senate.

Data Security

S 495, S 806, S 1260, HR 1685, HR 958

The Senate Banking Committee staff has begun holding briefings with regulators
and other interested parties on data security, because Senate Majority Leader
Harry Reid has signaled that such legislation is a priority.

It remains unclear if Sen. Dodd will act, however. The Banking Committee has not
held hearings or debated legislation.

Two Senate Banking Committee members - Sens. Tom Carper, D-Del., and Bob
Bennett, R-Utah - reintroduced a bill May 1 that would retain existing security
requirements for financial institutions and keep enforcement with the banking
regulators.

No action on the topic has been taken by the House Financial Services Committee,
though Rep. Frank has said data security is a priority.

At a House Financial Services hearing last month, Rep. Maloney said she plans to
reintroduce a bill that would let consumers freeze access to their credit files.

The House Ways and Means Committee is expected to consider legislation that
would restrict the sale of Social Security numbers.

Other bills related to data security remain pending.

The Senate Judiciary Committee approved a bill by voice vote May 3 that would
subject depository institutions to breach notification rules written by the
Federal Trade Commission and enforced by state attorneys general.

The bill, sponsored by Sen. Leahy, also would let consumers correct any personal
information held by commercial data brokers, which may include banks.

The Senate Commerce Committee approved a competing bill April 25 that would let
consumers freeze access to their credit files.

GSEs

HR 1427, S 1100

The House passed legislation May 23 by a vote of 313 to 104 that would create a
new regulator for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Home Loan banks.

The core of the bill was mostly unchanged from the committee version, but an
amendment offered by Reps. Randy Neugebauer, R-Tex., and Melissa Bean, D-Ill.,
that would limit the regulator's ability to reduce the GSEs' portfolios cleared
the House overwhelmingly.

Numerous Republican amendments to scrap or alter a provision requiring the GSEs
to put 1.2 basis points of their retained portfolios in an affordable housing
fund failed.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Dodd, Maloney, Schumer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 2, 1983 Wednesday

Farm groups assail Royal Bank's leaseback plan

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 465 words


By  KEVIN COX
   A program by the Royal Bank to take over farms from farmers in financial
 distress and lease the property back to the original owner will lead to
 corporate agriculture and destruction of the family farm, say
 representatives of two agricultural groups.

The move, announced by the bank yesterday in several meetings across
 Canada, is the first time that a Canadian financial institution has
 decided to take ownership of farms and not sell them immediately.

George Arnold, the bank's Ontario agricultural manager, said in an
 interview that only a small number of farmers doing business with the bank
 are in "dire straits" and in danger of losing their farms.

He would not specify the number of farmers who would use the program,
 whereby the farmer whose debts exceed the value of the farm would turn
 over the farm to the bank and then lease it back. The original owner would
 have the first chance to purchase the property if his financial condition
 improved.

But the bank estimates that about 5 per cent of its farm clients are in
 serious financial difficulty and could lose their farms, while another 5
 to 10 per cent are experiencing some financial difficulty.

While Mr. Arnold said the lease-back system would keep farmers on the
 land and prevent the sale of machinery on land at current depressed
 values, Allan Wilford, head of the Canadian Farmers Survival Association,
 said it would only lead to corporations controlling agriculture.
    "Over my dead body they're going to be owning farms," he said. "The
 backbone of the system is the family farm and the family's roots have to
 be in the soil. Tenant-farming just mines the soil."
    He said the Royal Bank is making no promises that it will sell the farm
 back to the original owner and that the bank might not become the
 permanent owner of the property.

Mr. Arnold said the bank has no intention of becoming a permanent owner
 and only intends to rent the land to the farmer until he can decide if he
 can afford to buy it from the bank and pay his debts.

Stuart Thiessen, general manager of the National Farmers Union, said in
 an interview the bank's move indicated the financial problems some farmers
 are encountering because of large loans at high interest rates.
    "They must have a fair amount of land they're going to have to sell if
 they're going to rent it out this way," he said.

David Kirk, executive-secretary of the Canadian Federation of
 Agriculture, said the bank's suggestion would help some farmers.
    "If that is the only option that the farmer has, either rent it back or
 be kicked out, it has to be viewed as helpful," Mr. Kirk said.

He added that the move by the bank recognizes the need that more money
 from the federal Farm Credit Corp. be made available so farmers can get
 refinancing at reduced interest rates.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 6, 2011 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

REGULATORS SHUT DOWN BANK OF WHITMAN;
Real estate loans cited; Columbia takes over;

BYLINE: John Stucke<P> johnst@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5419<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 606 words


State regulators closed the Bank of Whitman on Friday night and sold the
Colfax-based lender's deposits and some assets to Columbia Banking System of
Tacoma.

The deal shutters 12 branches- many in small cities dotting Eastern Washington
and in some cases the only bank in town.

It is the first regionally based bank to fail since the financial crisis began
in 2008. One Spokane credit union failed in November 2010.

Eight other branches will reopen Monday under Columbia Bank's ownership. Those
include two in Spokane and one each in Clarkston, Colfax, Othello, Pullman,
Ritzville and Walla Walla.

The closed branches are in Lind, Washtucna, Pomeroy, Rosalia, LaCrosse,
Endicott, Warden, Royal City, Mattawa, Pasco, Kennewick, and a Spokane branch
along U.S. Highway 2.

Bank of Whitman is the third bank to be closed in the state this year, and among
17 failed Washington banks.

Its failure is directly related to the economic downturn.

"Bad loans at Bank of Whitman far exceeded its capital," said Richard Riccobono,
director of the division of banks within Washington state's Department of
Financial Institutions.

Bank of Whitman executives had to restate its financials during the past week
after an examination. The bank's undoing is tied to bad commercial real estate
loans. In turn, there was a concentration of those loans among a few borrowers.

"The economy just wiped them out," Riccobono said. "Bank of Whitman grew at the
worst possible time to have growth ... just as the economy came to a sudden
halt."

The bank's failure crushed hopes that the retirement investments held within its
battered Employee Stock Ownership Plan would rebound.

Federal filings from the end of 2009 show the ESOP had about 178 participants.
The assets in the plan fell from about $19.8 million to a negative $708,000.

As part of the deal, Columbia Bank will acquire about $315 million in assets and
about $516 million in deposits. Excluded from that purchase are delinquent
loans, along with some land and construction loans, large commercial real estate
loans and some land.

In February the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ordered bank officials to either
raise more capital or merge with another bank.

The bank couldn't meet either requirement. The failure will cost the federal
government $134.8 million, the FDIC said.

The bank was started by a group of Whitman County farmers and businessmen in
1977 in Colfax.

Flush with deposits from farm country, the bank expanded into other cities,
including Spokane and the Tri-Cities.

Five years ago it built a downtown Spokane branch on Riverside Avenue as
commercial construction and luxury housing boomed.

Riccobono said the FDIC ensures that all deposits are safe and that Bank of
Whitman customers have already had their accounts switched to Columbia Bank.
Deposits are insured up to $250,000.

Bank of Whitman had assets of $549 million and total deposits of $516 million.

Customers will be receiving letters in the mail this week detailing the changes.
For those in communities with closed bank branches, the money is now being held
within a different branch.

Riccobono acknowledged that closing banks with branches in small communities is
difficult. He said regulators hope to attract other lenders - perhaps credit
unions - to the small towns where bank branches have closed.

Columbia is a full-service commercial bank with 68 branches in Washington and 25
in Oregon.

Regulators on Friday also shut down a small bank in Illinois, lifting to 63 the
number of U.S. bank failures this year.

In 2010, regulators seized 157 banks, the most in a year since the savings-and-
loan crisis two decades ago.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              967 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                 March 2, 1996

Land Decree Faces Duma Fire, Loan Plan May Fly

BYLINE: By Leonid Bershidsky

SECTION: No. 911

LENGTH: 1147 words


President Boris Yeltsin has announced two ground-breaking initiatives on land
ownership and home mortages that between them could have revolutionary effect,
but analysts believe that only the plan to set up a fund for mortgages is likely
to materialize any time soon.

Both proposals have been rolled out by the president for his election campaign
and, in principal, should be vote-winners. But, as Yeltsin has already said in
his campaign speeches, he will have to begin delivering on such promises even
before the June 16 polls in order to get the votes.

The land decree would allow free trade in collective farm workers' shares of
their farms and is intended to stand in for the Land Code, which the State Duma
has been unable to pass for more than two years now. But Yeltsin's decree is
facing fierce resistance from the Duma.

Even inside Yeltsin's administration, there is doubt as to whether the draft
version of the decree now in circulation is final. "There has been talk of a
land-reform decree since 1992 and it can still go on for some time," said
Mikhail Delyagin, chief economics analyst at Yeltsin's Analytical Center.
"There are a million options and it's too early to say which one will be
chosen."

But on the housing program, which has been named "Your Own Home," Delyagin said
it could well come into force before the presidential election: "Four months is
plenty of time for this, assuming there is political will."

Speaking at an expanded government meeting Thursday, Yeltsin said he would end
the legal uncertainty over land sale and use in Russia by decree in a week's
time.

The draft decree allows a farm worker to freely sell his share in a collective
farm. Since economic reforms began in 1992, most farms have been turned into
joint-stock companies, with workers receiving stock packages. However, the
workers have been unable to sell them.

Under the draft Land Code, written by conservative Agrarian Party deputies and
still inching its way through parliament, the sale of collective farm shares is
possible only with the consent of the entire collective - a sweeping
restriction.

Agrarian Party leader Mikhail Lapshin said in a written statement Friday that
Yeltsin's decree would set off a "legal free-for-all," since the Russian
constitution says the use of land has to be regulated by a federal law, not a
decree.

Another argument against the decree is that it will ruin agricultural production
and that the land market will be harsh on the average farmer.  "Sixty percent of
all farm-share owners are pensioners who sorely need money," said Professor
Anatoly Shutkov of the Agriculture Academy. "Introducing a market in these
shares will mean that land will be sold for a song because a lot of it will be
dumped on the market at once. Large farms will cease to exist at once."

If Yeltsin issues the decree, the Duma may quickly push through its Land Code,
which if passed would override it. Then, if Yeltsin vetoes the code, the
parliament has a fair chance of overriding the veto.

Unlike the land decree, however, there is little opposition to the "Your Own
Home" loan scheme.

Yeltsin first mentioned the program in his state of the nation address last
week. Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin elaborated on it Thursday, saying the
plan will provide for the creation of a fund to issue housing loans for 10, 15
and eventually 25 years. Private banks will contribute to the fund, and the
loans will be insured by the government.

Chernomyrdin also said the program would encourage the construction of wood
houses, which are cheaper than brick ones and "traditional for Russia."

Delyagin said the program resembled the scheme already used by Stolichny Savings
Bank, a Moscow bank which issues 10-year housing loans in dollars at 19 percent
annual interest.

"Government insurance will make the interest lower, because most of the interest
that banks charge is for political risk," Delyagin said. "And it will not cost
the government much, because conditions will still be tough for many people and
they will have to put up a large part of the cost of the housing themselves, as
they do in the Stolichny scheme. It's not as though any bum off the street will
get the loans."

Delyagin said the scheme would have the added bonus of boosting the construction
industry and, consequently, the entire economy. "Thank God for elections," he
added. "They do clear people's brains and make them do things which will be good
for the economy."


LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1996 Independent Press


                              968 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 28, 1990, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

ST. LOUIS TRUCKS DEALER ADDS TWO FRANCHISES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 1294 words


I-70 Sales & Leasing Inc. has added two new dealer franchises - White GMC and
GMC - to its operation at 5550 Bircher Boulevard in St. Louis.  The new
dealership will operate under the name I-70 White GMC-GMC Truck Mart. Curtis
Smith, president of the company, said that the company would sell and service
GMC's entire line but would focus on medium and heavy trucks.  I-70 Sales &
Leasing opened last year as an independent truck center. It already represents
Volvo, Western Star, Autocar and Ottawa trucks.  HEADLINE: FARMING Association
Seeks Boost In Exports The American Soybean Association is urging farmers to ask
President George Bush to approve export credits for the Soviet Union in hopes of
boosting soybean exports.  ''The United States is the only major industrialized
nation that has not already granted export credit to the Soviet Union,'' said
M.N. ''Buck'' McCann, president of the soybean growers group.  Soviet officials
have told the group that they need the equivalent of 1 billion bushels of
soybeans to provide adequate protein for their livestock and poultry industries,
McCann said.  HEADLINE: MISSOURI LABOR Firebrick Company Lays Off Workers The
downturn in the economy and reduced demand for industrial firebricks are blamed
for the second layoff in four months at the National Refractories & Minerals
operation in Mexico, Mo.  The company announced Tuesday that 77 hourly and
salaried workers would be laid off effective Friday.  National Refractories had
531 workers at the plant before the first layoff of 115 workers in September,
when one of three tunnel kilns was closed. A second tunnel kiln, used to fire
bricks in the brick-making process, will be taken out of service by
mid-December.  SOURCE: AP HEADLINE: ILLINOIS AIRLINES State Loan To Midway
Grounded Gov. James R. Thompson discussed with other Illinois political leaders
a possible state loan to help keep financially strapped Midway Airlines aloft
but on Tuesday the idea seemed to be grounded.  ''It's not going to happen,''
said James Bray, Thompson's press secretary.  ''It appears the company is not
interested in any kind of loan.'' Chicago-based Midway issued a statement
Tuesday saying it ''will continue to remain alert to financing options.''
SOURCE: AP NATIONAL HEADLINE: AGRICULTURE Farm Exports Expected To Decline The
value of U.S. agricultural exports is expected to drop 4 percent this fiscal
year to $38.5 billion, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday in Washington.
The value of those exports rose to a nine-year high of more than $40.1 billion
in the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30. The volume of shipments also will drop 6
percent to around 139.5 million metric tons, about 154 million short tons, as
sales of corn and other coarse grains decline, the department's Economic
Research Service said.  SOURCE: AP HEADLINE: ALUMINUM Kaiser Corp. To Go Public
Again Kaiser Aluminum Corp., a subsidiary of Maxxam Inc., plans to go public
again with an offering of 6 million shares - an estimated 11 percent of its
common stock.  Houston-based Maxxam, controlled by financier Charles Hurwitz,
did not announce an offering price. A price of $20 per share, or $120 million
all told, was used to calculate a Securities and Exchange Commission
registration fee of $30,000, but a Wall Street source familiar with the SEC
filing said that this per-share figure may not be the eventual price.  SOURCE:
San Francisco Chronicle HEADLINE: INTERNATIONAL CITIES Tokyo Is World's Most
Expensive Tokyo wins the dubious distinction as the world's most expensive city,
closely followed by the Japanese city of Osaka, according to a study released
Tuesday in Geneva.  Two African capitals, Libreville in Gabon and Brazzaville in
the Congo, earned the next highest rankings in the cost-of-living index compiled
by the Geneva-based Corporate Resources Group, a private consulting group.  Six
European cities - Oslo, Helsinki, Zurich, Geneva, Stockholm and Copenhagen -
ranked among the top 10 most costly cities.  SOURCE: Reuters HEADLINE: KOREA
Hyundai Exports To U.S. Hit 1 Million Hyundai Motor Co. marked a milestone
Tuesday when its auto exports to the United States surpassed the 1 million mark,
the biggest South Korean automaker said in Seoul.  The company said it has now
exported 1,000,021 cars to the United States since it entered the market in
February 1986. The exports to the U.S.  account for two-thirds of Hyundai's
global auto exports in the last five years.  SOURCE: AP

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by AP ... Dry As A Bone ... A Soviet woman looking at a
supermarket refrigerator case in Moscow designed to store milk but which
displays shopping bags instead. The shortage of milk is the latest addition to a
growing list of consumer goods that have vanished from the shelves.

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              969 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 31, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

NEW-HOME SALES FELL 9.9% IN JUNE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 30


Sales of new homes fell 9.9 percent in June for the third consecutive monthly
decline, the Commerce Department said today.

Analysts said the weakness in the overall economy was beginning to affect the
momentum in housing, with the slump in the oil industry and problems in the farm
belt cutting into sales in the South and Middle West.

''Sales are still good, but we have lost the exuberance we had at the first of
the year,'' said Warren Lasko, executive vice president of the Mortgage Bankers
Association. ''The decline in June happened basically because interest rates
turned back up and we have a sick economy.''

Single-family homes sold at an annual rate of 703,000 units last month following
sales declines of 11.8 percent in May and 4.3 percent in April. The rate is
adjusted for seasonal variation.

Even with the declines, sales for the first six months of the year were 18
percent ahead of the pace in the first half of 1985, making housing one of the
few bright spots in the economy.

While mortgage rates climbed above 10 percent in May and early June, they have
started falling in recent weeks. Fixed-rate mortgages stood at a national
average of 10.4 percent last week, according to a survey by the Federal Home
Loan Mortgage Corporation.

David Wyss, an economist with Data Resources Inc., predicted rates will drop
below 10 percent by fall and help raise home sales.

Rise in Ownership

The surge in sales of both new and existing homes so far this year has helped
lift the percentage of American households owning their own homes to 63.8
percent in the April-June quarter, according to a separate Commerce Department
survey.

Home ownership, which had hit a 20-year low in the final three months of last
year, still remains well below the all-time peak of 65.6 percent in 1980.

James Christian, chief economist for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions,
said with sales of new and existing homes running at an annual rate of more than
4 million units since last August, there should be further improvements in
ownership rates in the months ahead.

But Michael Sumichrast, an economist at the National Association of Home
Builders, said his latest survey of builder expectations for future sales showed
a substantial decline in July.

Slowing Foreseen

''I think housing production peaked in the second quarter and you will see
moderation in construction and sales for the rest of the year,'' he said,
predicting sales of new single-family homes would total 710,000 for all of 1986,
up 3 percent from last year.

The weaker sales pushed prices down in June. The median price of a new home fell
3.3 percent, to $89,600. The median price, which means half the homes sold for
more and half for less, had been $92,700 in May. The average sales price
declined as well, dropping by 4.2 percent to $111,100.

The June annual sales rate of 703,000 units, the slowest pace since last
October, was down considerably from the 1986 peak of 924,000 units in March. The
weakness hit all regions except the West, where sales rose by 9.4 percent, to an
annual rate of 210,000 units.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              970 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  September 18, 1985, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

'Marginal' change reported in economic indicator for June

BYLINE: CDJ

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CDJ) - Statistics Canada said today its composite leading economic
indicator rose 0.1 per cent in June to 154.77.

The agency said the "marginal" change in the indicator "suggests little change
in the outlook for contunied moderate growth in the short-term.

The index has a base of 100 for 1971.

At the same time Statisticst Canada said Canadian manufacturers operated at 76.3
per cent of capacity in the first quarter.

Capacity utilization by manufacturers of durable goods rose to 71.1 per cent
from 70.6 per cent.

For producers of non-durables, the capacity utilization rate rose to 81.7 per
cent from 80.7 per cent.

OTTAWA (CDJ) - An immediate moratorium on foreclosures by the Farm Credit Corp.
has been ordered by federal Agriculture Minister John Wise. The minister says he
does not want any farmer forced off a farm by the government-owned corporation
while he is reviewing its "role and mandate." The corporation, which makes
long-term loans to Canadian farmers, has 670 foreclosure cases pending.

Adjusted retail sales

edge down in month

OTTAWA (CP) - Retail sales dropped 0.5 per cent in July, to $10.5 billion,
compared with the previous month, Statistics Canada says. Figures are adjusted
for seasonal fluctuations, holidays and the number of trading days. Showing the
largest decreases were sales by service stations, which fell 5.4 per cent;
jewelry stores, 4.9 per cent; stationery stores, 4.3 per cent. The largest
increases were in sales of sporting goods and accessories, up 5.3 per cent.
Lower sales were reported in seven provinces, with decreases ranging from 0.2
per cent in Saskatchewan to 1.8 per cent in Prince Edward Island. Higher sales
were recorded in Alberta, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

Business group urges

federal spending cut

OTTAWA (CDJ) - The federal government should cut its spending by a further $3
billion to $4 billion in the next budget, scheduled for early 1986, the Business
Council on National Issues says. The council, which represents the chief
executive officers of 155 major companies, says the cuts are needed to reduce
the government deficit. Recommended cuts include reductions in economic and
regional develpment programs and in the government's overhead expenses. "We
doubt that the federal government can pursue a successful policy of expenditure
reduction unless it applies a measure of spending restraint to social programs,"
the council adds.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cansim Telichart/Toronto Star chart Canadian business spending on
construction, machinery and equipment

                  Copyright 1985 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              971 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Gov't gives P34M in loans

BYLINE: Kathleen T. de Villa

SECTION: Pg. S1/2

LENGTH: 600 words


MORE than P34 million in loans under a joint credit program by the government
have been released to Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries' Organizations (ARBOs) in
Negros Occidental, as of early June.

Under the Agrarian Production Credit Program (APCP) launched in a partnership of
the Land Bank of the Philippines (Land Bank), the Department of Agrarian Reform
(DAR), and the Department of Agriculture (DA), a total of P34,075,802 in
approved loan applications out of more than P131 million were handed to 34
ARBOs, as of June 7.

The secured total loan amount was approved by the Land Bank to cover the
agricultural production and management expenses of 3,473 Comprehensive Agrarian
Reform Program (CARP) beneficiaries that were awarded farm lots in the region.

The APCP has P1-billion budget approval from President Benigno S. C. Aquino III.
Its primary component, Agricultural Product Credit, aims to provide credit
support for a sustainable livelihood that will yield lucrative crop production
for at least 224,036 agrarian reform beneficiaries nationwide.

"The loan is not given directly. The Land Bank will dispense the loan to the
ARBOs, who will in turn serve as the conduit to the individual beneficiaries,"
DAR Undersecretary for Support Services Jerry E. Pacturan said in a phone
interview.

Jeffrey Maningo, Head of the Land Bank Negros Occidental Lending Center, said in
a statement that the remaining balance will be given to the organizations upon
submission of required documents.

According to Mr. Pacturan, ARBOs should be in operation for at least six months
to qualify in the security of loans under the program.

"The organizations must also have juridical entity, which means that they must
possess one of the following: CDA (Cooperative Development Authority)
registration; SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission) registration; and DoLE
(Department of Labor and Employment) registration," Mr. Pacturan noted.

"Lastly, they must have a team of managers and officers."

The Negros Island Savings and Credit Cooperative received the biggest portion,
P21.9 million of a P30-million loan approved for the cooperative. It has another
P72 million loan application pending at the Land Bank.

The ARBOs that received loans greater than P1-million include Sta. Isabel ARB
Farmers' Organizations, with P1.9 million; Hacienda Carmenchica ARB and FW
Association, with P1.8 million; Hacienda Bernardita ARB MPC, with P1.5 million;
Hacienda Malaga Cuenca AR Coop, with P1.4 million; CASA Agrarian Reform
Cooperative, with P1.3 million; and Association of San German ARB, with P1.06
million.

The remaining P3.2 million of the total P34 million released was divided into
smaller amounts among other groups.

The member-beneficiaries of the qualified ARBOs must also comply with certain
requirements to secure a loan under the program. Members should hold a title -
either an emancipation patent or a certificate of land ownership award -
certified by the municipal agrarian reform officer. They must also provide a
template of the farm plan to be rolled out by the organization as a business
plan.

The requirements, Mr. Pacturan said, are easier compared with other banks'
lending programs.

The APCP's other components include agricultural production and financial
management support, and institutional capacity building.

The former provides for the financing processes of the organizations as well as
for agricultural production management that will be headed by DA members, while
the latter strengthens organizations by institutionalizing organizational
vision, operational policies, systems, and procedures, among others.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday

Jurgielewicz Duck Farm faces conversion to Ch. 7

BYLINE: by Aviva Gat

LENGTH: 773 words


Bankrupt Jurgielewicz Duck Farm will have to convince a New York court that its
case isn't full of feathers.  Judge Dorothy Eisenberg of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Eastern District of New York in Central Islip is scheduled to
consider converting the case to a Chapter 7 liquidation on March 15 at the
request of creditor Cargill Inc.  Cargill moved the court to convert the case on
Oct. 6, alleging that the debtor has sustained postpetition losses of $146,419,
according to the debtor's monthly operating reports.   Cargill further alleged
that the extent of the debtor's losses was not disclosed in operating reports
because the debtor did not include postpetition fees and payment delinquencies.
For example, the debtor references its unpaid postpetition debt to Eastport
Feeds Inc. from May to the present, but the debt to Eastport has been
accumulating since the debtor's Jan. 12, 2010, petition, Cargill asserted.  The
conversion motion was first up for consideration on Oct. 26, but the hearing was
continued several times. Barton Nachamie of Todtman, Nachamie, Spizz & Johns PC,
counsel to debtor-in-possession lender Couak Capital Corp., said the conversion
motion comes from an allegation that JDF sold Cargill bad duck food.

Nachamie said he doesn't think the motion will be granted.  Couak and JDF, on
the other hand, do think reorganization is possible. The parties submitted a
joint plan for reorganization on Dec. 30. They have not yet filed a disclosure
statement to accompany the plan and no hearing had been scheduled on the plan as
of Wednesday afternoon, Feb. 16. Nachamie said he does not know when the
disclosure statement will be filed.  Couak lent JDF $400,000 in DIP financing.
The loan is priced at 12% and matures upon confirmation of a plan. The court
approved the financing on a final basis on Jan. 4.  Couak also agreed to acquire
JDF's assets after the debtor failed to procure other bidders during an auction
process, but the motion was withdrawn on Sept. 14. Couak had offered to
credit-bid its loan and pay $75,000 in cash.   Nachamie said Couak withdrew its
motion because the New York Department of Environmental Conservation imposed
guidelines that made acquiring the company more difficult than it was worth.
While Couak did not acquire the debtor through a sale under the Bankruptcy Code,
Couak is recovering a stake through the reorganization plan.  Under the plan,
administrative and priority tax claims would be paid in full. Secured tax
creditors would retain their liens and be repaid in full within five years of
the plan's effective date. Priority claims would be paid in full with interest
at The Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 1%.  Couak, owed $100,000 on its
loan, would receive 99.9% ownership of the debtor. Its claim would also be
reinstated.  Bellwether LLC and Kalmbach Feeds Inc. would be allowed to
foreclose on their collateral.  Cargill's claim would be capped at $10,000 and
would be allowed to pursue legal remedies on the debtor's Ohio properties.
First Pioneer Farm Credit ACA's mortgage lien would be reinstated, but the
interest rate would be lowered to 6% per annum.  Titmus Enterprises would
recover $925,000 on its secured claim.  General Motors Acceptance Corp. would
retain its liens.  Non-insider unsecured creditors would recover a pro-rata
share of $75,000. Insider unsecured creditors would not receive any recovery.
Convenience creditors would be paid in full.  Benjamin Jurgielewicz, who owned
100% of the debtor, would recover 0.1% interest in the company in return for a
$10,000 cash infusion.  JDF operates a free-range duck farm in Moriches, N.Y.,
and said it intends to shift its duck-growing operations from Long Island to
contract growing farms in Indiana and Pennsylvania.   JDF already began shifting
its business in October and plans to only operate a hatchery and processing
plant in Long Island. Jurgielewicz plans to sell some of its unused property to
the Town of Brookhaven, Suffolk County, or another qualified purchaser in order
to help fund the plan. A failure to close a sale within three years would be
considered a default on the debtor's obligations under the plan.  In schedules,
JDF listed $6.3 million in assets and $6.2 million in liabilities. Its largest
unsecured creditors are South Shore Acres ($1.2 million), Sauder Feeds Inc.
($455,534), Cargill ($331,837), Kalmbach Feeds (239,634) and Petro Inc.
($178,559).  Debtor counsel Lori Schwartz of Robinson Brog Leinwand Greene
Genovese & Gluck PC did not return calls for comment.  Seth L. Hibbert of Getman
& Biryla LLP is counsel to Cargill.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 27, 1992

Fail Now Owes ICH $ 108MM;
$ 14 MILLION DEFAULT

BYLINE: By PAUL MUOLO

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


Controversial thrift owner James M. Fail now owes ICH Corp., a Louisville,
Ky.-based insurance conglomerate, more than $ 108 million, most of which is
collateralized by his ownership of Bluebonnet Savings Bank here, and has
defaulted on an additional $ 14 million loan.

According to ICH's most recent 10-K filing, Mr. Fail has defaulted on a $ 14
million mortgage made to him by an ICH affiliate which recently foreclosed on
the loan.

The loan is collateralized by a housing development south of Tucson, Arizona.

Last week ICH president Robert Beisenherz told NMN that the $ 108 million in
loans "are in good shape" and that the company has no plans to take control of
Bluebonnet.

Bluebonnet had a tangible capital of $ 154.71 million as of Dec. 31, 1991.

Mr. Beisenherz said the loans are "safe," but admitted that "we're not happy
with the amount of loans we extended to him (Fail)."

He added that "we're continuing to evaluate the situation."

Commenting on the $ 14 million loan, he said the property "currently is not
worth that amount.  I have no idea what it's worth."

Originally Marquette National Life, an ICH affiliate, lent Mr. Fail and his CFSB
Corp. $ 60 million, $ 35 million of which was used to buy Bluebonnet.

Marquette and another ICH affiliate, Bankers Life, then extended Mr. Fail $ 18
million and $ 30 million in loans respectively.

According to ICH's 10-K filing, the Bankers debt and accrued interest now total
$ 33.5 million.

Counting the $ 14 million loan, ICH has entrusted Mr. Fail with more than $ 122
million in credit.

Mr. Fail and Bluebonnet's spokesman Jerry Ray did not return telephone calls
last week.

The foreclosure by ICH on the $ 14 million loan is the most recent in a long
line of bad news for Mr. Fail who a few years back bought Bluebonnet from the
Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. with $ 3 billion in government
assistance.

A few weeks ago the state of Arizona filed a multi-million dollar civil
racketeering suit against Mr. Fail, accusing him of insurance fraud and of
looting his now-defunct insurance company.  Farm and Home Life Insurance Co.,
Phoenix.

Among other things, the state charges that Mr. Fail contributed a $ 20 million
trust certificate to the insurance company's net worth that was guaranteed by
his ownership stake in Bluebonnet.

The state plans to ask Bluebonnet for the $ 20 million, which could affect ICH's
position as a creditor of Mr. Fail and CFSB.

In 1976, Mr. Fail was indicted for securities fraud in Alabama but the
indictment was dropped after he agreed to stop doing business in the state.

Despite all of Mr. Fail's financial woes, the Resolution Trust Corp. recently
sold to Bluebonnet eight Texas thrift branches and $ 426 million in deposits for
just $ 50,000.

Because the thrift paid cash, no background check was conducted on Bluebonnet or
its owner.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              974 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 15, 2013 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cattle thefts spur new interest in branding;
Rising livestock prices prompt rustling revival

BYLINE: Judy Keen, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 660 words


The Kleiboeker family has been farming in Lawrence County, Mo., since the 1860s
and never felt the need to brand its cattle. Until now.

A rash of cattle thefts in the area spurred John Kleiboeker and his wife, Robyn,
to design a brand -- the letter K, a C, an inverted C and an F for Clover Creek
Farms -- and register it with the state. They're shopping online for a company
to manufacture the branding iron and then will use it to mark their 75 head of
cattle.

"There have been a lot of thefts in and around our county," says Kleiboeker, 40.
"We traditionally have not ever worried about theft, but it just seems like it's
gotten worse and worse."

Cattle theft is increasing in some parts of the country as economic woes
continue and livestock prices rise. In 2012, more than 10,400 head of cattle and
horses were reported missing or stolen to the Texas and Southwestern Cattle
Raisers Association, up from 7,600 in 2011, says Larry Gray, the group's
executive director of law enforcement. There were 1,225 reports of missing or
stolen cattle in California in 2012, up from 1,110 in 2011, says Greg Lawley,
chief of the state Bureau of Livestock Identification.

In the eight-county area of southwest Missouri where Kleiboeker farms, about 150
cattle have been stolen in the past 18 months, says Eldon Cole, a livestock
specialist with University of Missouri Extension. Two weeks ago, 27 cattle from
two farms vanished on the same night, he says.

"Cattle prices are in pretty darn good shape right now, so it's easy pickings
for thieves," Cole says. A cow/calf pair could go for $1,500-$1,800 and
individual calves can be worth $800-$1,000. About 5,000 brands are registered in
Missouri, but they cover only about 10% of the state's herds, he says.

In response to the rustling revival in Missouri, a demonstration of branding
techniques held last month attracted an overflow crowd of more than 200 people,
including Kleiboeker. Branding animals dates to ancient Egypt, and Spanish
explorers introduced the practice here.

Some cattle producers use the hot-iron technique depicted in old Wild West
movies and TV shows. A newer approach, freeze branding, uses super-cold irons
that cause less damage to the animal's hide. Tattoos and electronic ear tags
also are used to identify cattle, but both can be cut from the animals by
thieves. DNA tests can be used to establish ownership, but they are more often
used when an animal's ownership already is in dispute.

"We have yet to find a system that can replace a hot brand on a cow," says Carl
Bennett, director of the Louisiana Livestock Brand Commission. "There's nothing
in modern society that's more sure."

Louisiana and other states maintain databases of  brands; when cattle are sold,
inspectors check them to ensure that the rightful owner is bringing them to
market. Bennett says branding is becoming more important in his state as the
popularity of Black Angus cattle grows -- the all-black cattle all look alike.

There's an unfortunate trend in his state, Bennett says: Some farmers have
stopped branding their livestock to reduce the chances they'll be held liable if
a vehicle strikes an animal running loose on a road.

Gray says some banks require that any livestock that are collateral for loans
have brands.

Legislation introduced in  California  would base penalties for rustling on the
value of the stolen livestock and make repeat offenders subject to jail time. In
Missouri, rewards are being offered for information leading to the arrest and
conviction of cattle thieves, and farmers have formed neighborhood watches,
Cole says.

Kleiboeker monitors the front gate of his farm and counts his cattle every
morning and evening, but he thinks freeze brands on his animals' left hips will
make his herd and his livelihood safer.

Local law enforcement officials, he says, hammer home the message that "the
biggest thing is prevention. Day in and day out," he says, "I'm hearing the
message: brand, brand, brand."

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo File photo by Craig A. Hacker for USA TODAY Cattle with ear tags
munch on alfalfa on a farm owned by veterinarian Scott Crain in Meade, Kan., in
November 2011.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Burke Gazette (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 15, 2015

FSA Taking Applications for Co. Committee

BYLINE: The Burke Gazette staff

LENGTH: 406  words


Farm Service Agency County Committee Nomination Period Ends August 3rd.

It is important for county committees to reflect America's diversity, all
eligible farmers and ranchers, including beginning farmers are encouraged to get
involved in this year's elections. FSA has seen an increase in the number of
nominations for qualified candidates, especially among women and minorities -- a
trend the Agency would like to see continue.

To be eligible to serve on a FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area where they are
nominated.

Farmers and ranchers may nominate themselves or others. Organizations
representing minorities and women also may nominate candidates. To become a
candidate, an eligible individual must sign an FSA-669A nomination form. The
form and other information about FSA county committee elections are available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. Nomination forms for the 2015 election must be
postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on
Aug. 3, 2015.

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9, 2015.
Ballots will be due back to the local county office either via mail or in person
by Dec. 7, 2015. Newly elected committee members and alternates will take office
on Jan. 1, 2016.

While FSA county committees do not approve or deny farm ownership or operating
loans, they make decisions on disaster and conservation programs, emergency
programs, commodity price support loan programs and other agricultural issues.
Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are about 7,800 farmers and
ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to 11
members that are elected by eligible producers.

The Gregory County Farm Service Agency (FSA) is taking County Committee
nominations through August 3, 2015 for the Local Administrative Area (LAA) 3. LA
A 3 consists of Turgeon, Whetstone, St. Charles Schriever Lindley, Star Valley,
Elision, Pleasant Valley, Fairfax, Randall townships. The current committee
member for this area is Daniel Koenig. He is completing his second 3-year term
at the end of this year and is eligible for re-election host their monthly
Birthday/Anniversary supper on Wednesday, July 15, at 5:30 PM at the Senior
Citizen Center. Please bring your favorite potluck dish to share.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Burke Gazette


                              976 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 1, 2011 Tuesday

Would be bank to list on market today

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 544 words


New Zealand's first new equity listing in six months will debut on the
sharemarket today but trading will be limited because 72 per cent of the shares
are still tied up with one owner.

Building Society Holdings, a new company established through combining Pyne
Gould Corporation's Marac Finance, CBS Canterbury and Southern Cross Building
Society, will be the first listing since property company DNZ hit the market
last August.

The only other listing last year was a small one by candle retailer Ecoya.

Pyne Gould Corporation (PGC) chief executive Jeff Greenslade, who will move to
head the new company, said it did not have a set idea on how much the shares
would begin trading at. "We expect there is going to be interest in the shares
because this is a unique proposition."

In its combined state the company will be one of the largest remaining finance
companies in New Zealand with $2.2 billion of assets, but it also aims to get a
banking licence. If it gets the licence it would be the smallest of New
Zealand's banks but one of only four that are New Zealand owned.

The company has a net tangible asset backing of $265 million and 300 million
shares equating to 88c a share. But only 28 per cent of the shares can be traded
as the remaining 72 per cent is still owned by PGC.

In November PGC said if the deal to combine the companies went ahead it would
distribute most of its stake in Building Society Holdings to PGC shareholders as
well as a small placement to institutional investors.

At the time the company said it intended to "implement the distribution as soon
as practicable following the proposed listing". But in a statement last Thursday
PGC said the distribution would be scheduled for the first half of 2011.

Greenslade denied there was any delay and said it was still proceeding with the
distribution but it had not yet decided how much of the 72 per cent would go to
shareholders and how much would be placed.

"It's really a legal process we have to go through. There are no roadblocks or
obstacles - it's just a process we have to go through."

Greenslade said the breakdown between the placement and share transfer depended
on the capital lending within the group.

PGC has promised to sell its 18.3 per cent stake in PGG Wrightson to Agria
Corporation but will not know exactly how much of its stake will be included in
the partial takeover until it closes on April 15. The take-up will be adjusted
proportionally depending on how many other Wrightson investors also take up the
offer.

But Greenslade said regardless of how much of the 18.3 per cent was sold to
Agria it would be disposing of the entire stake in Wrightson.

"We will be looking to divest or place all of it one way or another," he said.

If it sells the entire stake to Agria it would net around $83 million.

The transfer of Marac and sale of its PGG Wrightson stake leaves PGC with just
its Perpetual asset management and trustee business, which includes its private
equity fund Torchlight.

Some have questioned whether the company will remain listed as it is likely to
fall out of the NZX-50 once it transfers the shares in Building Society Holdings
to investors.

Greenslade said the intention was to remain listed but it was undergoing a
strategic review and considering a "number of options."

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Shakori center now owns its farm

BYLINE: Cliff Bellamy cbellamy@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6744

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 410  words


DURHAM - The Shakori Hills Community Arts Center now owns the Chatham County
land where the organization presents the annual fall and spring festivals of
music and dance. Organizers say ownership will allow the center to continue
improving the site and offer more arts and cultural opportunities for the
community.

Members of the organization closed on the property earlier this week, paying
$695,000 for the 73-acre site at 1439 Henderson Tanyard Road and the 1900-era
house that Shakori Hills Community Arts Center uses as its headquarters. Last
year, the organization reached its goal of raising $75,000 for a down payment on
the site.

Shakori Hills raised the money for the property through a community financing
mechanism, said Carol Peppe Hewitt, author

see shakori/page a2

SHAKORI

of "Financing Our Foodshed" and an advocate of locally based financing. Hewitt,
a longtime volunteer for the festival, helped spearhead the effort. Shakori
formed an entity, Shakori Hills Finance LLC, to act as the source for the loan.
A number of private investors, at a minimum of $10,000, invested in that entity
and will begin receiving principal plus 5 percent over 10 years.

Shakori formed the entity in partnership with Finger Lakes GrassRoots Festival
of Trumansburg, N.Y., Hewitt said. Finger Lakes is the parent nonprofit group
that produces annual GrassRoots music and dance festivals in Pittsboro,
Trumansburg and Miami, Fla.

The Shakori Hills Community Arts Center previously rented the land. Ownership
will allow the organization to expand educational programming, and continue
improving the infrastructure. "It is a cultural arts center. There could be
music workshops, dance workshops," Hewitt said. She emphasized that the farm
will not just be a festival site, but "an arts center that serves the community
throughout the year."

Shakori Hills is calling the financing mechanism a "community mortgage," because
the money comes from local investors and stays with them. Hewitt would like to
see more such financing. "We can, as a community, finance projects that
otherwise might struggle to find financing," she said.

The local Shakori Hills organization presents the fall and spring Shakori Hills
GrassRoots Festival of Music and Dance, and the Hoppin' John Fiddlers
Convention. Since the annual music and dance festival began in 2003, Shakori has
added several stages, a barn area for coffee and concessions, campground areas,
solar panels and other infrastructure.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday

Good advice is vital

SECTION: ADVERTISING; SUPPLEMENT; LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES & SMALL FARMS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 542 words


If you consider owning a small farm or lifestyle block is a "fancy house on an
over-large lawn with a few animals, crops or orchard", think again advises
Maureen Jacobs, a senior manager and chartered accountant with Marriotts in
Christchurch.

"If all you have is a hobby, and there is a criteria for a hobby, that's fine,
but if you want this activity to be a business, which in time will contribute to
your financial well-being then you need to look seriously at some good
accounting advice."

Jacobs says there will be occasions when you require the use of professional
services, both before and after the purchase.

"One of those professionals is a chartered accountant, and it's important to
consult with him or her before you purchase."

Jacobs says prospective buyers need to consider the type of activity they intend
to carry out, whether it will be a business or a hobby, and the tax implications
surrounding the purchase.

There are also GST implications to think about and ownership options.

"Any or all of these will open up further questions and answers as you consider
your needs," says Jacobs. "A chartered accountant is one who is with you at the
beginning, guides you on the path to success and provides support and advice
when times get tough."

Having your chartered accountant on board when you start allows you to avoid the
problems of not getting it right when you set up the ownership structures, or
the GST and tax problems that occur when you make the wrong decisions. "Unless
you have an expert's knowledge of the complex taxation and GST law, you can find
yourself in financial strife," says Jacobs.

"You could listen to your friends, colleagues and family, but one of the
problems with that is, they are not you and do you want to be them? Don't get me
wrong, they can provide you with valuable knowledge and are great to bounce
ideas off, but they are not bound to get it right, whereas chartered accountants
are."

If you consider that you are too small to need the services of a chartered
accountant you will be delighted to know that they come in all sizes.

"They provide only the services and advice you need to ensure you have the
knowledge to grow your business," says Jacobs.

"They can guide you on many issues that may arise, provide or supply software
services, financial advice, prepare loan applications, and cash flows and so
on."

"Just because you are small doesn't mean you have to settle for bad advice, and
there will be accounting work which you can and will do, provided you have the
support that an accountant can provide. In most accounting firms there will be
qualified accountants with the type and level of advice you need."

If you have ever been, or know, someone who did not get the right advice in the
beginning, either legal or financial, you will know the cost and heartache that
could have been avoided.

"Think of your business as a small tractor. If you run out of diesel you may be
able to push it, but if you haven't got a wheel, try pushing then.

"Chartered accountants are the wheels that keep you moving and are quite happy
to sit in the sun if they are not needed," says Jacobs.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Watchful eye: a good accountant will keep a beady eye out to minimise expenses
and avoid costly mistakes.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

BRIEFCASE Square raises IPO value

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 600 words


SQUARE RAISES IPO VALUE

NEW YORK  - Square, the six-year-old company known for its white, cube-shaped
credit and debit card readers that plug into smartphones, is boosting its
planned initial public offering value by 47 percent in what has become a tough
market for new companies trying to raise cash.

The San Francisco financial-services startup was founded and is led by Jack
Dorsey, who co-founded Twitter and recently returned to lead that company again.

The traditional manner of valuing a company, done by multiplying the total
outstanding shares by the price of each share, puts Square's worth at $4.2
billion if the top end of the pricing range is used. That is  substantially
lower than a $6 billion valuation by the private investors in connection with
the $150 million Series E fundraising in October 2014, according to the website
crunchbase.com, which tracks investments in tech companies.

Square Inc. plans to offer just over 31 million shares at a maximum of $13
apiece for total value of up to $403.7 million.

CONSUMER BORROWING SOARS

WASHINGTON  - U.S. consumer borrowing jumped by a record amount in September,
driven higher by big gains in borrowing for auto and student loans.

The Federal Reserve said Friday that consumer borrowing increased $28.9 billion,
the largest one-month increase on record going back to 1941. It followed a gain
of $16 billion in August and pushed total consumer borrowing to an all-time high
of $3.5 trillion.

The big September gain reflected a $22.2 billion increase in the category that
covers auto loans and student loans and a $6.7 billion increase in credit card
borrowing. It was the biggest increase in auto and student loans since July
2011.

CAR STARTUP PLANS $1B FACTORY

LOS ANGELES - Faraday Future, a mysterious electric car startup taking shape in
Nissan's former U.S. sales office outside Los Angeles, said this week it plans
to sell its first vehicle in 2017 and is looking to make a $1 billion investment
in a factory.

The company founded by former Tesla Motors employees said it was eyeing several
locations, including California, Georgia, Louisiana and Nevada, but is keeping
the source of its development funds and ownership secret.

"There is a significant investor who has an international profile and wants the
company to stand on its own merits before making the association," said Stacy
Morris, Faraday's spokeswoman.

The company, which has about 400 employees, sees itself as a rival to Palo Alto
electric car company Tesla.

MOST POULTRY FARMS CAN RESTOCK

DES MOINES, IOWA  - Most commercial chicken and turkey farms that were infected
by the bird flu have been cleared to restock, agriculture officials said Friday,
but scientists  will keep an  eye on migrating birds and test thousands to see
if the virus is present.

No new cases have been reported since June 17 when the last Iowa farm said
chickens were dying from the H5N2 virus.

However, wild birds' southern migration has been delayed by a warmer fall, so
officials still need  a month to assure farmers there were no recurrences, Iowa
Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey said. Samples have been tested from more
than 19,000 wild birds  in the U.S. with plans to test 38,000 total, U.S.
Department of Agriculture veterinarian Dr. Kevin Petersburg said.

The U.S. government has paid out $200 million to farmers for lost birds and
nearly $500 million to those who helped euthanize birds and disinfect farms,
Petersburg said.

Impact on the availability of Thanksgiving whole turkeys will be minimal, said
Gretta Irwin, executive director of the Iowa Turkey Federation.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              980 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                            January 24, 1992 Friday

Just how well off are they?

BYLINE: TROETH S

LENGTH: 1593 words


FORMER prime minister Bob Hawke might have been crying poor after his exit from
the top job last December.But Mr Hawke's exit from the lap of luxury was not as
painful as he claimed.

As well as a host of benefits from the public purse, Mr Hawke's lucrative
post-PM options included cosy television chats with world leaders, celebrity
speech-making or a position with the Commonwealth secretariat, with a potential
annual income of more than $1 million.

Other parliamentarians already enjoy benefits from income outside their efforts
in Canberra.

The Opposition industrial relations spokesman, John Howard, is also a law
consultant for Clayton Utz, and Liberal backbencher Kevin Andrew earns extra
income from medical research and media work.

Many other politicians rake in big dollars from their swollen asset and share
portfolios.

Both outside income and assets held by parliamentarians are on the public record
to avoid a conflict of interest when policy decisions are made.

The Register of Members' Interests - set up in 1984 to disclose what Australian
politicians and their families own and earn - contains few potential
millionaires.

Voters are unable to find out the exact dollar value of their representative, as
dollar values are not listed in the register, and senators are immune from
scrutiny.

Many members are revealed as typical Australians, with a house (mortgaged), a
car (with loan) and few other big assets.

Still, the items listed show some members of the House of Representatives live
very comfortably.

Liberals feature highly on Canberra's rich list, with the following qualifying
as Australia's richest parliamentarians: JULIAN BEALE (LIB, BRUCE) MR Beale was
general manager of a plastics company, a management consultant and managing
director of a resources company before entering Parliament.

He is the Opposition spokesman on privatisation, and those close to him said he
would make "a hell of a lot more money elsewhere" if he chose to leave
Parliament.

His family trust owns four properties in Toorak, Mt Waverley,itcham and
Canberra.

Two private companies hold shares in blue-chip companies such as BHP, CSR, Lend
Lease, Mayne Nickless, Brambles, SA Brewing and Pacific Dunlop.

An overdraft and two loans are the only financial dogs nipping at Mr Beale's
heels.

ALEXANDER DOWNER (LIB, MAYO) WITH a reputation as a son of the Adelaide
establishment and the plummiest voice in Parliament, Mr Downer often gets short
shrift from Labor stalwarts.

He was an economist, diplomat and political adviser before entering Parliament,
and owns houses in Bridgewater and Williamstown (both in SA).

His share portfolio includes Elders, Pacific Dunlop, Rothmans, Westpac, Quatro,
Pro Image Studios and Disctronics.

TIM FISCHER (NATIONALS, FARRER) ALTHOUGH the National Party leader would not
qualify as rich, Mr Fischer is certainly well-off.

THE renowned bachelor and train-spotter has investment flats in the Sydney
beachside suburb of Bronte and the NSW town of Wagga, a house in Albury and a
farm at Boree Creek.

He also holds shares in several mining companies, including BHP, Clyde, Western
Mining, Hunter Resources and Command Petroleum.

CHRIS GALLUS (LIB, HAWKER) MRS Gallus, a former research executive with an
advertising agency, has two houses in her home state of South Australia and a
flat in Hawaii.

She is a director of the Rich River Country Club, Ramada Inn Pty Ltd and Schier
Investments Pty Ltd, and is a member of the Liberal Party and Greenpeace.

JOHN HEWSON (LIB, WENTWORTH) RIDICULED in Parliament for his ownership of a
Ferrari and other big-league trinkets, Dr Hewson entered Parliament with years
of high income as a professional economist behind him.

He holds shares in two investments, pastoral and consulting groups (Brintmar
Holdings and Tobazo Pty Ltd) and the NZ firm Hamelyn Group.

Dr Hewson owns a house with his father and brother in Bowral, a farm in Sutton
Forest and commercial property in Bowral with his merchant banker wife Carolyn,
and another house in Bellevue Hill, Sydney, by himself.

These holdings must be balanced by an overdraft line, a mortgage and a loan
taken by Dr Hewson.

PETER McGAURAN (NATIONALS, GIPPSLAND)BEFORE being elected, Mr McGauran was a
barrister and solicitor.

He is a rising star in the National Party and is known as the "Sixty Million
Dollar Man" for the alleged size of his family holdings.

Shares in three family companies are complemented by a family trust which owns
properties and various hotel/motel operations in Victoria, including the
Downtowner in Carlton.

Most of the McGauran holdings are in huge chunks in West Gippsland.

Mr McGauran owns two mortgaged houses in Gippsland and East Melbourne.

IAN McLACHLAN (LIB, BARKER) MR McLachlan shot to fame as a high-profile
president of the National Farmers Federation and is a woolgrower from a family
with large holdings in South Australia.

He is busy with directorships in five investment/trustee companies, three
pastoral companies and one livestock breeding operation.

He also holds shares with Elders, Adelaide Steamship and South Australian
Brewing and is a beneficiary of two family trusts.

He is a former board member of Elders IXL and was also deputy chairman of the
South Australian Brewing Company.

JOHN MOORE (LIB, RYAN) ONE of the plotters with Wilson Tuckey in the demise of
Andrew been a member of the Brisbane Stock Exchange amd a company director.

Mr Moore has two homes and a farm in Queensland and a house in Toorak, together
with shares in Walhalla Mining and Pacific Dunlop.

THESE are offset by loans with AMP and Macquarie Bank and an overdraft with
Westpac.

WILSON TUCKEY (LIB, O'CONNOR) MR TUCKEY, a former mayor of Carnarvon, lists the
principle of free enterprise as a special interest and has a handy portfolio.

His personal real estate holdings include a horse stud and horse-training
facility in Western Australia, and his wife holds part-ownership in some tourist
flats in Carnarvon and a house in Redcliffe.

A private company owns a farm, some land and part or all of a shopping centre at
Bayswater (WA), another house in Belmont and the Windsor Regency Lodge in Perth.

IAN WILSON (LIB, STURT) MR Wilson, a solicitor, has been in Parliament since
1966 and is a big player in the parliamentary wealth stakes.

With his spouse and dependent children, Mr Wilson holds shares in 26 companies -
the largest portfolio of any member.

He is also a director of 12 companies, mostly specialising in investment and
property management, and is able to choose between eight houses from Adelaide to
Wongaling Beach, Queensland, to Curtin in the ACT - some co-owned with his wife
or others.

THE PRIME MINISTER, MR KEATING MR Keating lists a house in Elizabeth Bay,
Sydney, his collection of antique clocks, furniture and objets d'art and shares
in Euphron Pty Ltd, which has interests in a piggery and fridge manufacturing,
as his main assets.

Among other politicians, two ALP members - Michael Lavarch and Neville Newell -
hold no real estate at all.

Treasurer John Dawkins has a newly built house in Fremantle, which he owns with
his wife.

Mr Hawke has a house in Northbridge in Sydney valued at about $1.2 million.

Some ministers have medium-sized propety holdings. The Social Security Minister,
Dr Blewett, has two houses in South Australia, one in Bondi and one in Canberra;
the Road Transport Minister, Mr Brown, owns six houses or blocks of land and the
Environment Minister, Ms Kelly, owns three houses with her husband.

When Mr Hawke was demoted to the backbench he had his take-home pay cut in half
- to $93,905 plus allowances - but a healthy parliamentary pension of $100,000
will ensure a worry-free retirement.

Free first-class travel within Australia for life and an office with a small
staff and use of a Commonwealth car will also ease the burden.

Mr Hawke freely admitted he did not go into politics for the money, although the
return from the thankless career of federal politics is not small.

For members and senators in Canberra, a base salary of $66,387 is topped up with
an electorate allowance of $27,518, along with a long list of other allowances
for cars, chairing committees, postage, home phone calls and office rental.

The base salary is linked to a Special Executive Service Band One pay rate (SES
Band One is around the highest level of public servants, although many top
bureaucrats are on contract).

The Prime Minister gets an extra $106,848 for leading the country, with his
ministers receive another $46,722 on top of their salary, and the Opposition
Leader a top-up of $55,047.

These wages pale into relative poverty compared with those of overseas
politicians. In the US, senators get a salary and allowance package of $489,883,
not including a massive staff allowance of $1.5 million a year.

SO, are our politicians paid enough to do a decent job, even if some of them
hardly need the job to stay comfortable? But Mr Roger Holdich - who wrote a
report on the matter for the Public Service Commission in late 1988 after study
around the world - said there was still little incentive for good performers to
enter politics.

"In my view, if parliamentary emoluments were substantially better than at
present, the range of able people seeking to make a career in politics would
almost certainly be greater," Mr Holdich wrote.

In other words, if you pay peanuts, you get monkeys . . .

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LEFT: Julian Beale . . . "would make a hell of a lot more money" if
heleft Parliament.  RIGHT: Ian McLachlan (top) . . . busy with directorships
infive companies. Peter McGauran . . . the "Sixty Million Dollar Man".
JohnHewson . . . entered Parliament with years of high income. Tim Fischer . .
.investment flats at Bronte and Wagga, a house in Albury and a farm at
BoreeCreek.  Ian Wilson . . . a director of 12 companies.  Bob Hawke . .
.take-home pay cut in half.  Prime Minister Paul Keating . . . a house
andantiques.  John Dawkins . . . a house he shares with his wife.

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              981 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

State offers loan relief to black farmers;
zz Move brings new hope to Land Bank

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 965 words


South Africa's agriculture, forestry and fisheries department is pledging to
take over operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under
distress" which amount to about 10 percent of the 283 farmers facing financial
troubles as identified by the land bank.

The double pronged move is also intended to salvage the land bank from certain
collapse.

These farmers as a whole owe R232 million to the land bank, which falls under
the treasury department. The department's spokesman Steve Galani confirmed that
the operational loans amounted to about R23 million to cover the costs of
operational loans of about 30 farmers.

The new agriculture minister Minister Tina Joemat-Petersson who reported at the
results presentation of the land bank that the new rural development and land
reform department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of that
which is owed. This was over R200 million.

The bailing out of the bank was welcomed by agriculture business chamber chief
executive John Purchase and AgriSA president Johannes Moller who noted that the
bailouts would reduce pressure on the land bank.

Purchase who also welcomed the announcement by the minister that government
would look at merging and coordinating the work of the various development
finance institutions.

Purchase noted at present that the various institutions were involved in
targeting the same farmers in need and many of them shopped around resulting in
duplication. The coordination of their work would remove unnecessary
duplication.

Moller said the bailout could in fact rescue the land bank from going under but
it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets from to take over
the land and operational loans of the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Peterssen had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering the reestablishment of the agricultural credit agency which
previous existed. This meant that farmers could loan money - at a lower rate -
to pay back more expensive loans, including from the land bank.

Ben Marais, president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations onto the rural development and land
reform department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. He was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Peterssen said it was of critical importance that government would not
"just be throwing money into the problem and walking away." Government would not
allow the distortion of normal flow of business processes to rescue individuals
who were not willing to put their shoulders "behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, she noted that w

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Department is pledging to take over
operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under distress".

About 30 of the 283 farmers facing financial troubles, as identified by the Land
Bank, are to benefit from the double-pronged move, which is also intended to
salvage the Land Bank from certain collapse.

These farmers owe a total of R232m to the Land Bank, which falls under the
National Treasury. The department's spokesman, Steve Galani, said the
operational loans amounted to about R23m to cover the costs of about 30 farmers.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said at the results presentation of
the Land Bank yesterday that the new Rural Development and Land Reform
Department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of what was owed.
This was more than R200m.

The bailout of the bank was welcomed by John Purchase, the chief executive of
the Agricultural Business Chamber, and AgriSA president Johannes Moller, who
noted that the bailouts would reduce pressure on the Land Bank.

Purchase also welcomed the minister's announcement that the government would
look at merging and co-ordinating the work of the various development finance
institutions.

Purchase noted that the problem was compounded by the various institutions
targeting the same farmers in need. The co-ordination of their work would remove
unnecessary duplication.

Moller said the bailout could, in fact, rescue the land bank from going under.
But it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets to take over
the land and operational loans to the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Pettersson had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering re-establishing the agricultural credit agency that previously
existed.

This would mean that farmers could borrow money at a lower rate to pay back more
expensive loans, including from the Land Bank.

Ben Marais, the president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union, which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations on to the Rural Development and Land
Reform Department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land, and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. Marais was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Pettersson said it was of critical importance that the government would
not "just be throwing money into the problem and walking away".

The government would not allow the distortion of the normal flow of business
processes to rescue individuals who were not willing to put their shoulders
"behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, Joemat-Pettersson
noted that where farms were bought back from the Land Bank, ownership would
remain with the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

State offers loan relief to black farmers;
zz Move brings new hope to Land Bank

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 965 words


South Africa's agriculture, forestry and fisheries department is pledging to
take over operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under
distress" which amount to about 10 percent of the 283 farmers facing financial
troubles as identified by the land bank.

The double pronged move is also intended to salvage the land bank from certain
collapse.

These farmers as a whole owe R232 million to the land bank, which falls under
the treasury department. The department's spokesman Steve Galani confirmed that
the operational loans amounted to about R23 million to cover the costs of
operational loans of about 30 farmers.

The new agriculture minister Minister Tina Joemat-Petersson who reported at the
results presentation of the land bank that the new rural development and land
reform department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of that
which is owed. This was over R200 million.

The bailing out of the bank was welcomed by agriculture business chamber chief
executive John Purchase and AgriSA president Johannes Moller who noted that the
bailouts would reduce pressure on the land bank.

Purchase who also welcomed the announcement by the minister that government
would look at merging and coordinating the work of the various development
finance institutions.

Purchase noted at present that the various institutions were involved in
targeting the same farmers in need and many of them shopped around resulting in
duplication. The coordination of their work would remove unnecessary
duplication.

Moller said the bailout could in fact rescue the land bank from going under but
it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets from to take over
the land and operational loans of the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Peterssen had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering the reestablishment of the agricultural credit agency which
previous existed. This meant that farmers could loan money - at a lower rate -
to pay back more expensive loans, including from the land bank.

Ben Marais, president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations onto the rural development and land
reform department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. He was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Peterssen said it was of critical importance that government would not
"just be throwing money into the problem and walking away." Government would not
allow the distortion of normal flow of business processes to rescue individuals
who were not willing to put their shoulders "behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, she noted that w

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Department is pledging to take over
operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under distress".

About 30 of the 283 farmers facing financial troubles, as identified by the Land
Bank, are to benefit from the double-pronged move, which is also intended to
salvage the Land Bank from certain collapse.

These farmers owe a total of R232m to the Land Bank, which falls under the
National Treasury. The department's spokesman, Steve Galani, said the
operational loans amounted to about R23m to cover the costs of about 30 farmers.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said at the results presentation of
the Land Bank yesterday that the new Rural Development and Land Reform
Department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of what was owed.
This was more than R200m.

The bailout of the bank was welcomed by John Purchase, the chief executive of
the Agricultural Business Chamber, and AgriSA president Johannes Moller, who
noted that the bailouts would reduce pressure on the Land Bank.

Purchase also welcomed the minister's announcement that the government would
look at merging and co-ordinating the work of the various development finance
institutions.

Purchase noted that the problem was compounded by the various institutions
targeting the same farmers in need. The co-ordination of their work would remove
unnecessary duplication.

Moller said the bailout could, in fact, rescue the land bank from going under.
But it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets to take over
the land and operational loans to the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Pettersson had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering re-establishing the agricultural credit agency that previously
existed.

This would mean that farmers could borrow money at a lower rate to pay back more
expensive loans, including from the Land Bank.

Ben Marais, the president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union, which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations on to the Rural Development and Land
Reform Department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land, and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. Marais was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Pettersson said it was of critical importance that the government would
not "just be throwing money into the problem and walking away".

The government would not allow the distortion of the normal flow of business
processes to rescue individuals who were not willing to put their shoulders
"behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, Joemat-Pettersson
noted that where farms were bought back from the Land Bank, ownership would
remain with the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 2014 Vermont Law School
                               Vermont Law Review

                                  Winter, 2014

                               Vermont Law Review

                               39 Vt. L. Rev. 461

LENGTH: 10219 words

ISSUES IN VERMONT LAW: Landless: Legal & Policy Tools for Transferring Vermont
Farmland to the Next Generation of Stewards and Food Producers

NAME: Katie Hannon Michel *

BIO:



   * J.D./Master of Environmental Law & Policy Candidate 2015 and Research
Associate, Center for Agriculture & Food Systems, Vermont Law School. The author
would like to thank Laurie Ristino, Associate Professor of Law and Director,
Center for Agriculture and Food Systems at Vermont Law School for her helpful
feedback and support in writing this article. The author would also like to
thank Jon Ramsay, Director, Vt. Land Trust Farmland Access Program, Randy Robar,
Co-Owner, Kiss the Cow Farm, and Christopher Piana, Co-Owner, Fable Farm, for
answering questions and providing insights on farmland access in Vermont.

 TEXT:
 [*261]  INTRODUCTION

   In 2007, the United States Census of Agriculture reported that the average
age of the U.S. farmer was just over fifty-seven, and that the number of farmers
over the age of sixty-five had grown by 22% from 2002, making this age bracket
the "fastest growing group of farm operators" in the nation.  n1 The number of
farmers under forty-five decreased by 14% during this same time period.  n2
These statistics drew attention to the widening "generational gap" in farmers,
and initiated a national discussion about how to support the increasing number
of young people willing to enter a profession that is notorious for its long
hours, hard labor, high risk, and low financial rewards.  n3 Beginning farmers
face numerous obstacles that make the transition from field hand or farm
apprentice to owner-operator challenging.  n4 The most onerous obstacles include
access to land and access to capital.  n5

    [*462]  Congress authorized two new federal programs under the 2008 and 2014
Farm Bills to address farm succession and land access issues, and to provide
technical support to young farmers: the Transition Incentives Program,  n6 and
the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program.  n7 The Transition
Incentives Program offers farmers who own land that is enrolled in the federal
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) under expiring contracts two years of extra
CRP rental payments, provided the landowner sells or rents the property "to
beginning or socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers who will use
sustainable grazing practices, resource-conserving cropping systems, or
transition to organic production."  n8 The Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program funds "training, education, outreach, and technical
assistance initiatives for beginning farmers or ranchers."  n9 Federal programs
like these make important investments in growing our nation's next generation of
farmers. This Paper, however, focuses on opportunities for Vermont to act at the
state policy level.

   First, this Paper contextualizes the issue of beginning farmer land access by
discussing trends in farmland values and agricultural markets relevant to young
farmers nationally. Second, this Paper examines current trends in Vermont land
use and agricultural land tenure and highlights legal and policy issues that are
specific to beginning farmers in Vermont. Third, this Paper identifies and
evaluates existing Vermont laws and policies that  [*463]  impact beginning
farmer land access. Finally, this Paper explores new policy strategies and legal
tools to help transition Vermont farmland to the next generation of stewards and
food producers, with a particular emphasis on the following four components:
increased access, secure tenure, affordability, and stewardship.  n10

   I. NATIONAL TRENDS IMPACTING BEGINNING FARMERS

   National farmland values have risen steadily over the past two decades, with
the exception of a slight decline in 2009.  n11 Thus, land access is a daunting
hurdle for beginning farmers.  n12 According to the USDA, "[c]ollectively the
Northeast region of the United States has the highest average farmland value,"
with average values per acre of $ 2,500 to $ 4,999 in Vermont and New Hampshire,
and $ 10,000 to $ 14,999 in Massachusetts and Connecticut.  n13 The USDA Farm
Service Agency (FSA), which provides loans for land and operating expenses to
farmers who struggle to qualify for commercial credit,  n14 responded to this
issue by increasing annual lending to beginning farmers from $ 716 million in
2000 to $ 1.1 billion in 2006.  n15 However, despite this increased dedication
of funds, "FSA's overall role in direct farm lending has dwindled to such an
extent that today's beginning farmers have decidedly less opportunity and public
support than previous generations."  n16 Furthermore, as the farming population
ages, land  [*464]  ownership has become concentrated in the hands of farmers
who are retired or near retirement,  n17 many of whom do not have heirs who want
to continue the family business.  n18 Therefore, to an increasing degree, those
individuals entering agriculture are first generation farmers who are unlikely
to inherit land.  n19 This trend invites questions about how to incentivize farm
succession planning that benefits both "landless" beginning farmers, as well as
retiring farmers who are "likely to have their retirement savings tied up in on-
farm assets such as farmland."  n20 As Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack
summarized, our national challenge is "to find new ways, through tax policy,
through regulations, through our credit programs or other programs, to help
transition farms to the next generation."  n21

   Meanwhile, U.S. consumers have expressed a growing interest in both organic
and local foods.  n22 In fact, organics are the fastest growing sector in the
food industry today, with most growth occurring in sales of organic  [*465]
fruits and vegetables, followed by organic dairy products.  n23 The USDA reports
that "[o]rganic production is poised to grow over the next five years, with more
than 78 percent of certified and exempt producers indicating that they plan to
maintain or increase organic production levels."  n24 Further, the USDA reports
that in 2007 many organic producers (44%) sold their products locally, within
100 miles of the farm.  n25 In addition, the number of farmers' markets,
community supported agriculture (CSA) operations, and farm-to-school programs
has exploded over the past two decades, further evidencing consumer demand for
local foods.  n26 For example, there were only two CSA operations in the United
States in 1986, whereas today there are almost 4,000.  n27

   Local and organic agriculture has environmental, economic, and cultural
benefits.  n28 The most significant economic benefits of local foods include
that farmers have an opportunity to retain a larger portion of every dollar sold
through direct-to-consumer sales,  n29 and that money spent on local foods stays
within the community. These benefits support industries and create new jobs
through a process known as the multiplier effect.  n30 In addition, eliminating
fossil fuel-based inputs, a core tenet of sustainable agriculture, will reduce
energy consumption in the agricultural sector.  n31 Further, various soil
conservation practices actually increase rates of soilcarbon sequestration and
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, thereby helping  [*466]  to mitigate climate
change impacts.  n32 Sustainable soil management techniques also make farms more
resilient in the face of drought and extreme weather, demonstrating that they
are a key strategy for climate change adaptation.  n33

   A growing number of fledgling agriculturalists are expressing an interest in
meeting the demand for local and organic foods, and many of them are motivated
by strong conservation values.  n34 Taken together, the trends outlined above
suggest there is an opportunity to address the generational farm gap by better
linking young farmers with land opportunities so they can serve emerging
agricultural markets. All of the pieces are there. However, a set of policies
and legal tools is needed to link land, farmer, and market in a manner that also
fosters and rewards environmental stewardship. Land is the basic building block
of sustainable, regional food systems. Without land, and without policies that
help to put a new generation of farmers on the land, we will not have local
food. Moreover, our ability to protect the climate and natural resources upon
which farms depend will ultimately determine the future of agriculture, making
land stewardship a key priority for farm policy.

 [*467]  II. TRENDS IN LAND USE AND AGRICULTURAL LAND TENURE IN VERMONT

A. Land Use and Farmland Preservation

   According to 2013 data from the USDA National Agriculture Statistics Service,
Vermont is home to 7,300 farms and 1,250,000 acres used primarily for crops,
pasture, or grazing.  n35 Approximately 21% of the total land area in the State
is characterized as "farmland."  n36 By many measures, Vermont leads the nation
in farmland preservation efforts. From Act 250's protections for "primary
agricultural soils,"  n37 to the Vermont Land Trust's (VLT) three decades of
conservation work in partnership with the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board
(VHCB),  n38 Vermont has rigorously pursued strategies through both public and
private mechanisms to protect lands with high ecological and agricultural
values. Vermont's efforts to preserve farmland are readily apparent. Driving
through the state on country roads, or climbing to ridgelines to view the
pastoral patchwork in the river valleys below, one cannot help but be struck by
the absence of sprawling development typical to so many parts of the American
landscape. Indeed, Vermont is the most "rural" state in the nation--nearly 66%
of Vermonters live in non-urban areas.  n39

    [*468]  Vermont's mountainous geography, short growing season, and humid
climate make the state well suited to animal agriculture.  n40 Perhaps not
surprisingly, the value of sales of milk and other dairy products far exceeds
that of other commodity groups, constituting 72% of total farm receipts in the
state.  n41 Cattle and calves are the next largest agricultural commodity at
roughly 10% of total farm receipts.  n42 Accordingly, the vast majority of
farmland in the state is used for pasture, forage, and hay crops as opposed to
fruit and vegetable production.  n43 These land use patterns may shift slightly
as demand grows for a broader diversity of local agricultural products.  n44 For
example, while the number of dairy farms fell between 1992 and 2007,  n45 the
number of fruit and vegetable farms showed a slight increase.  n46

   Overall, Vermont farms are small as measured by both sales and acreage.
According to the 2007 Census of Agriculture, the average size of farm operations
in Vermont is 177 acres, and over 70% of the state's farms operate on fewer than
180 acres.  n47 The farms included in these statistics may be comprised of
multiple parcels and may host a variety of agricultural uses, making it
difficult to analyze exactly what types and sizes of properties may be available
to beginning farmers as current farmers retire.  n48 In addition, the USDA
defines "farm" broadly as "any enterprise that sells  [*469]  at least $ 1,000
of agricultural output per year," which means that many non-commercial "farms"
are included in USDA statistics.  n49 In 2002, 41% of Vermont's farms had sales
of less than $ 2,500, up from 25% in 1997.  n50 Moreover, only 53% of farmers
reported farming as their primary occupation in 2002, down from 73% in 1974.
n51 These data suggest that Vermont is home to a growing number of hobby,
lifestyle, and retirement farms, or farms that provide a supplemental source of
income.  n52 Indeed, one study explains the significant percentage of Vermont
farms with minimal sales as follows:


     Vermont is a high cost state . . . and many people try to find ways to
     supplement their income, agricultural endeavors being one such way.
     Others may simply desire to remain close to the land, to retain their
     connections with the state's agricultural heritage, while others may
     be motivated by the beneficial tax consequences of operating a home
     based business or being able to enroll land in the Current Use Program
     . . . .  n53

   Overall, Vermont's pastoral landscape and strong agricultural brand obscure
the fact that the state continues to lose active farms.  n54 The amount of land
dedicated to rural uses declined steadily from 1982 to 2002, largely due to an
ever-dwindling number of dairy farms.  n55 "For the period 1982-1997,
agricultural land use decreased by 16% or 174,000 acres. Of this decrease, 81%
reverted to forestland, while less than 15% moved into the developed land
category."  n56 Although 15% is a relatively small percentage, "[t]he rate and
extension of land development has exceeded [that] of population growth resulting
in pressure that spills over from urbanized areas into rural areas."  n57 This
development gives rise to a land use pattern that some might refer to as "rural
sprawl."  n58

    [*470]  Notably, while the total amount of land in agriculture fell again by
approximately 100,000 acres between 1997 and 2007, the average value of that
farmland nearly doubled from $ 1,618 to $ 2,903 per acre during the same time
period.  n59 This rise in value may be partially due to increasing residential
and commercial development pressures and "construction of second homes
(especially related to the ski industry)."  n60 In addition, the Vermont Land
Trust reports that only 10% of the state's "highest-rated agricultural soils"
have been preserved under conservation easements in perpetuity, leaving a large
portion of the state's prime farmland open for development.  n61 As many
researchers note, prime farmland is particularly attractive to developers
because it is generally flat, well draining, and open--all qualities that reduce
construction costs.  n62

B. Farmland Owner Characteristics

   The U.S. Census collects data on the tenure of principal farm "operators,"
classifying them as either "full owners," "part owners," or "tenants."  n63 An
"operator" is defined as "a person who operates a farm, either doing the work or
making day-to-day decisions about such things as planting, harvesting, feeding,
and marketing" and he or she "may be the owner, a member of the owner's
household, a hired manager, a tenant, a renter, or a sharecropper."  n64 The
2007 Census reports that approximately 64% of "principal operators" in Vermont
are "full owners," meaning that they farm only their own land, controlling
approximately 44% of all farmland in the state.  n65 Thirty percent of
"principal operators" characterize themselves as "part owners," meaning that
they rent farmland in addition to acreage they own, and 5% describe themselves
as "tenants" who rent all of their farmland.  n66 While the Census does not
collect data on the terms of leaseholds, Annette Higby, an expert in Northeast
farmland tenure, writes that "[n]ationally, and perhaps in Vermont, an annual
and oral cash lease  [*471]  that can be terminated at the will of the landowner
is the norm."  n67 The owners of Jericho Settlers Farm, in Jericho Center,
Vermont, and Fable Farm in Barnard, Vermont, confirmed this generalization,
reporting that they accessed some of their first pieces of property simply by
knocking on landowners' doors and negotiating a basic handshake agreement.  n68
The owner of Jericho Settlers Farm also indicated that this approach to land
access is typical and even advised that young land seekers pursue such a
strategy.  n69

   Overwhelmingly, farmland owners in Vermont are older (average age 56.5
years), white (99% of all full owners), and male (75% of all full owners).  n70
In addition, a large proportion (47%) of all owned acreage is classified as
either a "retirement farm" or a "residential/lifestyle farm," as opposed to an
occupational or production-oriented farm.  n71 "Retirement farms" are those
farms with annual sales less than $ 250,000 where the principal operator reports
being retired, and "residential farms" are those farms that "have a market value
of agricultural products sold of less than $ 250,000, and a principal operator
who reports his/her primary occupation as other than farming."  n72 These
definitions are a bit misleading; the vast majority of retirement and lifestyle
farms in Vermont gross less than $ 50,000 per year, and over a third gross less
than $ 1,000 per year.  n73 Finally, "non-operators," or landlords who do not
farm their own property, own an increasing percentage of Vermont farmland.  n74
Higby explains, "[i]n 1999, USDA estimated that 30 percent of Vermont's
croplands, pastures, and forested woodlands was owned by what they call
'nonoperators' . . . . In 1988, the figure was just 8 percent."  n75

    [*472]  C. Policy Issues and Data Needs

   1. Tenure Type

   To revitalize and sustain local food systems in Vermont, an aging population
of "retirement" and "lifestyle" farmers will need to transfer their landholdings
to young farmers.  n76 The prevalence of retirement and lifestyle farms in
Vermont may be problematic for young people seeking to purchase property.  n77 A
recent report from the USDA Economic Research Service notes that a "substantial
number of farm operators" in the United States "do not engage in farming as
their primary occupation," and that this may lead to an increase in farmland
values in rural areas because "[l]ow levels of farming activity can leave time
for working off-farm jobs" where incomes may be higher.  n78 Due to factors like
this, there is a "weakening link between farm income and farmland values,"
meaning that income generated from farming does not necessarily cover the costs
of owning or renting land.  n79 Therefore, young people in Vermont who truly
want to earn their living off the land may be at a disadvantage in the real
estate market because of competition from residential and retirement "farmers"
who simply value "the lifestyle and recreational benefits farmland provides."
n80

   The rapidly increasing value of farmland will make ownership transfers from
retiring farmers and other landowners particularly challenging without a larger
public investment.  n81 On average, the Vermont FSA office makes only "one to
two direct farm ownership loans to beginning farmers" annually.  n82 In
addition, land use trends indicate that new farmers will have to compete not
just with retirement and lifestyle farmers, but also with vacation home seekers
and developers, for a diminishing amount of prime farmland.  n83 Further, the
majority of prime farmland in the state is not protected under easement, which
is one means  [*473]  of lowering property costs.  n84 These trends, combined
with increasing rates of "absentee" or non-farmer land ownership, suggest that
"leasing or some other form of non-ownership tenure" will be the next
generation's most likely route to accessing land.  n85

   The type of tenure that farmers secure on a property has both environmental
and economic implications.  n86 "Recent studies confirm what we all know
intuitively--oral and year-to-year leases offer little incentive to use
resource-conserving farming practices, while long-term leases that offer
relatively secure tenure stimulate good management."  n87 In addition, "Vermont
farm land or farm buildings left idle for long periods often require a
significant investment of labor and money to bring back into productive and
profitable use. These are the properties most commonly available to beginning
farmers."  n88 Thus, the trend towards leasing begs caution. Farmers and
landowners must carefully draft lease agreements to specify who owns or is
financially responsible for making the capital improvements necessary to operate
a productive and viable farm business on the rented property--including
renovating barns, installing wells and irrigation systems, building fences,
planting riparian buffers, and improving soil fertility.  n89 Otherwise,
beginning farmers will be put in the risky position of accessing marginal land
where they may either forgo investing in needed infrastructure, and thus suffer
financial losses because of reduced production capacity, or be forced to invest
in improvements whose value they may not be able to fully recoup due to
short-term or insecure tenure.  n90

    [*474]  Furthermore, while leasing may be a good short-term solution,
enabling beginning farmers to get their operations off of the ground,  n91 it
can never offer the long-term benefits of land ownership.  n92 In the long run,
the next generation of farmers will benefit most by securing some type of
ownership tenure on at least a portion of the land that they work.  n93 As the
National Young Farmers' Coalition states, "[o]wning land provides personal
satisfaction, confidence and practical efficiency that only comes with being in
full control of the means of production of the farm."  n94 Additional benefits
of ownership include the ability to build equity for retirement, the ability to
use land as loan collateral for equipment purchases,  n95 the opportunity to
take full advantage of soil fertility and other improvements that take many
years to realize, and the ability to pass land on to heirs or to future farmers.
n96 Where traditional land ownership is out-of-reach, there may be opportunities
for lawyers to assist farmers with accessing land via creative ownership models,
such as the cooperative land ownership models described below.

   2. Parcel Size

   Unfortunately, minimal data exists on the characteristics of farmland parcels
in Vermont, such as their size, where they are located, what types of  [*475]
soils and other qualities they possess, who owns them, and how they are
currently being used.  n97 These factors are relevant to matching beginning
farmers with properties that are appropriate for their desired operations.  n98
Often, parcel size can serve as a barrier to land access.  n99 The Vermont Farm
to Plate Strategic Plan notes that "[f]armland parcels for sale are often too
large for the needs of an individual Vermont farmer who is seeking 3-10 acres,
for example, for smaller-scale vegetable production."  n100 While there are
certainly many small farms in the state, as measured by both sales and acreage,
additional, parcel-specific information would be useful in evaluating what land
might be available and appropriate for transfer to the next generation.  n101

   III. STATEWIDE LEGISLATION AND PROGRAMS IMPACTING BEGINNING FARMER LAND
ACCESS

A. Vermont's Land Use Value Appraisal Program (Current Use)

   Like many states, Vermont has a "Current Use" program, which "taxes property
based on its current use as agricultural or forest land, rather than its
market-based development potential."  n102 Originally enacted in 1978, the
purpose of Current Use is to limit the conversion of productive agricultural and
forest land to "more intensive use" and to plan for the state's "orderly growth
in the face of increasing development pressures."  n103 As land values increase,
property taxes can grow to the point that farming the land is financially
unsustainable.  n104 Thus, the Current Use program offers incentives to "achieve
more equitable taxation" for farmers who choose to keep their land in "active"
production.  n105 As a further incentive to keep land  [*476]  in agriculture,
enrolled properties are subject to a "land use change tax" if they are ever
developed or subdivided.  n106

   To be eligible for the program, "agricultural land" must be twenty-five acres
or more, and must be owned or used by a farmer under a written lease of at least
three years.  n107 The statute defines a "farmer" as a person who earns at least
50% of his or her gross annual income "from the business of farming."  n108
Parcels less than twenty-five acres can also qualify if they have produced an
annual gross income of at least $ 2,000 in farm crops in "one of two, or three
of the five" preceding years.  n109 Lastly, the program taxes "farm buildings"
that are "actively used by a farmer" at "zero percent of fair market value."
n110 Therefore, "[a] landowner can construct a new farm building or make major
renovations to an existing structure without suffering a big jump in the real
estate tax bill."  n111 According to the Vermont Department of Taxes, currently
over 500,000 acres of farmland are enrolled in Current Use, and many farmers
claim that the program is essential to their financial viability.  n112

   The Current Use program has pros and cons for beginning farmer land access.
On the one hand, the program provides an incentive for absentee landowners to
lease to beginning farmers in order to qualify for a property tax break.  n113
Maintaining a farm presence may be "so advantageous that some landowners don't
charge any rent."  n114 In addition, program eligibility is contingent upon a
three-year, written lease, providing for a certain amount of security as
compared to typical year-to-year oral or "handshake" lease agreements.  n115

   As discussed above, one of the most challenging aspects of farm lease
agreements is negotiating who is responsible for and who owns improvements to
the property.  n116 In a recent presentation, the owner of  [*477]  Jericho
Settlers Farm indicated that a landowner's willingness to reimburse farmers for
capital improvements, ranging from fencing to increased soil fertility, is
highly variable and depends largely on the nature of the landlord-tenant
relationship.  n117 The Current Use program indirectly addresses this issue by
encouraging landlords to properly maintain farm structures such as barns,
chicken houses, and other outbuildings in order to keep them in "active
agricultural use," thereby qualifying for a "use appraisal" at 0% of fair market
value and reducing potential capital costs for farmer lessees.  n118 Moreover, a
landlord may be more willing to invest in new permanent farm structures since
these improvements will likely increase the overall value of the property but
will not add to property taxes.  n119

   On the other hand, certain landowners may abuse the Current Use program's
lenient requirements for parcels less than twenty-five acres.  n120 By engaging
in even a minimal amount of sugaring or logging, or by planting a small,
low-maintenance crop like fruit trees or cane berries, a landowner can generate
the $ 2,000 in annual income necessary to qualify for a tax break.  n121
Elsewhere, Current Use programs have been criticized for lack of more stringent
requirements.  n122 One scholar writes, "landowners who have no intention to
develop their property, or fail to produce significant products, should not be
subsidized to maintain a lifestyle."  n123 Thus, the Current Use program may
contribute to the prevalence of retirement and lifestyle farmers in the state,
with whom young farmers must compete for land.  n124 Academic or government
institutions in Vermont should undertake additional studies to evaluate (a) the
degree to which  [*478]  lifestyle farms contribute to high land values in
Vermont; (b) the degree to which the Current Use income test for parcels less
than twenty-five acres contributes to the pervasiveness of lifestyle and hobby
farms; and (c) whether this lenient subsidy for small-scale food production on
parcels of less than twenty-five acres is sound economic policy. On this last
point, the study should take into account such factors as (a) how much small,
homebased businesses contribute to rural economic revitalization; (b) the impact
that any land value consequences of the program have on beginning farmers; and
(c) the amount of lost tax revenue directly related to the Current Use
small-parcel exception.

   In sum, while the Current Use program has valuable benefits, it should be
strengthened to discourage enrollment by hobbyists who make minimal
contributions to the agricultural economy, possibly by increasing the minimum
income required for enrollment above $ 2,000.  n125 At the same time, the
legislation should be amended carefully so that beginning farmers operating on
fewer than twenty-five acres, but producing significant revenue, can still take
advantage of the program. Given the highly political nature of Current Use,
however, it is unlikely that such an amendment will happen quickly.  n126

B. Act 142--Working Lands Enterprise Initiative

   Passed in 2012, one of the stated purposes of Act 142 (the Act) is to
"attract a new generation of entrepreneurs to Vermont's farm, food system,
forest, and value-added chain by facilitating more affordable access to the
working landscape."  n127 In addition, in its findings section, the Act
recognizes that "[f]arm and forestland ownership is often out of reach for young
people who do not have some sort of assistance."  n128 To support the state's
land-based economy, the Act created the Working Lands Enterprise Fund and the
Working Lands Enterprise Board to manage a $ 1 million  [*479]  public
investment in agricultural and forestry businesses.  n129 The legislature sought
to leverage these funds to "attract additional private and philanthropic
investment."  n130

   In 2013 and 2014 combined, the Working Lands Enterprise Board (the Board)
awarded over $ 2 million in grants in three investment areas: Enterprise
Investments, Working Lands Service Provider Grants, and Capital and
Infrastructure Investments.  n131 Land acquisition is covered under both
Enterprise Investments and Capital and Infrastructure Investments.  n132
Although the Board awarded a total of over $ 1,300,000 in grants in the
Enterprise and Capital and Infrastructure investment areas in 2013 and 2014,
leveraging over $ 1,350,000 in matching funds, only one of the fifty-seven grant
recipients used the funding for land acquisition.  n133 The majority of grants
funded infrastructure purchases and capital improvements at a variety of farm
and forestry businesses throughout the state.  n134

   In sum, while the Working Lands Enterprise Initiative has great potential to
help beginning farmers with land access, thus far the grants have not been used
for that purpose.  n135 This may be because beginning farmers seeking land are
unaware of the initiative, or because the Board has decided to focus resources
on projects other than land acquisition. Nevertheless, Act 142 lays the
groundwork for potential future public investment in beginning farmer land
access and demonstrates the state's commitment to supporting local and regional
food systems overall. As the legislation notes, "[t]he average age of Vermont's
farmers and loggers is  [*480]  over 55 years . . . . Attention needs to be
brought to efforts that will ensure intergenerational succession and lower [this
average]."  n136 More should be done at both state and federal levels to
leverage public support in this way for farmland acquisition by beginning
farmers.

C. Conservation Easements, Right of First Refusal, and the Affordability Option

   The VLT has prioritized farmland conservation since its inception over three
decades ago.  n137 In addition to protecting farmland from development, VLT is
committed to keeping farmland affordable for current and future generations.
n138 The land trust uses three legal tools to achieve these aims: conservation
easements, right of first refusal, and the "Affordability Option," otherwise
known as the "Option to Purchase at Agricultural Value."  n139 The State of
Vermont actively supports this work by allocating funds to the VHCB, a
grant-making body, to be used for farmland conservation among other program
areas.  n140 In addition, VHCB secures additional federal funds available for
"farmland protection and forestland conservation,"  n141 such as funding
available through the USDA Natural Resource Conservation Service Farm and Ranch
Lands Protection Program.  n142

   A conservation easement is a voluntary agreement between a private landowner
and a nonprofit or government entity (typically a land trust) through which the
landowner agrees to a restricted use of his or her property.  n143 In general,
the restrictions involve the forfeit of development  [*481]  rights on all or a
portion of the property, and they run with the land in perpetuity.  n144
Development rights may be either purchased by the land trust, or donated by the
landowner.  n145 The entity that holds the easement is obligated to enforce its
terms.  n146 In addition to earning income through the sale of development
rights, the landowner benefits from reduced property taxes because of the
reduced fair market value (FMV) of the property.  n147 Further, reduced FMV
means that the property is more affordable for potential buyers. Landowners may
also use the capital they acquire by selling their development rights to
facilitate intergenerational property transfers or to fund their retirements.
n148

Although conservation easements are one way to keep land affordable, they do not
guarantee that land is kept in agriculture.  n149 If a farmer conserves his
property and then chooses to sell, he has no obligation to sell  [*482]  to
another farmer.  n150 Often, this contributes to the prevalence of the types of
country estates and lifestyle farms discussed throughout this paper.  n151 VLT
has addressed this issue by utilizing two creative easement provisions: the
right of first refusal and the "Affordability Option."  n152 Right of first
refusal provisions grant VLT the first option to purchase a conserved property
if it comes up for sale.  n153 The Affordability Option is the option to buy a
conserved property at its agricultural value, rather than at FMV.  n154 VLT
rarely exercises these rights; however, the protections are important.  n155
They enable VLT to purchase a property that might otherwise be converted away
from agriculture, and then resell it to a qualified farmer at an affordable
price.  n156

   In addition, through its Farmland Access Program, VLT seeks out and purchases
available farm properties, conserving them under easement and then reselling
them to beginning farmers who meet certain qualifications to demonstrate that
their proposed operations are likely to be viable.  n157 VLT's vetting process
helps to ensure that properties will actually be farmed productively.  n158 If a
farmer cannot initially afford the purchase price, VLT is often willing to
negotiate a lease-to-own agreement.  n159

   Because conservation agreements are voluntary, they do not always occur on
the "best" agricultural lands, or in the most convenient locations, close to
village centers and marketing opportunities.  n160 In addition, many farmland
owners may be reluctant to enter into such restrictive agreements,  [*483]  and
may want to keep their land values high to fund retirement or to pass the
property on to heirs, whether or not those heirs wish to continue the farm
business. Furthermore, conservation easements are very expensive, requiring
state and federal funds, as well as philanthropic investment.  n161 Despite
these drawbacks, conservation easements benefit beginning farmers by reducing
property values and keeping land somewhat affordable.  n162 Moreover, VLT's
progressive work in addressing beginning farmer land access by using tools like
right of first refusal and the Affordability Option, and by operating the
Farmland Access Program, serves as a model for land trusts in other states.
n163

   IV. POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS AND LEGAL NEEDS

A. Create a "Beginning Farmer Advisor" Position Within the Vermont Agency of
Agriculture, Food, and Markets

   The State of Vermont can improve access to land by providing easy access to
resources. Private, state, and federal programs provide a wealth of resources to
young farmers--from VLT's Farmland Access Program, to the Vermont Working Lands
Enterprise Initiative, to beginning farmer loan opportunities through the FSA,
to cost-sharing opportunities available through the USDA's Environmental Quality
Incentives Program.  n164 However, Vermont does not have a "one stop shop" where
beginning farmers can reliably locate these resources, navigate eligibility
requirements, or receive assistance with application processes. The National
Young Farmers' Coalition writes, "[a]ll too often, young and beginning farmers
report that some FSA agents do not know about or promote young and beginning
farmer loans, and loan rules are often applied too stringently, preventing young
and beginning farmers from receiving credit."  n165 They recommend that the USDA
make the FSA more accessible to beginning farmers by better training state
agents and expanding online resources.  n166 As an alternative (or additional)
solution, Vermont might consider creating  [*484]  a "Beginning Farmer Advisor"
position within the Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food, and Markets. A
Beginning Farmer Advisor would be responsible for providing in-person counseling
to help connect farmers with a wide range of resources that are specific to
their individual needs. In addition, the Advisor could help farmers navigate the
complex applications required for participation in state and federal programs,
and could act as an advocate for farmers who are confronted with resistance from
FSA agents and other program officials.

B. Improving Lease Agreements: Landlord-Tenant Statutes, Tax Incentives, and
Legal Assistance

   As noted above, leasing will likely be beginning farmers' most likely option
for accessing land.  n167 Thus, one way to address land access issues is to
provide incentives for non-farming landlords to lease to beginning farmers.
n168 However, because leasing can often be risky for beginning farmers,  n169
the state should take steps to improve agricultural lease agreements.  n170
First, Vermont should consider enacting a landlord-tenant statute governing farm
leases.  n171 Landlord-tenant statutes are typical in Midwestern states, and may
dictate renewal terms or "grant the landowner a lien on the tenant's crop to
secure the payment of rent."  n172 Annette Higby writes, "[t]hese statutes serve
to keep disputes out of court by filling in the gaps when the parties have only
an oral or 'handshake' agreement."  n173 Furthermore, the landlord-tenant
statutes in Iowa and Nebraska "offer tax credits to landowners who rent their
farmland, equipment, livestock, and/or facilities to beginning farmers."  n174
Vermont should consider adopting similar legislation to govern and incentivize
farmland leasing.

   In addition to legislative solutions, lawyers with expertise in farm lease
agreements may be able to offer private sector solutions. Lawyers can provide
assistance with drafting mutually beneficial agreements that contain  [*485]
progressive provisions regarding capital and conservation improvements made by
lessees, among other considerations.  n175 Although parties will likely need to
tailor each agreement to serve their individual circumstances and priorities,
lawyers may be able to craft and use farm lease templates or lease guidelines to
keep services affordable to young farmers. The University of Vermont New Farmer
Project has begun this work by identifying key questions to ask when crafting a
lease agreement, which are available at their online Land Access Information
Toolshed.  n176

C. Transactional Lawyers and Innovative Ownership Models

   In addition to providing assistance with lease agreements, transactional
lawyers can assist farmers to develop innovative business and land ownership
models involving shared equity. Two potential models are described below.

   1. Case Study: A Land Based Cooperative in Barnard, Vermont

   Recently, VLT conserved and purchased a historic dairy farm in Barnard,
Vermont, comprising over 200 acres of both forestland and pasture.  n177
Subsequently, the land trust negotiated a two-year lease-to-own agreement with a
group of four farms: Kiss the Cow Farm, which produces raw milk; Fable Farm,
which produces vegetable row crops; Eastman Farm, which produces grass-fed beef;
and Heartwood Farm, which produces agroforestry products such as maple syrup.
n178 Over the next two years these farms hope to establish their operations on
the new property, and to build up the capital necessary to finance the land
purchase.  n179

   In the meantime, they are also working together to develop a cooperative
entity that will eventually purchase and own the entire parcel.  n180 The terms
of this ownership agreement are still being negotiated; however, it is likely
that each of the individual farms will eventually hold a  [*486]  ninety-nine
year "ground lease" on the property that will provide for secure tenure and
shared equity in improvements.  n181 In addition to reducing the total price of
the land purchase by dividing it between four entities, this arrangement will
also reduce start-up capital costs because the farms will be able to share
equipment and infrastructure.  n182 The farms have also discussed the
possibility of sharing the labor required for distribution and marketing, such
as by co-marketing their products at a single farmers' market stand, or by
running cooperative distribution routes.  n183 Furthermore, the farms and the
land will benefit ecologically from each of the member-owners' diverse
production emphases. For example, the animals at Kiss the Cow and Eastman Farms
produce manure that will benefit Fable Farm's vegetable operation and reduce
fertility input costs.  n184

   Lastly, the farms are working together on a long-term land management plan to
enhance the property's conservation values, and because they will have secure
tenure, they will be able to fully reap the benefits that such planning will
offer.  n185

2. Case Study: Swanton Berry Farm and Employee Stock Ownership Plans

   As an alternative to land ownership, beginning farmers may benefit from the
opportunity to build equity in an established farm business. Swanton Berry Farm
on the Central Coast of California has spearheaded this approach by offering "
ownership opportunities in the form of stock bonuses to career-oriented
employees."  n186 Swanton Berry Farm has long been a leader in sustainable
agriculture. They were the first certified organic strawberry farm in California
n187 and the "first organic farm in the US to sign a contract with the United
Farmworkers of America AFL-CIO and to  [*487]  carry the Union label."  n188
Now, they are leading the way in making a long-term farming career a more viable
option for beginning farmers and field workers.  n189

   Swanton Berry Farm's desire to reduce barriers to entry into farming directly
inspired their Employee Stock Bonus Plan.  n190 They explain: "We are trying to
create a new model of farming that allows aspiring farmers to enter the
profession even though they don't have any capital."  n191 Although the plan
participants will not build equity in the farm land, they will build equity in
the farm enterprise, and will have the option to sell their stock shares back to
the farm based on a pre-agreed upon formula if they choose to leave the
business.  n192 Because farm wages for field workers are typically low, many
young farmers see the equity advantages of starting their own farm or purchasing
property as the only way to make a living in farming. The opportunity to build
equity through stock bonuses, however, may significantly offset the need to
purchase property.  n193 Therefore, stock bonuses directly address land access
issues.

   CONCLUSION

   Land access challenges are one of the most significant barriers to entry into
farming.  n194 This is especially true in states like Vermont, where land values
are high.  n195 Development pressures leading to increased land values are
somewhat different in Vermont than in more populous states. Vermont has few
truly "urban" areas.  n196 Farming has to be protected not from "suburban
sprawl" but rather from "rural sprawl," characterized by residential and
lifestyle farms, in addition to country estates and vacation homes.  n197
Studies should be undertaken to evaluate the impact such land  [*488]  use
patterns have on the farming community--particularly on beginning farmers.

   There are a number of statewide programs that address land access issues,
both directly and indirectly, including Current Use; the Vermont Working Lands
Enterprise Initiative; and VLT's Farmland Access Program and progressive use of
the right of first refusal and the Affordability Option. Utilization of these
and other programs might be improved through the creation of a Beginning Farmer
Advisor position within the Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food, and Markets. In
addition, Vermont might consider legislative solutions to farmland access
issues, such as review and amendment of the Current Use program, and enactment
of a landlord-tenant statute that provides tax incentives for leasing to
beginning farmers.  n198 Finally, lawyers can help to address land access issues
by helping beginning farmers to draft creative lease agreements, and by drafting
the bylaws and agreements necessary for cooperative land ownership and business
models.

   However, land access is only one piece of a larger sustainable food system
puzzle. Beyond land, the continued development of local markets for agricultural
products is vital to ensuring that operations on newly accessed properties
remain financially viable.  n199 Needed changes are not limited to agricultural
policy but include social polices as well. Affordable healthcare, student loan
forgiveness, and improved, government-sponsored retirement options for farmers
would simplify land access by alleviating financial burdens faced by beginning
and retiring farmers.  n200 Thus, this Paper ultimately recommends that
supporters of sustainable food systems move beyond narrow, issue-specific
advocacy and begin articulating a broader political and economic vision within
which regional food systems might truly thrive.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Commercial Law (UCC)Secured Transactions (Article 9)PriorityAccessions &
FixturesFixtures & CropsContracts LawTypes of ContractsLease AgreementsOral
AgreementsEstate, Gift & Trust LawEstates Created by Trusts & WillsGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., USDA, 2007 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE--FARMERS BY AGE 1
(2009) [hereinafter NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., FARMERS BY AGE], available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Online_Highlights/Fact_Sheets/Dem
ographics/farmer_age.pdf; NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., USDA, 2007 CENSUS OF
AGRICULTURE--UNITED STATES SUMMARY AND STATE DATA 7 tbl.1 (2009), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Full_Report/usv1.pdf; see also
Tyler Slack, Bridging the Gap: Farm Transition Challenges Facing Elder Farmers
and the Need for a Nationwide Farm-On Program, 20 ELDER L.J. 485, 486 (2012)
(showing statistical increase in average age of farmers).





n2  NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., FARMERS BY AGE, supra note 1.





n3  See Slack, supra note 1, at 487 (quoting USDA, A TIME TO ACT: A REPORT OF
THE USDA NATIONAL COMMISSION ON SMALL FARMS 89 (1998), available at
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/nea/ag_systems/pdfs/time_to_act_1998.pdf) (noting the
widening generational gap in farmers); See Benjamin Shute, We Need A New
Generation of Farmers, Room for Debate, N.Y. TIMES (Aug. 19, 2011, 3:50 PM),
http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2011/08/17/could-farms
-survive-without-illegal-labor/we-need-a-new-generation-of-american-farmers
(explaining the need for new federal policies to support aspiring farmers).





n4  See generally LINDSEY LUSHER SHUTE ET AL., NAT'L YOUNG FARMERS COAL.,
BUILDING A FUTURE WITH FARMERS: CHALLENGES FACED BY YOUNG, AMERICAN FARMERS & A
NATIONAL STRATEGY TO HELP THEM SUCCEED (2011), available at
http://www.youngfarmers.org/reports/Building_A_Future_With_Farmers.pdf (arguing
for policy and legislative change at the local and federal levels to help combat
the obstacles facing new farmers).





n5  Id. at 20.





n6  7 C.F.R. § 1410.64 (2014); see also Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) -
Transition Incentives Program (TIP), FACT SHEET (U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm
Serv. Agency, Washington, D.C.), May 2010, at 1, available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/tipfactsheet.pdf (outlining the
eligibility requirements and benefits of the Transition Incentives Program); CRP
Transition Incentives Program, NAT'L SUSTAINABLE AGRIC. COAL.,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassrootsguide/farming-opportuni
ties/crp-transition-option/ (last visited Dec. 5, 2014) (describing the positive
impacts of the Transition Incentives Program for beginning farmers); What's In
the 2014 Farm Bill for Farm Service Agency Customers, FACT SHEET (U.S. Dep't of
Agric., Farm Serv. Agency, Washington, D.C.), Mar. 2014, at 4, available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/2014_farm_bill_customers.pdf
(describing programs reauthorized under the 2014 Farm Bill, including the
Transition Incentives Program).





n7  7 U.S.C. § 3319(f) (2012); Program Synopsis: Beginning Farmers and Rancher,
NAT'L INST. OF FOOD & AGRIC., USDA, (Mar. 6, 2014),
http://www.nifa.usda.gov/funding/bfrdp/bfrdp_synopsis.html; Grants, NAT'L INST.
OF FOOD AND AGRIC., USDA (Apr. 23, 2014),
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/fo/beginningfarmersandranchers.cfm (describing the
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Development Program).





n8  CRP Transition Incentives Program, supra note 6.





n9  Program Synopsis: Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, supra note 7.





n10  See ANNETTE M. HIGBY ET AL., HOLDING GROUND: A GUIDE TO NORTHEAST FARMLAND
TENURE AND STEWARDSHIP 10-12 (Miranda Smith ed., 2004) [hereinafter HIGBY ET
AL., HOLDING GROUND] (noting the importance of access, secure tenure,
affordability, and stewardship to farmland policy).





n11  See NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., USDA, 2007 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE--VALUE OF
FARM LAND AND BUILDINGS 1 (2009) [hereinafter VALUE OF FARM LAND AND BUILDINGS],
available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Online_Highlights/Fact_Sheets/Eco
nomics/land_values.pdf (showing decline in property value in 2009 compared with
values from 1987-2007).





n12  See SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 20 (stating that, of the farmers polled,
68% said one of the biggest problems facing new farmers is land access).





n13  See NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., VALUE OF FARM LAND AND BUILDINGS, supra note
11, at 1 (indicating average land values).





n14  FARM SERV. AGENCY, USDA, YOUR GUIDE TO FSA FARM LOANS 7, 10 (2012),
available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa_br_01_web_booklet.pdf.





n15  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-1130, BEGINNING FARMERS:
ADDITIONAL STEPS NEEDED TO DEMONSTRATE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF USDA ASSISTANCE 4
(2007), available at http://www.gao.gov/assets/270/267028.pdf. This report also
states that the "USDA generally defines a beginning farmer or rancher as one who
has operated a farm or ranch for 10 years or less, regardless of age, and will
materially and substantially participate in its operation." Id. at 1.





n16  HIGBY ET AL., HOLDING GROUND, supra note 10, at 8; See also ANNETTE M.
HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE TO THE BUSINESS OF FARMING IN VERMONT 67 (Miranda
Smith ed., 2006) [hereinafter HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE], available at
http://www.uvm.edu/farmtransfer/LegalGuide.pdf ("Since the 1930s, FSA has been
the lender of last resort and, as such, has made farm ownership a reality for
thousands and thousands of farm families. However, the current level of public
commitment to providing economic opportunity and entry into agriculture leaves
much to be desired. In 1997, FSA's share of lending in the Northeast had
dwindled to 6.7 percent--not much ahead of implement dealers as a source of
credit.").





n17  See Neil D. Hamilton, Farms, Food, & the Future: Legal Issues and Fifteen
Years of the "New Agriculture," 26 J. ENVTL. L. & LITIG. 1, 16 (2011)
(describing the concentration of farmland ownership among older generations).





n18  See Slack, supra note 1, at 495-96 (stating that "studies have revealed
that although farming operations have been traditionally passed down from
generation to generation, intergenerational transfers of family farms have
significantly decreased" (citing David Laband & Bernard Lentz, Occupational
Inheritance in Agriculture, 36 AM. J. OF AGRIC. ECON. 311, 311-14 (1983)); SHUTE
ET AL., supra note 4, at 25 ("Across the United States, farmland is becoming
more and more concentrated in the hands of older farmers. In 1999, only 1.67
percent of farmland owners were under the age of 35, whereas 40 percent of
farmland owners were over the age of 70.").





n19  See SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 25 (stating that, of the farmers who
took their research survey, "more than three-quarters . . . did not come from
farming backgrounds," and that "[a]mong farm business owners raised on a farm,
65 percent owned land as compared to 50 percent of farmers who did not grow up
on a farm.").





n20  See Slack, supra note 1, at 491 (noting the difference in retirement funds
between farmers and traditional employees).





n21  Id. at 487 (quoting Tom Vilsack, U.S. Sec'y of Agric., Address at the John
Deere Des Moines Works (Oct. 25, 2011) (internal quotation marks omitted),
available at
http://www.thebaynet.com/articles/1011/agriculture-secretary-vilsack-on-prioriti
es-for-the-2012-farmbill.html).





n22  See Press Release, Organic Trade Association, Consumer-driven U.S. Organic
Market Surpasses $ 31 Billion in 2011 (Apr. 23, 2012), available at
http://www.organicnewsroom.com/2012/04/us_consumerdriven_organic_mark.html
("Consumers are increasingly engaged and discerning when they shop, making
decisions based on their values and awareness about health and environmental
concerns."); ORGANIC TRADE ASS'N, U.S. ORGANIC INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 1 (2011),
available at http://www.ota.com/pics/documents/2011OrganicIndustrySurvey.pdf.





n23  ORGANIC TRADE ASS'N, supra note 22, at 1.





n24  NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., USDA, 2007 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE--2008 ORGANIC
PRODUCTION SURVEY (2008), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Online_Highlights/Fact_Sheets/Pra
ctices/organics.pdf (defining "exempt" producers as those who employ organic
practices but are exempt from certification because of sales totaling less than
$ 5,000).





n25  Id.





n26  Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food: Our Mission, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_MISSION (last updated
Aug. 19, 2013).





n27  Ryan E. Galt et al., Community Supported Agriculture is Thriving in the
Central Valley, 66 CAL. AGRIC. 8, 8 (2012), available at
http://asi.ucdavis.edu/resources/publications/Galt_CSAs%20in%20Central%20Valley%
20_%20California%20agriculture.pdf.





n28  See generally STEVE MARTINEZ ET AL., U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., LOCAL FOOD
SYSTEMS: CONCEPTS, IMPACTS, AND ISSUES (2010), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/122868/err97_1_.pdf (highlighting the benefits of
local food markets); see also JEFFREY K. O'HARA, UNION OF CONCERNED SCIENTISTS,
MARKET FORCES: CREATING JOBS THROUGH PUBLIC INVESTMENT IN LOCAL AND REGIONAL
FOOD SYSTEMS 2, 3, 7 (2011) available at
http://www.ucsusa.org/assets/documents/food_and_agriculture/market-forces-report
.pdf (outlining the rise and benefits of local food markets).





n29  See MARTINEZ ET AL., supra note 28, at 19 (noting that direct-to-consumer
sales are one reason local farms can compete with larger farms).





n30  See id. at 43-45 (explaining how local markets can create a multiplier
effect).





n31  See MARTIN C. HELLER & GREGORY A. KEOLEIAN, CTR. FOR SUSTAINABLE SYS.,
UNIV. OF MICH., LIFE CYCLE-BASED SUSTAINABILITY INDICATORS FOR ASSESSMENT OF THE
U.S. FOOD SYSTEM 39-42 (2000) (explaining the relationship between fossil fuel
use, local markets, and sustainability).





n32  See NAT. RES. CONS. SERV., USDA, OPPORTUNITIES FOR MANAGING CARBON
SEQUESTRATION AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS IN AGRICULTURAL SYSTEMS 2 (2006)
available at http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_DOCUMENTS/nrcs143_023251.pdf
(explaining ways to manage greenhouse gas emissions from agriculture); ROBERT
JORDAN ET AL., INT'L FED'N OF ORGANIC AGRIC. MOVEMENTS, ORGANIC AGRICULTURE--A
GUIDE TO CLIMATE CHANGE & FOOD SECURITY 9- 13 (2009) available at
http://www.ifoam-eu.org/sites/default/files/page/files/ifoam_ifoameu_policy_clim
ate_food_security_dossier_2009.pdf (describing soil management techniques and
other practices that reduce greenhouse gas emissions).





n33  See JORDAN ET AL., supra note 32, at 14 ("Organic Agriculture creates
robust and environmentally benign farming systems that are resilient to
temperature extremes, drought and which avoid soil erosion."); see also Tom
Philpott, Food and Extreme Weather: It's the Soil, Stupid, MOTHER JONES (July 9,
2012, 3:00 AM),
http://www.motherjones.com/tom-philpott/2012/07/what-organic-agteaches-
us-about-feeding-ourselves-while-planet-heats ("Soil rich in organic matter
(well-decayed remnants of plants and other living creatures) bolster soil in
weather extremes by helping store water in times of scarcity and by holding
together and not eroding away during heavy rains.").





n34  See SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 10 ("The 'good food' movement--the
interest and enthusiasm for organic, local and sustainably grown food now
spreading across the country--is one of many factors bringing young people back
to farming in the United States."); Hamilton, supra note 17, at 5-6 (discussing
various programs available to help new farmers begin and be successful).





n35  2013 State Agriculture Overview: Vermont, NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., USDA,
http://www.nass.usda.gov/Quick_Stats/Ag_Overview/stateOverview.php?state=VERMONT
(last visited Dec. 5, 2014); see also NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SERV., USDA, 2007
CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE--VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA B-14 app. (2009)
[hereinafter VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA], available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Full_Report/Volume_1,_Chapter_1_S
tate_Level/Vermont/vtv1.pdf. The report states that "'land in farms'" is:

     [A]gricultural land used for crops, pasture, or grazing. It also
     includes woodland and wasteland not actually under cultivation or used
     for pasture or grazing, provided it was part of the farm operator's
     total operation. Large acreages of woodland or wasteland held for
     nonagricultural purposes were deleted from individual reports during
     the edit process. Land in farms includes CRP, WRP, FWP, and CREP
     acres.


Id.





n36  Econ. Research Serv., State Fact Sheets: Vermont, USDA,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/dataproducts/state-fact-sheets/state-data.aspx?StateFIPS
=50&StateName=Vermont#.UVcxbZjHbA5 (last updated Sept. 12, 2014).





n37  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 10, § 6086(a)(9)(B) (2013).





n38  Conserving Vermont's Farmland, VT. LAND TRUST,
http://www.vlt.org/land-weveconserved/farmland (last visited Dec. 5, 2014).





n39  Econ. Research Serv., supra note 36; Todd W. Daloz, Farm Preservation: A
Vermont Land-Use Perspective, 12 VT. J. ENVTL. L. 427, 429 n.7 (2011).





n40  See VT. SUSTAINABLE JOBS FUND, Analysis of Vermont's Food System: Food
Production: Dairy, in FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN 206 (2013), available at
http://www.vtfoodatlas.com/assets/plan_sections/files/3.3_Food%20Production_Dair
y_MAY%202013.pdf (stating that the "soils and climate" in Vermont are "highly
favorable to raising the forage crops needed for dairy cows").





n41  See Econ. Research Serv., supra note 36.





n42  Id.





n43  VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra note 35, at 27-28 tbl.33.





n44  See VINCE BOLDUC & HERB KESSEL, VERMONT IN TRANSITION: A SUMMARY OF SOCIAL,
ECONOMIC, AND ENVIRONMENTAL TRENDS 76 (2008), available at
http://vtrural.org/sites/default/files/content/futureofvermont/documents/VTTrans
itions_Full_noAppen.pdf (noting that "[t]he health of Vermont's agricultural
economy in the future will depend on the ability of farmers to differentiate
their products" to meet increased demand for local foods and compete with
out-of-state producers).





n45  Daloz, supra note 39, at 431 ("'In 1947 over 11,000 dairies blanketed the
fields and hills. That figure dropped to 2,370 in 1990, and by 2007 only 1,097
survive . . . .'" (quoting COUNCIL ON THE FUTURE OF VT., IMAGINING VERMONT:
VALUES & VISIONS FOR THE FUTURE 56 (2009))).





n46  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 74; VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra
note 35, at 8 tbl.1, 29 tbl.34.





n47  VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra note 43, at 7 tbl.1.





n48  VT. SUSTAINABLE JOBS FUND, Analysis of Vermont's Food System: Farm Inputs:
Land, in FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN 147-48 (2013), available at
http://www.vtfoodatlas.com/assets/plan_sections/files/3.2_Farm%20Inputs_Land_MAY
%202013.pdf. ("[A]lthough data on aggregate land in agriculture exists at the
county level, it is currently not easy to describe and graphically depict the
mosaic of land uses at the county and town levels. Many stakeholders identified
and supported the need for mapping agricultural soils, parcels, and land uses to
match farmers with potentially available land.").





n49  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 74.





n50  Id.





n51  Id.





n52  See id. at 74-75 (analyzing factors that may be causing the increase in the
number of farms with minimal sales in Vermont).





n53  Id.





n54  Daloz, supra note 39, at 427-28.





n55  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 33.





n56  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 34; Daloz, supra note 39, at 431.





n57  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 35.





n58  Daloz, supra note 39, at 450 (quoting Jesse J. Richardson, Jr., Beyond
Fairness: What Really Works to Protect Farmland, 12 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 163, 167
(2007)).





n59  VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra note 35, at 7 tbl.1.





n60  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 34.





n61  Conserving Vermont's Farmland, supra note 38.





n62  Daloz, supra note 39, at 431-32 ("The features that make [land] prime
growing soil also encourage urbanization: [t]he topography of prime farmland
lowers infrastructure costs for development and makes such land a tempting
target for development. Its generally level grade, good drainage, and open
expanse simplify the transition from amber waves to asphalt cul-de-sacs."
(internal quotation marks and citation omitted)).





n63  VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra note 35, at B-11 app.





n64  Id. at B-17 app.





n65  Id. at 242, B-11 app.





n66  Id.





n67  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67.





n68  Mark Fasching, Co-Owner, Jericho Settlers Farm, Presentation during the
Northeast Organic Farming Ass'n of Vt. Winter Conference: Farmland Access &
Acquisition (Feb. 17, 2013) [hereinafter Fasching Presentation]; Telephone
Interview with Christopher Piana, Co-Owner, Fable Farm (Mar. 18, 2013)
[hereinafter Piana Interview].





n69  Fasching Presentation, supra note 68.





n70  VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra note 35, at 242 tbl.65.





n71  Id. at 244 tbl. 65.





n72  Id. at B-9 app.





n73  Id. at 96-97 tbl.59.





n74  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67.





n75  Id.





n76  VERMONT STATE AND COUNTY DATA, supra note 35, at 242 tbl.65 (showing that a
large proportion of owned acreage in Vermont is classified as a "retirement" or
"lifestyle" farm).





n77  See Cynthia Nickerson et al., Farmland Values on the Rise: 2000-2010, USDA
(Sept 20, 2012),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/amber-waves/2012-september/farmland-values.aspx
(explaining that farmland values may rise as increasing numbers of farmers rely
on off-farm income).





n78  Id.





n79  Id.





n80  Id.





n81  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67 ("Giving beginning
farmers a chance of success has always required a public investment.").





n82  Id.





n83  Daloz, supra note 39, at 435.





n84  See id. at 438 (explaining that easements reduce the resale value of the
conserved land); see also Econ. Research Serv., supra note 36 (stating that
there were approximately 5.9 million acres of farmland in Vermont in 2012);
NAT'L AGRIC. STAT. SER., USDA, 2012 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE--VERMONT STATE AND
COUNTY DATA, VERMONT 37 tbl.50 (2014), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/Full_Report/Volume_1,_Chapter_1_S
tate_Level/Vermont/vtv1.pdf (stating that approximately 138,000 acres of Vermont
farmland was in conservation easement in 2012).





n85  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67.





n86  See id. (describing how tenure influences a farmers' commitment to
stewardship).





n87  Id.; see also Edward Cox, A Lease-Based Approach to Sustainable Farming,
Part I: Farm Tenancy Trends and the Outlook for Sustainability on Rented Land,
15 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 369, 372 (2010) ("[B]y including mechanisms within the
lease agreement that provide incentives for the tenant's long-term investments
in the farmland's sustainability, while maintaining alignment with the changing
landowner characteristics and motivations, effective sustainability can be
achieved on leased farmland.").





n88  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 73.





n89  See id. at 73, 75 (describing the cost and variety of capital improvements
necessary for a productive farm).





n90  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 73, 75; see also Edward Cox,
A Lease Based Approach to Sustainable Farming, Part II: Farm Tenancy Trends and
the Outlook for Sustainability on Rented Land, 16 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 5, 21
(2011) [hereinafter Cox, Part II] (arguing that lease agreements should enable a
landowner and a farmer to "work together to improve the farm operation,
including its long-term productivity" and that without mutually beneficial,
long-term leases farm tenants may not be able to "reap the benefits of their
investments").





n91  FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN, supra note 48, at 153 ("For beginning farmers
with limited capital, accumulating other farm assets to help with production
takes priority, so leasing can offer an ability to build a market or develop a
product niche.").





n92  See generally Our Mission, Vision, and Guiding Principles, NAT'L YOUNG
FARMERS COAL., http://www.youngfarmers.org/about/our-work (last visited Dec. 6,
2014) (outlining the benefits of long-term land ownership).





n93  See id. (noting that, although ownership is ideal, long-term leases are
also a good option).





n94  Id.





n95  ROBERT PARSONS ET AL., THE FARMLASTS PROJECT: FARM LAND ACCESS, SUCCESSION,
TENURE, AND STEWARDSHIP 9 (2010), available at
http://www.uvm.edu/farmlasts/FarmLASTSResearchReport.pdf ("Obtaining commercial
credit is often difficult for beginning low-equity farmers as they often lack
the collateral and/or the cash flow to provide security to the lender and show
they have the ability to repay a loan. Given farming's low profit, high-risk
nature, commercial banks are often cautious about lending to beginning
farmers.").





n96  See FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN, supra note 48, at 153-54. ("Challenges
with lease arrangements were discussed in great detail during F2P focus
groups--from the difficulty of being far away from livestock, to disagreements
between landlords and tenants, to difficulties in obtaining working capital
because of a lack of collateral. . . . The independent nature of farming,
combined with the long-term nature of land management decision making, often
makes farming incompatible with temporary lease agreements.").





n97  See FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN, supra note 48, at 147-48 (noting that
only general information is available on a broad level as to what land is being
farmed in Vermont).





n98  See id. at 148 ("Many stakeholders identified and supported the need for
mapping agricultural soils, parcels, and land uses to match farmers with
potentially available land.").





n99  See id. at 146 (noting that farmers may only find significantly large
parcels for sale).





n100  Id.





n101  Id. at 155 (calling for the creation of "a statewide land use spatial
LiDAR database of agricultural land usage and an inventory of agricultural land
that captures information on soil type, current land use, accessibility to
roads, proximity to market areas, and so on").





n102  Daloz, supra note 39, at 439 (citing VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 32, §§ 3751-3776
(2008)).





n103  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 32, § 3751 (2014).





n104  Daloz, supra note 39, at 439.





n105  tit. 32, § 3751.





n106  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 68.





n107  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 32, § 3752(1) (2014).





n108  tit. 32, § 3752(7)(a).





n109  tit. 32, § 3752(1)(C)(i).





n110  tit. 32, § 3752(12), (14).





n111  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 74.





n112  FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN, supra note 48, at 148.





n113  See PARSONS ET AL., supra note 95, at 24 (providing examples of tax
credits as motivating factors for landowners to lease).





n114  Id.





n115  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67.





n116  See id. at 73-74 (noting that a lease agreement might specify that a
landowner must reimburse a farmer for the depreciated value of capital
improvements made to a property at the time that the lease ends, or, if the
landowner decides to sell the property to the farmer after a period of leasing,
the agreement might specify that the depreciated value of capital improvements
is deducted from the sale price); see also Cox, Part II, supra note 90, at 21
("Reimbursement for improvements, while not ensuring the tenant will enjoy the
long-term profits from investments as a long-term lease does, at least protects
the tenant from losing the capital or effort invested in improving the
property.").





n117  Fasching Presentation, supra note 68.





n118  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 74.





n119  Id.





n120  See VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 32, § 3752(1)(C)(i) (2014) (providing that parcels
less than 25 acres may enroll in Current Use so long as they generate $ 2,000 in
annual income).





n121  For example, Cornell University's Sugar Maple Research & Extension Program
estimates that a hobby farm producing 40-50 gallons of syrup will gross
approximately $ 1,600 in income revenue per year (nearly $ 2,000). Frequently
Asked Questions, CORNELL SUGAR MAPLE RESEARCH & EXTENSION PROGRAM,
http://maple.dnr.cornell.edu/FAQ.htm (last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n122  See Jesse J. Richardson, Jr., Beyond Fairness: What Really Works to
Protect Farmland, 12 DRAKE. J. AGRIC. L. 163, 176 (2007) (explaining several
drawbacks to use-value assessment).





n123  Id. at 182.





n124  BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra note 44, at 75 (stating that the increase in
Vermont's small farms with minimal sales "may be motivated by the beneficial tax
consequences of operating a home based business or being able to enroll land in
the Current Use Program").





n125  Cf. FARM TO PLATE STRATEGIC PLAN, supra note 48, at 148 (recommending
changes to strengthen the Current Use Program).





n126  Alison Clarkson, Vt. State Representative, Remarks at the Vermont Journal
of Environmental Law Land Use Symposium: Rural Taxation: Benefits and Burdens
(April 19, 2013) (discussing the difficulties of passing an amendment to Current
Use). But see HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 68 (stating that
"Vermont's land use value program seems to undergo legislative revision on a
regular basis").





n127  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 6 § 4604(4) (Supp. 2013).





n128  tit. 6 § 4603(20).





n129  Purpose and Legislation, VT. WORKING LANDS ENTER. INITIATIVE,
http://workinglands.vermont.gov/wlei/working_lands_summary (last visited Dec.
10, 2014).





n130  tit. 6 § 4603(7).





n131  See Press Release, Vt. Working Lands Enter. Initiative, Working Lands
Enterprise Board Announces $ 1.1 Million in Grants to 37 Vermont Entrepreneurs
and Technical Assistance Providers (June 18, 2014), available at
http://workinglands.vermont.gov/node/685 (stating that the Working Lands
Enterprise Board awarded $ 1.1 million in grants in 2014, and $ 1 million in
grants in 2013).





n132  Frequently Asked Questions, VT. WORKING LANDS ENTER. INITIATIVE,
http://workinglands.vermont.gov/wlei/faqs (last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n133  See Press Release, Vt. Working Lands Enter. Initiative, supra note 131
(announcing FY2014 grants); Press Release, Vt. Working Lands Enter. Initiative,
Gov. Shumlin Announces 20 Grantees of Working Lands Enterprise (May 2, 2013),
available at http://workinglands.vermont.gov/news/pr_gov_shumlin (announcing
FY2013 Enterprise Investment grants); Press Release, Vt. Working Lands Enter.
Initiative, Gov. Shumlin Announces Final 16 Grantees of the Working Lands Fund
(June 20, 2013), available at
http://workinglands.vermont.gov/news/pr_serviceprovider_and_capitalandinfrastruc
ture (announcing FY2013 Capital and Infrastructure Investment Grants).





n134  See Press Release, Vt. Working Lands Enter. Initiative, Gov. Shumlin
Announces Final 16 Grantees of the Working Lands Fund, supra note 133 (listing
funded projects, ranging from $ 9,750 for cider pressing equipment to $ 75,000
for a dairy processing plant and hub).





n135  See id. (listing only one $ 30,000 grant for land acquisition).





n136  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 6 § 4603(19) (Supp. 2013).





n137  Mark Aiken, Farmland Access Program Works to Preserve Agricultural
Heritage, VT. LAND TRUST,
http://www.vlt.org/news-publications/publications-archive/archived-articles/196-
fapnewsletter (last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n138  Conserving Vermont's Farmland, supra note 38.





n139  VLT Stewardship: Frequently Asked Questions, VT. LAND TRUST,
http://www.vlt.org/stewardship-faq (last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n140  See id. (explaining that VLT sometimes conserves land jointly with VHCB, a
"state-supported funding agency"); VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 10 §§ 301-325a (2010);
VHCB Conservation Programs, VERMONT HOUSING & CONSERVATION BOARD,
http://www.vhcb.org/conservation.html#Anchor-Farmlan-65515 (last visited Dec.
10, 2014).





n141  tit. 10 § 321.





n142  Natural Res. Conservation Serv., Farm and Ranch Lands Protection Program,
USDA,
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/wps/portal/nrcs/main/national/programs/easements/farmra
nch/ (last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n143  PARSONS ET AL., supra note 95, at 17-18; see also Frequently Asked
Questions About Conserving Your Land, VT. LAND TRUST,
http://www.vlt.org/land-protection/frequently-asked-questions (last visited Dec.
10, 2014) (explaining that conservation easements involve perpetual restrictions
on future development).





n144  Frequently Asked Questions About Conserving Your Land, supra note 143.





n145  Id.





n146  Id.





n147  Id.





n148  Conserving Vermont's Farmland, supra note 38. Issues pertaining to
intergenerational farm transfer, retirement, and farm succession planning have
huge impacts on both farmland availability and farmland access. Jesse Richardson
writes that:

     Contrary to popular belief, farms are most often lost, not to the
     "evil developer," but due to a lack of succession planning. Farm
     business succession planning seeks to allow an orderly and efficient
     transfer of control of ownership/management of the farm operation to
     the next generation or successor.


Richardson, supra note 122, at 178 (citing About the Network, INT'L FARM
TRANSITION NETWORK, http://www.farmtransition.org/aboutnetw.html (last visited
Dec. 10, 2014)). While an in-depth discussion of these issues is beyond the
scope of this paper, the author would like to note that state policy can
facilitate improved intergenerational farm transfer by funding or managing "farm
business succession programs." Id. As Richardson points out, "both Virginia and
North Carolina have very different, yet very active, farm business succession
programs." Id. In addition, many states have "Land-Link or Farm-On programs
which match older farmers seeking to find successors and younger farmers
interested in acquiring land of their own" to varying degrees of success. Slack,
supra note 1, at 485. For example, the University of Vermont Center for
Sustainable Agriculture's New Farmer Project runs an important land linking
program that connects beginning and retiring farmers and provides assistance
with business and succession planning. New Farmer Project, Vermont Land Link,
UNIV. OF VT.,
http://www.uvm.edu/newfarmer/?Page=vermont-lad/index.html&SM=land/sub-menu.html
(last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n149  Telephone Interview with Jon Ramsay, Director, Vt. Land Trust Farmland
Access Program (Feb. 28, 2013) [hereinafter Ramsay Interview]; Jon Ramsay,
Director, Vt. Land Trust Farmland Access Program, Presentation during the
Northeast Organic Farming Ass'n of Vt. Winter Conference: Farmland Access &
Acquisition (Feb. 17, 2013) [hereinafter Ramsay Presentation]; The Affordability
Option: Keeping Farms Affordable for Farmers, VT. LAND TRUST,
http://www.vlt.org/stewardship-faq?id=235 (last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n150  The Affordability Option, supra note 149.





n151  Id. ("Something needed to be done to keep land affordable for farmers with
viable commercial agricultural operations and discourage conversion of good
farmland into 'estate' type properties.").





n152  Id.





n153  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; Ramsay Presentation, supra note 149;
Conservation Options: Different Ways to Conserve Your Land, VT. LAND TRUST,
http://www.vlt.org/landprotection/conservation-options (last visited Dec. 10,
2014).





n154  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; Ramsay Presentation, supra note 149.





n155  See Farmland Access: Connecting Farmers with Affordable Farmland, VT. LAND
TRUST, http://www.vlt.org/initiatives/affordable-farmland (last visited Dec. 10,
2014) (explaining under what conditions VLT may exercise its rights).





n156  See id. (describing the buying and selling process).





n157  Id.; Ramsay Interview, supra note 149.





n158  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149.





n159  Id.; Ramsay Presentation, supra note 149. To the author's knowledge, VLT
does not regularly employ lease provisions that compensate farmers at the time
of sale for the depreciated value of any capital improvements made. However, Mr.
Ramsay did offer one example of an agreement where VLT offered a farmer a
significant rent reduction on a property with marginal, rocky soils. In this
way, the farmer lessee was compensated for any work done to improve the soil
quality or remove rocks from the fields. Id.





n160  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149.





n161  PARSONS ET AL., supra note 95, at 18.






n162  Id.





n163  Id.; Platform: Federal Reforms, NAT'L YOUNG FARMERS COAL.,
http://www.youngfarmers.org/policy/platform/ (last visited Dec. 10, 2014)
("Model programs to assure affordability have been successfully implemented by
the Vermont Land Trust and by the State of Massachusetts.").





n164  SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 32.





n165  Id. at 33.





n166  Id.





n167  HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67.





n168  SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 35.





n169  Cf. HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 73, 75; Cox, Part II,
supra note 90, at 21 (explaining the risk that "permanent improvements will
become the property of the landowner" at the conclusion of the lease in the
absence of an express agreement to the contrary).





n170  . See HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 69 (noting that
Vermont does not have lease-governing statutes, while other states do).





n171  Id.





n172  Id.





n173  Id.





n174  PARSONS ET AL., supra note 95, at 24; SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 37.





n175  See generally HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16 (providing a
guide for farmers and lawyers on how to better craft agreements between
beginning farmers and farmland owners).





n176  New Farmer Project, Land Access and Tenure Toolshed: Leasing Farmland,
UNIV. OF VT.,
http://www.uvm.edu/newfarmer/?Page=land/leasing.html&SM=land/sub-menu.html (last
visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n177  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; Interview with Randy Robar, Co-Owner,
Kiss the Cow Farm (March 12, 2013) [hereinafter Robar Interview]; Piana
Interview, supra note 68.





n178  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; Piana Interview, supra note 68.





n179  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; Piana Interview, supra note 68.





n180  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; Piana Interview, supra note 68.





n181  Ramsay Interview, supra note 149; see also HIGBY ET AL., HOLDING GROUND,
supra note 10, at 10-12 (explaining the benefits of common land ownership);
PARSONS ET AL., supra note 95, at 20-21 ("In an agricultural ground lease, the
tenant rents the land and builds or purchases and owns the improvements on it. A
ground lease not only conveys rights to land, but can also include restrictions
such as requiring owner-occupancy or limited equity resale. For example, a
farmer might have a 99-year renewable lease for 30 acres of farmland. She
purchases the farmhouse on the land. If she decides to move on, the lease
terminates and she sells her house to the next tenant at a price determined by a
formula in the lease that limits speculative gain.").





n182  Robar Interview, supra note 177; Piana Interview, supra note 68.





n183  Piana Interview, supra note 68.





n184  Id.





n185  Id.





n186  History, SWANTON BERRY FARM, http://swantonberryfarm.com/history (last
visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n187  Id.





n188  The People, SWANTON BERRY FARM, http://www.swantonberryfarm.com/the-people
(last visited Dec. 10, 2014).





n189  Ownership, SWANTON BERRY FARM, http://swantonberryfarm.com/ownership (last
visited Sept. 14, 2014) (on file with Vermont Law Review).





n190  Id.





n191  Id.





n192  Id.





n193  Id.





n194  See generally SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 4 (detailing the problem
facing new farmers and arguing that policy reform can help alleviate this
problem).





n195  See VALUE OF FARM LAND AND BUILDINGS, supra note 11.





n196  See Econ. Research Serv., supra note 36 (highlighting that the majority of
Vermonters live in non-urban settings); see also Daloz, supra note 39, at 429
n.7 (noting that only about 33% of Vermonters live in an urban area).





n197  See HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL GUIDE, supra note 16, at 67 ("Beginning farmers
are competing for land not only with established farmers but also with
non-farmers who want to own a piece of rural Vermont."); BOLDUC & KESSEL, supra
note 44, at 74-75 (proposing factors that may contribute to the prevalence of
part-time farmers in Vermont).





n198  See PARSONS ET AL., supra note 95, at 24 (explaining the benefits of tax
incentive programs); SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4, at 37; HIGBY ET AL., A LEGAL
GUIDE, supra note 16, at 68-69.





n199  See Daloz, supra note 39, at 433 ("The preservation of the land may rely
on a robust agricultural economy, but the availability of suitable agricultural
land is vital to sustaining these same sectors.").





n200  See generally SHUTE ET AL., supra note 4 (noting that student loan debts
and lack of affordable healthcare options contribute to the financial hurdles
facing new farmers).


                              984 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 24, 2012 Thursday

Gond tribals in district await titles for land

BYLINE: Snehlata Shrivastav

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 582 words


NAGPUR: Gond tribals in the district have been tilling the land around the
villages they reside for at least two-three generations. Yet, they have no
ownership of the land. Every election, politicians promise to get them title to
the land but after the elections everything is forgotten. Not only do the
tribals do not have the right to land, even their villages are deprived of basic
amenities any village should have.

A visit to some tribal Gond villages in Parseoni tehsil in Nagpur district by
TOI revealed that tribals here have been tilling the land (2-5 acres per family)
for 30-40 years but still have not got the ownership. Also, the land holdings
are so small that it is difficult to sustain a family of even four. So, most of
them travel 10-20km to work as farm labourers. Most of this land is forest land
except for a few villages that occupy revenue land.

Sukhlal Dodi Nagwase, a farmer from Sheela Devi village (revenue village) said
his family had been tilling the two acre patch for over 35 years. "We do not own
it as yet. Politicians promise to get the land allocated to us but no one
entertains us after the election," he said. Nagwase lives with his wife, a son
and daughter-in-law. The produce from land is barely enough for their own
sustenance. His neighbour Fagan Dhurwe and Akshay Munje Naik also have similar
stories.

The village has about 22 Gond families. The villagers grow traditional crops
like cotton, tur, jowar. The earnings are so minimal that it is difficult to
make ends meet. They have to supplement it by working as farm or forest
labourers. During rainy season, they do not even get forest work. The situation
is same in nearby villages like Mahkepar, Banera, Sawangi, Dhawadapur, Narahar,
Surera, Saleghat, Ghatpendhri, Ghatkukra, Kirangi, Pardi, Subhdham and
Kolitmara.

Village Narhar has about 100 Gond families. Waman Uikey from the village said
that social activist Lalji Goswami from Parseoni was supporting them in their
fight for years. Morchas and protests during the winter session have been held
but to no avail. Suman Deoram Neti said her family had three acres. She has a
daughter Madhuri studying in Std X and a younger son Akash. "There is no high
school nearby. My daughter goes to Nagardhan on cycle," she said. Panchpulla
Uikey said her daughter too went to a school 12km away. The village has just one
hand pump to provide drinking water for 100 families. For washing and bathing
they go to the river.

Goswami, a member of Shetkari Sangathana, has been fighting a losing battle for
the farmers for 25 years. "The government is just not interested in welfare of
tribals. It is not the question of just these tribal villages. The situation is
same all over the state. There is no development in their villages. If the
farmers own the land, they can get loan from bank," he said.

"There is no road from village Ambazari. People can't take patients to hospital.
All this is happening in the name of forest. Forest department has constructed
4km road and has not made the remaining one and half kms. There are ponds around
villages but there is no water. I have been raising the issue for years but with
no success," added Goswami.

Nagpur District Collector Saurabh Rao said if the villagers have been tilling
the land since December 31, 2005 or earlier they could get rights over it under
Forest Rights Act. "There are gram van hak samitis to facilitate the process.
Still, I will look into the issue," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 24, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Denver council agrees to give Somali refugees room to garden

BYLINE: Kris Hudson and Elizabeth Aguilera Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-03

LENGTH: 378 words


The Denver City Council on Monday cleared the way for a group of Somali refugees
to experience a bit of home on a vacant, city-owned plot in east Denver.

The council voted unanimously to give 19 Somali Bantu refugee families a chance
to farm the vacant lot at Xenia Street and East 13th Avenue.

The refugees, who arrived in Denver about a year ago to escape civil war in
Somalia, live in apartments with few, if any, backyards. Thus, the families
asked to farm the vacant lot as people do in their homeland.

The city will lease the land to Mercy Housing, which manages the buildings where
the Bantu live. The 2-acre parcel will host crops, a garden and a playground.
Denver Urban Gardens is helping the Bantu.

Councilwoman Marcia Johnson worked on the proposal for months.

"They're very happy," said Rasulo Rasulo, a spokesman for the families and
executive treasurer of the Somali Bantu Community Development Councils.

"When I told them this was final, they said, 'That's wonderful. We will (now
have a playground) for the children. We will have someplace to sit in the
afternoon."'

Abdi Madimba, vice chairman of the families' garden committee, joined him in
watching the council approve the agreement.

Also on Monday, the council gave initial approval to the planned assumption of a
federal economic development loan on an 80-unit condominium complex built on
East 26th and 28th avenues off Roslyn Street.

A limited-liability company formed by Forest City Stapleton, the company
redeveloping the former Stapleton International Airport, will assume a
multimillion-dollar loan on the property from the developer, which defaulted.
The city administers the federally funded loan program.

The council will take a final vote on the loan assumption June 6. It cannot be
completed until then.

The council meeting was interrupted occasionally by loud cheers from the steps
of the City and County Building, where several dozen people rallied against the
city's ban on pit bulls. The ban, recently challenged by a state law but upheld
in court, went back into effect early this month.

People participating in the rally toted signs declaring "Judge the deed not the
breed" and "My dog is part of my family."

Staff writer Kris Hudson can be reached at 303-820-1593 or
khudson@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

U.S. farm policies too often at cross-purposes

BYLINE: E.C. Pasour Jr. and Randal Rucker

LENGTH: 706 words


With the 2007 farm bill temporarily stalled in the Senate, this is a good time
to reconsider America's schizophrenic agriculture programs and how they often
work at cross-purposes.

Consider government subsidies. Under the current farm bill, enacted in 2002,
government payments to farmers averaged about $17.5 billion annually from 2003
to 2006. The House-passed 2007 farm bill would cost an additional $286 billion
over five years, including both direct payments and other provisions.

Politicians claim to be friends of the small "family farmer" but most government
payments go to large farms. Half of all U.S. farms receive nothing at all
because they don't grow corn, wheat, cotton and other major crops that qualify
for commodity payments.

Because most payments are based on a farm's past production history, they likely
have little effect on current commodity prices. But they do cause land prices to
be bid up, meaning those who own the most land receive the most benefits.

Escalating land prices, in turn, raise the cost of entry into farming, hurting
the little guy again. The government responds by offering subsidized farm
credit, which provides $3 billion annually in ownership and operating loans to
farmers and ranchers who don't qualify for private loans. These subsidies
increase the profitability of farming. This, in turn, encourages more production
and results in lower crop and livestock prices.

The government's involvement in risk management also helps decrease prices. For
example, farmers are encouraged to purchase government-subsidized crop
insurance, which cost taxpayers $4 billion annually. But many farmers are
reluctant to purchase crop insurance because Congress usually can be counted on
to provide ad hoc relief when droughts, freezes, floods and other
weather-related problems occur.

So why buy insurance? Such ad hoc spending totaled more than $35 billion over
the past decade.

Like the loan programs, the subsidized crop insurance and ad hoc disaster relief
also increase the profitability of farming, encourage more production and result
in reduced prices -- as do the government's agricultural research and extension
programs.

While subsidized credit, crop insurance, ad hoc relief measures and research and
extension programs stimulate output and retard prices, other government programs
push prices up.

For example, the food stamp program, subsidized school breakfast and lunch
programs and the Women, Infants and Children program all increase demand for
agricultural products. Increased demand pushes prices higher. These programs
cost taxpayers more than $50 billion in 2006.

Export subsidies, which cost taxpayers an additional $4 billion per year, also
drive up prices. Much of the political support for the Food for Peace foreign
aid program, for example, is based on the fact that it increases overseas demand
for U.S. farm products.

Increased demand causes higher prices.

Over the years, the government also has raised farm prices with programs to take
land out of production. The current Conservation Reserve Program, which costs
taxpayers $2 billion a year, removes environmentally sensitive land from
agricultural production and keeps it under long-term resource-conserving
"cover."

But other programs work at cross-purposes: in this case, an organic
certification "cost share" program that provides financial assistance to organic
crop and livestock producers. Because organic yields are lower, increases in
organic agriculture bring more land into production, reducing wildlife habitat
and partly offsetting the effects of CRP.

The dairy and sugar programs deserve special attention, raising the prices of
milk and sugar while the government, through the food stamp and other subsidy
programs, subsidizes the purchase of milk and sugar and products containing
these ingredients.

You don't have to be agricultural economists to realize that none of this makes
sense. It's time for a new approach.

E.C. Pasour Jr. and Randal Rucker, professors at North Carolina State University
and Montana State University, respectively, are research fellows at the
Independent Institute in Oakland, Calif. and the authors of the book "Plowshares
& Pork Barrels: the Political Economy of Agriculture."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Is rural debt too high?

BYLINE: Bill McDonnell

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 404 words


NSW Farmers held a competitiveness forum in Tamworth this week where a number of
speakers and participants tackled the issue of farm profitability.

This was in the context of the federal government's white paper on the
competitiveness of agriculture and also the ongoing public discussion on the
level of rural debt.

It is this latter area that poses an interesting question. Is the level of rural
debt too high?

Much has been said lately of the escalating rural debt with levels increasing
from $16.8 billion in 1994 to $64.3 billion in 2013.

Interestingly this level has plateaued since 2009.

So how much debt is too much debt?

Some debt is necessary. It provides external finance to support development and
investment, increasing the ability of industry to improve productivity and
hopefully profitability.

Apart from debt the other alternative to attracting additional finance (and some
reports suggest Australian agriculture needs an additional $800 billion in the
next 35 years) is looking at equity another interesting topic.

The quantum of debt itself may not be the problem while property values hold to
ensure financiers maintain their security interests.

The serviceability of the debt is probably the bigger question in the context of
discussions on the profitability of the industry.

Looking at debt as a proportion of gross production we can see Australia's rural
debt to gross value of farm production ratio has increased from 68 per cent in
1994 to 131pc in 2013.

In the US where total farm debt is US$316b this ratio is about 84pc.

Interestingly information was provided to our forum at Tamworth explaining 70pc
of the debt was held by 12pc of the industry and the majority of these are the
larger, higher performing farms.

Looking at the interest cost to income ratio, the higher performers have a ratio
of about 8pc, while the lower performers have a ratio of 12pc.

One of the take home messages of the forum is farmers need to take greater
ownership of their loan application process.

Financial institutions are selling financial products and therefore will
structure loan applications to fit in with their targets and exposure areas.

For farmers to ensure the debt financing they are seeking is in the best
interest of their business, they need to completely understand what they are
getting ito.

We will be raising this and many other factors on farming profitability in the
agriculture competitiveness white paper process.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Is rural debt too high?

BYLINE: Bill McDonnell

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 404 words


NSW Farmers held a competitiveness forum in Tamworth this week where a number of
speakers and participants tackled the issue of farm profitability.

This was in the context of the federal government's white paper on the
competitiveness of agriculture and also the ongoing public discussion on the
level of rural debt.

It is this latter area that poses an interesting question. Is the level of rural
debt too high?

Much has been said lately of the escalating rural debt with levels increasing
from $16.8 billion in 1994 to $64.3 billion in 2013.

Interestingly this level has plateaued since 2009.

So how much debt is too much debt?

Some debt is necessary. It provides external finance to support development and
investment, increasing the ability of industry to improve productivity and
hopefully profitability.

Apart from debt the other alternative to attracting additional finance (and some
reports suggest Australian agriculture needs an additional $800 billion in the
next 35 years) is looking at equity another interesting topic.

The quantum of debt itself may not be the problem while property values hold to
ensure financiers maintain their security interests.

The serviceability of the debt is probably the bigger question in the context of
discussions on the profitability of the industry.

Looking at debt as a proportion of gross production we can see Australia's rural
debt to gross value of farm production ratio has increased from 68 per cent in
1994 to 131pc in 2013.

In the US where total farm debt is US$316b this ratio is about 84pc.

Interestingly information was provided to our forum at Tamworth explaining 70pc
of the debt was held by 12pc of the industry and the majority of these are the
larger, higher performing farms.

Looking at the interest cost to income ratio, the higher performers have a ratio
of about 8pc, while the lower performers have a ratio of 12pc.

One of the take home messages of the forum is farmers need to take greater
ownership of their loan application process.

Financial institutions are selling financial products and therefore will
structure loan applications to fit in with their targets and exposure areas.

For farmers to ensure the debt financing they are seeking is in the best
interest of their business, they need to completely understand what they are
getting ito.

We will be raising this and many other factors on farming profitability in the
agriculture competitiveness white paper process.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                                  May 03, 2016

Sour Grapes As Court Orders Awash Winery to Pay Penalty

BYLINE: Tesfa Mogesse

LENGTH: 746 words


The recently privatised winery has failed at the first round of repayments

Blue Nile Investment Plc, owner of Awash Winery S.C., has been ordered by the
Federal High Court to pay a one year delayed payment sum of 115 million Br. The
sum is a delayed first instalment payment of 43.6 million Br plus 65 million Br
dividend collected before the winery transferred to Ministry of Public
Enterprises.

According to a written statement the defendant issued on December 3rd 2015, Blue
Nile admitted the bilateral sale deal and pleaded for a reduced penalty sum.
They failed, however, to convince the judge presiding on Bench seven, Yohannes
Nigus.

According to the ruling, the grounds the plaintiff used to defend itself was
that the title was not transferred from the owner, and so it was unable to use
this as collateral to get a bank loan in order to liquidate the payment. The
plaintiff also said that it has already paid 20 million Br.

"Unsettled technical issues on how to transfer full ownership of a share company
to a private limited company kept us from settling full payment," said Mulugeta
Tesfatsion, major stakeholder in the transaction explained the deeper rationale
for the delayed payment to Fortune.

Upon hearing both sides, the court, on December 3rd, 2015, ordered Blue Nile
Investment PLc to pay 43.6 million Br plus 13pc of 29 million Br - a one-year
sales payment - until April 8, 2016. That works out as five years for the
defendant to conclude the payment.

In the same time frame, the court also ruled that the defendant must pay 71.5
million Br, plus nine per cent interest of 65 million Br of government shares.
Each year, a nine per cent interest should also be added to the corresponding
year's payment.

The company formed in partnership with the London-based equity firm, 8miles,
chaired by Bob Geldof and Mulugeta Tesfakiros, took ownership at the end of
2013, after offering close to 460 million Br and paying 35pc on the spot. The
remainder was promised within five years, but has failed at the very first
round.

The court passed the decision on March 15th, 2016 - a month before Meqelle
University gave Bob Geldof an honorary degree on April 25th, 2016. His honour
comes not particularly for his investments in the country, but for his
"outstanding humanitarian work and time tested friendship", according to the
release on the University's website.

Bob Geldof's footprints of aid and humanitarian workshifted when he brought 8
miles to the investment arena, two years ago. This came upon securing 51pc of
the partnership with Mulugeta Tesfakiros - the real estate mogul, engaged in
many other sectors, including hotel and resorts and Logistics services.

Mulugeta had tried to bid for winery in Ziway, 163km south of the capital more
than once before - alone and with other partners.

Awash was one of those state-owned enterprises that failed to attract bidders
able to offer the bottom seal of the price. Mulugeta was one of them. After two
failed attempts, his third shot in 2013, in partnership with 8miles, as Nile
investment Plc, hit the jackpot, offering 460 million Br.

The Awash Winery, known for making the country's wine industry a state-monopoly
for at least 70 years, had several times been turned down by both local and
foreign investors when the then privetization agency tabled it for auction and
negotiations, until it got handed over at the fifth attempt in November 2012.

As an incentive, the Privatisation Agency, this time around, included a 500ha
farm in Merti Jirsru - formerly belonging to the Upper Awash Agro Industry. This
farm, along with another 42ha plot in Ziway, previously supplied grapes to the
winery.

Currently, the winery is producing seven million litres of wine annually, under
12 brands, including the well-known Axumite, Gouder and Awash.

Mulugeta has stayed true to his words. Two years ago, he told Fortune that the
priority would be expanding the farm, and shareholders would not get any profit
until 2017. The Ministry, however, does not seem to be on the same page, having
claimed dividend and succeeded in obtaining it.

Blue Nile Investment, while the case was pending started settling the dividend
claim and paid close to 50 million Br until the end of March.

" Filing a court case was unnecessary and rushed decision" a source close to the
situation told Fortune. " Blue Nile investment owners and the new management of
the Ministry have decided to amicably sort out the issue, and almost reached a
consensus," he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 27, 2015

California Banks Prepare as Severe Drought Persists

BYLINE: Jackie Stewart

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18 Vol. 39 No. 26

LENGTH: 1186  words


While California's farmers watch the sky for rainfall, bankers in the state are
busy reviewing their risk-management practices to prepare for any fallout from
reduced water access.

California, currently in the fourth year of a drought, is feeling added pain
this year because of record low levels of snowpack in the Sierra Nevada, which
historically melts in the spring and fills the state's reservoirs.

The agricultural industry is currently exempted from water-usage restrictions
recently put in place by Gov. Jerry Brown. Still, banks are beginning to keep a
close eye on borrowers in water-intensive industries to make sure they are
prepared to weather the drought.

"Bankers are pragmatic folks and they've had their eye on this for a long time,"
said Curt Covington, senior vice president of agricultural finance at the
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp., also known as Farmer Mac. "No one is
panicking...but all bets are off if conditions don't improve in 2016."

California is a large crop producer, growing everything from almonds and walnuts
to strawberries and grapes. The state produces nearly half of the fruits, nuts
and vegetables grown in this country, according to the California Department of
Food and Agriculture.

But the severe drought has been challenging for farmers, while leaving some
banks, especially those heavily involved in ag lending, reviewing policies and
procedures and working with borrowers to make sure they have enough water to
sustain operations.

To be sure, not all farmers have been affected, as some areas of the state fare
better than others. The number of past-due loans secured by farmland are
"negligible," said a spokesman for the California Department of Business
Oversight, which oversees the state's banking industry.

So far, the drought hasn't "bitten that hard yet," said John Blanchfield, a
principal at Agricultural Banking Advisory Services and former senior vice
president at the American Bankers Association's Center for Agricultural and
Rural Banking. Still, current conditions have brought to light dangers for
industries, such as farming, in a state that is largely "water engineered," he
said. "The main source of repayment is the sale of crops grown," Blanchfield
added. "If there's anything that curtails the ability of the farmer to raise a
crop then that will lead to cash flow problems."

As a result, bankers need to keep an eye on borrowers' access to adequate water,
which is handled through a process called water budgeting, industry observers
said. Lenders should make sure that agricultural borrowers "have a sustainable,
legally protected water supply to begin or continue the operation being
financed," said Colleen Coyle, director of water services at Ponderosa Advisors.

A farmer's water supply can include access to water rights for irrigation, which
can involve surface water diverted from rivers through ditches and canals, along
with groundwater wells. Water rights in most states in the Western U.S. are
allocated based on the "prior appropriation" system, meaning "first in time is
first in right," Coyle said.

Water rights can be owned separately from land ownership, and can potentially be
severed and sold from the land, Coyle said. Vast amounts of irrigation water are
delivered through massive federal and state projects, taking water hundreds of
miles from wetter areas such as the Sierra Nevada to farms and cities in the
dryer southwestern parts of the state.

Prior appropriation - based on mining law dating back to the Gold Rush when
water needed to be separate from land ownership - means that water rights with
junior priorities may end up with reduced water supply - or none at all - in the
event of severe conditions, Coyle said. Many big irrigation projects have
curtailed or eliminated water distribution during the current drought.

Bankers need to understand what water rights are allocated to a farm and make
sure they secure those rights as part of the collateral, Coyle said. Otherwise,
a bank could end up with farmland - but no water rights - in cases of
foreclosure.

"I'm concerned that there's considerable exposure to lenders because water
rights haven't been consistently identified, evaluated, and secured as part of
the underwriting process," Coyle said. "If banks aren't looking at this, then
the drought is an excellent motivator to begin incorporating a review of water
rights into their work. If the water for agricultural operations isn't
sufficient or sustainable, then the value of the asset will erode."

More farmers are relying on groundwater as surface water for irrigation becomes
scarcer, industry experts said. Farmers are drilling more wells - and drilling
deeper - to hit water. There are limits, though, because water can become
saltier and brackish further down, Covington said.

Pumping out extreme amounts of water has also caused the soil to settle,
Blanchfield said.

Suncrest Bank in Visalia, Calif., is located in the San Joaquin Valley, which
has been harder hit by the drought than some other areas. Roughly 22% of the
$189 million-asset bank's loan book is secured by farm land, according to the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

The bank has always reviewed access to water as part of its underwriting, though
management has put additional measures in place to determine if borrowers can
sustain their operations, said Ciaran McMullan, Suncrest's president and chief
executive.

Suncrest, during the third quarter, started requiring borrowers to meet
debt-service coverage ratio tests, even with the added costs of drilling a new
well. Borrowers must provide well and pump tests annually and show that there is
at least an additional 200 feet of water accessible. The bank also has a drought
committee that meets quarterly to receive updates from water engineers and
hydrologists to determine what, if any, underwriting standards need adjusting.

The bank's borrowers should be fine right now, McMullan said, though a
persistent drought that lasts several more years could create repayment issues
for more farmers.

"At a general level, we're still lending and still doing business with
agriculture and farming," McMullen said. "The key test is your access to water,
and specifically your access to groundwater. No one has much surface water in
the San Joaquin Valley."

Bank of Feather River in Yuba City, Calif., is more fortunate. The vast majority
of its clients are in the Sacramento Valley, where water deliveries, while down,
are faring better than the San Joaquin Valley, Chief Credit Officer Jeff Cryer
wrote in a memo to the bank's board. Still, the lower level of snowpack and
added pumping has affected water levels.

The $75 million-asset bank has "stepped up due diligence on farm land loans and
crop-production loans regarding the source, cost, delivery style and quality of
the water farmers are using to irrigate with," Cryer wrote.

California banks are likely prepared to deal with some potential losses, said
Jeff Rigsby, president and chief executive of consulting firm CB Resource.
Experienced ag lenders, sensitive to how weather-related issues can influence
the industry, are prepared, he said.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 June 12, 1999

Stock ownership for top executives

BYLINE: By Pallavi Gogoi

SECTION: Appointments; Pg. 10-EX

LENGTH: 895 words


THE cry went up from management consultants and shareholders-rights
advocates a decade ago: Make executives buy stock in the companies they
run - big chunks of stock.

Nothing focuses the boss's attention on bottom-line results better than
stock-market returns, ownership advocates reasoned. Get top executives to
act more like owners than hired hands, and both they and shareholders
would reap big rewards.

While just a handful of big companies experimented with ownership
guidelines a decade ago, today 120 of the 200 largest US companies require
executives to buy and hold sizable blocks of stock, according to New York
pay consultant Pearl Meyer & Partners Inc.

A typical company requires executives to hold stock with a market value
equal to five times their base salary. Some require as much as 15 times.

But experts say there's less than meets the eye. While the number of
ownership programmes is on the rise, few are strictly enforced, and those
that are can cost shareholders a bundle. Ownership guidelines are
flourishing, many say, because they have the impression that companies are
doing something for shareholders.

"It is politically correct thing to have top management as top
stockholders, on the theory that they'll do the right thing," says Robert
Salwen, president of Executive Compensation Corp, a consulting firm in New
York.

But in practice, he says, "it's a classic example of the law of
unintended consequences."

For starters, the rules are seldom enforced.

"I would fall over backwards if the company fired someone for not
meeting guidelines," say Carol Bowie, director of publications at
Executive Compensation Advisory Services, a compensation consultant in
Springfield, Virginia.

To be sure, there are companies noncompliance. Caterpillar Inc, says in
its proxy statement that it will grant fewer stock options to executives
who fail meet ownership guidelines. Coca-Cola Enterprise Inc goes a step
further, stating that failure to comply will cost the Atlanta-based
bottler's executives all future stock options until they meet the
requirements.

But many companies simply extend deadlines or cut the requirements for
executives who do not comply. Other structure their ownership plans in
ways that leaves the executives with little to lose, no matter how the
company performs, a medical-products manufacturer in Deerfield, Illinois,
adopted a programme in 1994 in which it guaranteed US$122 million
personal bank loans with which 63 top executives bought company stock at
US$26 share, the market price at the time. The programme, which ended in
February this year, was a win-win deal for Baxter executives.

The company also agreed to reimburse them half of any losses on stock
held for at least three years, but it let them keep any stock-market
gains. Baxter stock has been trading recently in the high US$60.

Elaborate PR

Consultants say some ownership programmes are just elaborate public-
relations exercises. Campbell Soup Co's plan, adopted in 1993, set
ownership targets ranging from 1.5 times to three times base salary.

That was "below industry averages, and yet the company has in the past
bragged about them," says Alan Johnson, managing director of compensation
consultants Johnson & Associates in New York.

It's case of having guidelines "for the sake of PR," he says.

The Camden, New Jersey, food company has since raised the bar, reporting
in its 1998 proxy that the requirement now varied from three times base
salary or vice presidents seven times salary for the CEO.

Campbell also disputes Johnson's contentions that Campbell's
requirements were below industry averages when they were installed.

"To my knowledge, we were the first in our industry category to adopt
these guidelines," says Leonard Griehs, vice president of investor
relations at Campbell. Other note that RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp, in the
same industry group, adopted guidelines in 1993 for its top 163 executives
and set the ownership ratio for its chief executives at seven times base
salary.

Another problem with ownership guidelines: Implementation can cost
shareholders more than they bargain for.
Some companies grant piles of stock options with extremely low exercise
prices. The issuance of new stock to satisfy those options can dilute
shareholders value.

Others give executives huge loans to buy stocks, and then forgive the
loans. Eastman Kodak Co chief executive, George Fisher joined the
Rochester, New York, company in 1993, right after it adopted guidelines
requiring him to own Kodak stock with a market value four times his annual
base salary by the end of last year.

Fisher more than met the requirement: His base pay was US$2 million last
year, and his 168,040 Kodak shares have been valued recently at about
US$11 million.

But Fisher didn't spend a penny of his own to buy of those shares. His
employment contract included a five-year, US$8.2 million loan from Kodak
with which to buy company stock.

Kodak waived interest payments, then forgave the principal over a period
of five years. During the period that Fisher has been buying Kodak shares,
the price rose from around US$56 to US$94, then recently fell back to
US$65. - IT People

 The second part of the article will appear next Saturday.


LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Part 1.

            Copyright 1999 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              992 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

IBAA's Presidents Of the Future Strike Tenacious Attitude

                            March 11, 1986, Tuesday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


By his own admission, Tom Olson's Lisco State Bank, which serves a farm town of
about 200 in Nebraska, may not be the model of the future.

''The growth patterns for the bank have been limited,'' the friendly,
sandy-haired bank president says.

Yet next year, Mr. Olson is scheduled to become president of the Independent
Bankers Association of America. From that helm, the head of a family-owned, $10
million-asset bank will help shape national laws that will govern how banks
expand into new products and territories. And Mr. Olson will staunchly defend
states' rights to control borders, even arguing against regional banking
compacts. ''Too much centralization concerns me,'' he says.

Mr. Olson's views faithfully follow the association's long-held opposition to
any breach of interstate banking prohibitions. But more importantly, perhaps,
his position as heir to the association presidency signals that the trade group
is preparing to fight what Donald Senterfitt, the American Bankers Association
president who is himself fighting nationwide banking, calls destiny.

And the Independent Bankers Association's opposition to interstate banking will
not end when Mr. Olson steps down. Next in succession is Jonathan ''J.R.'' Nunn,
president of Citizens Bank of Tucumcari, N.M. Teasingly called the original
''J.R.,'' as in television's ''Dallas,'' this outspoken banker has angered even
some friends during the interstate debate.

Danny Skarda, president of United Bank of Lea County in Hobbs, N.M., counts Mr.
Nunn as a good friend, but nevertheless calls him ''dogmatic,'' ''selfish,'' and
''headstrong.'' When it comes to lobbying the New Mexico Legislature, Mr. Skarda
says, ''J.R. doesn't play fair.''

Mr. Nunn has no apologies. The only reason larger New Mexico banks want
interstate banking ''is because they want to sell out,'' he says. ''It's not for
the consumer.''

So far, Mr. Nunn and his New Mexico cohorts have staved off two assaults in
successive years by the expansion-minded bankers.

Mr. Skarda sees Mr. Olson's and Mr. Nunn's impending leadership of the nation's
second most influential banking lobby as a ''very unhealthy'' sign.  ''There's a
need to compromise,'' he says.

Mr. Olson, who is vice president of the association and will become
president-elect at this week's convention, and Mr. Nunn, who is scheduled to
become vice president, are of the opinion that compromise effectively
constitutes surrender.

Lisco, where the largest structure is the single-story American Legion building,
is a ''proud'' community that Mr. Olson likes to think is well-served by his
bank. ''I don't feel interstate banking serves the state the best,'' he says.
Battle Ahead in Congress

Making their case on Capitol Hill, where at least one banking committee has
already passed legislation calling for nationwide banking, will be an uphill
struggle.

One of the most onerous tasks has been defending chain banking - chains of banks
that often cross states but are controlled by a single owner.

Mr. Olson himself has a stake in several other banks. But he says that so long
as he discloses his ownership to regulators, this is a justifiable way to expand
his efforts, given the market limitations of his own bank.

Mr. Nunn echoes Mr. Olson's opinion, but is himself not a chain banker.  ''I can
just barely run this one,'' he says.

Rep. James Cooper, D-Tenn., whose state was rocked by the collapse of the
Butcher chain bank empire, has submitted a bill to require increased disclosure
of multibank ownership. He wants holdings of more than 5% to be disclosed in
documents available to the public. The Independent Bankers Association has
agreed in principal with public disclosure, but wants the disclosure threshold
set closer to 25%.

In a recent interview, Mr. Cooper said his bill is currently dormant. But
provisions could become part of any banking legislation approved this year.

The association will also be colliding with federal regulators on solutions to
the farm problem. It is a pressing concern for both Mr. Olson and Mr. Nunn. Some
50% of Mr. Nunn's loans are agricultural; most of Mr. Olson's are. Both run
their banks conservatively, maintaining capital at just under 12% of assets,
double the regulatory standard. But both think farm banks in general should be
accorded certain accounting privileges, such as the ability to stretch out loan
losses.

Federal Reserve Chairman Paul A. Volcker, however, resists offering accounting
relief. His solution: interstate banking. The nation's central banker says
interstate banking is the natural method for infusing capital into the
cash-thirsty farm markets.

Mr. Olson views interstate acquisitions as a way for the precious little capital
there is in the Farm Belt to escape to more lucrative targets.  A History of
Stability

These two independent bankers, who face a critical stage in the financial
services revolution, will bring to their presidencies a personal history of
stability.

The last thing the Independent Bankers Association needs is turmoil, which it
suffered in 1984 when its board passed over president-elect Paul H.  Bringgold
for the top spot after a well-hidden fray, an unprecedented action that angered
some members.

Reasons for that rejection have not been disclosed officially. Among those cited
unofficially, however, were personal differences with the leadership of the
association and a cease-and-desist order from the Comptroller of the Currency
against Mr. Bringgold's bank, First National Bank of Cannon Falls, Minn.

Mr. Olson, 50, has worked for Lisco State Bank since 1960. He joined the bank,
which has been in his family since 1930, upon his return from the Air Force,
where he controlled the budget at Sewart Air Force Base, near Nashville. His
first job at the bank was as a teller; he became president in 1975. One of his
three children is a banker with First National Bank of Lincoln in Lincoln, Neb.,
and another is an undergraduate at the University of Nebraska with his eyes on a
banking career.

Mr. Nunn, 59, has been president of Citizens for 22 years and has worked for
only one other bank. He also has three children, and is an avid golfer with a
handicap of 11.

''I played with him once at his course in Tucumcari,'' recalls a New Mexico
banking lobbyist. ''There were all these land tortoise th

SECTION: BACKPAGE; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 1057 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              993 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 1996 La Raza Law Journal
                              La Raza Law Journal

                                   Fall, 1996

                               9 La Raza L.J. 191

LENGTH: 1209 words

SYMPOSIUM COMMENTARY: The Development Roles of the Farm Workers Service Center

NAME: Leo Puig +

BIO:



   + Leo Puig is Executive Vice-President for the National Farm Workers Service
Center, Inc.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The National Farm Worker Service Center, Inc., (NFWSC) a non-profit
California corporation, has two divisions: housing and economic development. We
develop affordable housing and commercial projects. ...  Many people think of
farm worker housing as labor camps. ...  Our perception or idea of farm worker
housing is something you want to bring into the market area. Our farm worker
housing has tile roofs, stucco walls, tiled entryways, two or three pools,
central heating and cooling, and fans in all the bedrooms. It has laundry
facilities, recreation areas, and BBQ pits. ...  This is farmworker housing to
us! Our goal is to eliminate the old perception that farm worker housing is more
often than not labor camps. ... The other reason why there is a major obstacle
in providing farm worker housing is financing. Banks like Wells Fargo and Bank
of America take a lot of risk money to build a rural community. ... Lack of
funding or financing to individual farm workers is another reason why there is
minimal farm worker housing in the rural Southwest. ... Another big obstacle in
farm worker housing is just lack of capacity within ourselves. ...

TEXT:
 [*191]  The National Farm Worker Service Center, Inc., (NFWSC) a non-profit
California corporation, has two divisions: housing and economic development. We
develop affordable housing and commercial projects. The commercial development
plays an important role because what we really do is business development. We
set up businesses throughout the State, particularly for farm workers to get
them out of them fields, out of farm work. These businesses provide year-round
work and increase the economic base and diversity in rural communities.

   Another reason for our involvement in economic development is to eliminate or
remove the established monopolies that are existent in Southwestern rural
America. For example, gas prices in rural farmworker communities are generally
twenty to thirty percent higher than they are in urban communities. It is not
because the gas is different or because it costs the business owner more. It is
an issue of access to fewer facilities that provide gas, thereby creating a
monopoly, allowing those businesses to hike up prices that affect farm worker
populations.

   The NFWSC is essentially an advocacy non-profit group for farm workers;
however, it is also a business. Our business consists of development, general
contracting, and property management. To be a good business, we need to
understand the market for farm workers. We see the market to serve farm workers
to be in three different areas: recent arrivals, mainstream residents, and
permanent residents.

   The recent arrivals are the entry-level farm workers here from Mexico. They
are generally homeless and generally have no roots in the community. We plan to
address their needs by establishing a single group of programs for them, such as
a place where they can go to receive mail and a place to get referrals for other
services. Additionally, we are planning to include basic need areas, such as a
facility for cooking meals and a place where they can take a shower. This is an
idea we discussed with Cesar Chavez to try to establish a place of business
where these workers can go when they come to the United States.

   The second area of the market is the mainstream resident farm workers who are
generally looking for an apartment or somewhere more stable.  [*192]  Many
people think of farm worker housing as labor camps. We bring a different
approach to labor camps. Our perception or idea of farm worker housing is
something you want to bring into the market area. Our farm worker housing has
tile roofs, stucco walls, tiled entryways, two or three pools, central heating
and cooling, and fans in all the bedrooms. It has laundry facilities, recreation
areas, and BBQ pits. It is a safe, secure, gated community. This is farmworker
housing to us! Our goal is to eliminate the old perception that farm worker
housing is more often than not labor camps. We are attempting something
different, something more approachable, something that is more presentable to
the community. Our goal is service through self-help!

   The final area of the market is the permanent resident farm worker who is
looking for the American dream--single-family home ownership. Again, this
housing also has tile roofs, central heating and cooling, wall to wall
carpeting, etc. In the past, if you went to a rural community to try to buy a
house, you could not even pick out the colors of the house. Everything was
standardized. All the houses in the community looked alike, with few or not
amenities. Our job was to go to that same community and offer them an option. We
gave them tile roofs and all the things you would find in a market rate project.
It was important to give them choices and options.

   Providing housing for farm workers has presented us with obstacles.
Obviously, we have the legal ones; however, we have many more than that. They
fall under several categories: political, community, and financial. Some
municipalities do not want us in their community; they prefer us to be in other
rural communities, other cities. For example, a city council controlled by the
growers would prefer that we be somewhere else. They have often attempted to put
obstacles in our way to developing affordable housing for farm workers.

   Some community residents can also create obstacles because many have the
Not-In-My-Back-Yard (NIMBY) attitude. The last time I went to make a
presentation, before a city council, it was in the City of Hanford. There were
200 hundred people there. I tried to get into their community offering tile
roofs and the whole nine yards; but they were adamantly opposed to the idea that
farm workers would be living in their community.

   The other reason why there is a major obstacle in providing farm worker
housing is financing. Banks like Wells Fargo and Bank of America take a lot of
risk money to build a rural community. Once they decide to fund your project,
you may get opposition within the bank itself. On one particular project, we
secured funding for construction from Bank of America in Chicago. In a council
meeting, they (all of a sudden) got a call opposing the project.

   Lack of funding or financing to individual farm workers is another reason why
there is minimal farm worker housing in the rural Southwest.  [*193]  When it
comes to home ownership for farm workers, mortgage companies are the problem.
Farm workers tend to have multiple employers annually. So, why should a mortgage
agent deal with a farm worker who has much more paperwork, much more compliance,
than dealing with a client who has been working on one job for many years?
Additionally, banks discriminate against farm workers who do not have a savings
account; farm workers tend to keep their money at home. Consequently, when they
try to apply for a home loan, they do not have any proof that they saved the
money for the down payment. These issues facilitate rejections by banks for farm
worker home loans.

   Another big obstacle in farm worker housing is just lack of capacity within
ourselves. We recently took a recent trip to New Mexico, Texas, and Arizona and
you could not find a non-profit housing developer in any of those states.
Developers of affordable housing are just very few and far between. In the
entire Central Valley, there are only five. While working in San Francisco, I
observed advocates in every neighborhood trying to develop housing.

   In conclusion, I would ask the law students in the audience to consider going
into affordable housing when they conclude their studies and pass the bar. We
need attorneys for various reasons, one of which is to help us prepare the
packages for the lenders and for the cities. Because we develop projects
utilizing low income housing tax credits, we need attorneys who specialize in
tax law to help us. We also need lawyers to help us with business law and
contracts. We have contract agreements with all our subcontractors; we also have
joint ventures that require lengthy agreements. In addition, we need attorneys
to help us with civil rights cases. It is blatantly discriminatory when we are
not allowed to build in a community because of a NIMBY issue or because the
farmer controls the community. It is unfortunate when we are not allowed to
develop what we consider to be a great project.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawNonprofit Corporations & OrganizationsGeneral
OverviewEnergy & Utilities LawAntitrustGeneral OverviewEnergy & Utilities
LawOil, Gas & Mineral InterestsGeneral Overview


                              994 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                                 July 25, 2008

Has Silver Fern Farms done enough?

BYLINE: RURAL BUSINESS Hugh Stringleman

LENGTH: 965 words



HIGHLIGHT: Shareholders' equity and return on capital have improved 11% and 10%
respectively


After declaring its "rightsizing complete," meat industry leader Silver Fern
Farms awaits the judgment of its shareholders and the responses of its
competitors.

Some five weeks before its financial year-end on August 31, a combination of
debt repayment, plant closures and livestock procurement initiatives have
considerably strengthened the company.

The heroic restructuring efforts appear to have removed downside risks in
rejecting the PGG Wrightson offer and/or remaining apart from Alliance. Now
farmer-shareholders should be under consideration for the claimed benefits of
both moves for the necessity of doing something so radical.

The transformation of Primary Producers Co-operative Society (PPCS) into Silver
Fern Farms (SFF) is extraordinary in the modern history of the New Zealand meat
industry.

Fast footwork by the meat industry dinosaur has closed six operating sites,
reduced lamb killing capacity by five chains, rebranded the company, reformed
its livestock procurement and proposed either merging with its closest rival or
bringing in substantial outside capital.

After contending for Richmond earlier this decade, PPCS became in 2004 the
largest company in the meat industry 56 years after it was formed as a marketing
co-operative, without plant ownership.

Twenty six plants were acquired in 20 years, between 1984 and 2004; eight
processing mainly lamb and mutton, seven killing deer and producing venison, six
doing cattle and calves, three for by-products including pelts and skins and two
multi-species plants, Pareora (near Timaru) and Finegand (near Balclutha).

PPCS billed itself as a $2 billion a year company, employing 9000 people at
season peak to process the stock from 20,000 farms and sell the meat and
by-products around the world.

But from the top of the mountain the only way is down, and PPCS began to suffer
financial strains from the cost of the Richmond takeover and processing
overcapacity. It raised large sums on the bond market, with high interest rates,
and began to lose farmer loyalty and therefore stock throughput.

That was evident in its shrinking revenue and EU sheepmeats quota, shared out by
the Meat Board on the basis of rolling three-year throughput.

When Keith Cooper was appointed chief executive in February 2007, SFF needed to
review its business for transformation. In November, it announced Project
Rightsize by closing the Te Kauwhata venison plant and the Balclutha-based
Windward lamb skin processing.

Sheep and beef farmers showed their strong disappointment with poor returns by
replacing directors, including chairman Reese Hart and a former Federated
Farmers president, Alistair Polson. On leaving, Mr Hart announced a new name for
the company from mid-year, Silver Fern Farms, which is aspirational for vertical
integration, from the paddock to the plate.

Alliance rebuffed a merger proposal from SFF because it would be "commercially
unsound," which was code for high debt levels and mismatched farmer equities.
Alliance then attempted to bring 80% of lamb processing capacity under one
farmer-owned entity.

SFF objected to the disclosure requirements and the caveats of other companies
over beef facilities, while hatching its PGG Wrightson partnership proposal
behind the scenes (NBR, July 4). Closures of Oringi (lamb) and Burnside
(venison, cold storage and tannery) and partial closures of Silverstream (lamb
cutting) and Belfast, Canterbury (lamb) were announced.

Export deer slaughtering has fallen 50% from 750,000 head annually to 500,000.
Export lamb availability in 2008-09 is forecast to be down four to six million
head, or a 15-25% reduction.

Mr Cooper said the Belfast announcement was the final instalment of Project
Rightsize for 2008 and that SFF now believed it had the appropriate capacity for
the season ahead. It has projected total borrowing, bank loans and bonds, at
$230 million on August 31, down $100 million in 12 months and less than half of
its peak after the Richmond takeover.

But in this financial climate SFF must assume that bondholders will want to be
repaid, without recommitment, when its debt instruments mature; $50 million
early in 2009 and $75 million late in 2010. The injection of $220 million
capital by PGG Wrightson, in return for 50% ownership, should now address the
concerns Alliance had with a merger last year, Mr Cooper said.

"It creates the opportunity for Alliance to recommence merger discussions, which
can only benefit suppliers to the two co-operatives," he said.

However, it is also realistic to expect Alliance, and any other meat companies,
to await the result of the SFF September vote by rebate shareholders on the PGG
Wrightson proposal. They might also like to see the SFF full year result, which
will be published in November.

The trading aspects should be good because the second half has been flat-out,
processing large numbers for markets with rising prices. Gross margin on trading
has been projected at 20%, compared with 14% the year before.

Shareholders' equity has improved to 48% from 37% and return on capital to 10%.

SFF has moved to reassure farmers that the PGG Wrightson capital injection will
generate extra profitability through reduced funding costs of $18 million a
year. Some of that will be retained for re-investment and the balance split
between rebate suppliers and PGG Wrightson.

"Because SFF sets the payment structures, not only will we be competitive for
your livestock, but also we can ensure that the full market return will be paid
directly back to the farmer," chairman Eoin Garden said in a letter to
suppliers.

Confirmation of all the positive effects of restructuring and a fresh projection
of the end-of-year results should be contained in the business case for the PGG
Wrightson partnership, due out immediately.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              July 13, 2007 Friday

What's New? Million dollar showroom to open this fall

BYLINE: By Brook Stockberger Sun-News Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 648 words


LAS CRUCES   Have you noticed the building under construction on Amador Avenue,
just at the corner of Amador and Southgate? Well, the more than $1 million
project will be a new showroom for Morrison Supply, said Bill Bownds branch
manager for the company at it's Las Cruces facility at 291 S. 17 St.

Morrison Supply has more than 50 locations in New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma and
Louisiana. The company reports on its Web site   www.morsco.com   that it
distributes residential and commercial plumbing and air conditioning supplies,
pipes and valves. It also operates more than 30 residential plumbing showrooms
where customers can select from high-end faucets, fixtures and accessories.

Bownds said that the new showroom, which he hopes will be open in November,
gives the company much more showroom space in Las Cruces.

"It'll have 15,000 square feet doing what I have 800 square feet doing right
now," he said.

Just down Amador   on the other side of the road   from the new Morrison Supply
building, Ewing Irrigation has a new facility under construction.

Lacy Ravencraft, who works in public relations for Ewing, told me that "the new
facility will be 10,800 square feet, and is equipped with a classroom for
educational seminars that will be offered pertaining to various topics such as
irrigation troubleshooting, landscape lighting, etc."

She said that the projected opening date is Dec. 1, but that could change.

The company reports on its Web site that is has more than 160 branch locations
in 20 states. Its Las Cruces facility is located at 1820 W. Amador Ave.

According to its Web site   www.ewing1.com   the company offers landscape and
irrigation professionals a broad range of products. "All major brands of
irrigation products are stocked in our branch locations," the company reports.

Habitat for Humanity scheduled a grand opening event last week for its new
ReStore here in Las Cruces.

Across the nation, various chapters of Habitat for Humanity have opened these
stores. The locations sell building materials and products that have been
donated by businesses or individuals.

The profits from the sales are used to fund Habitat For Humanity.

The Mesilla Valley Habitat for Humanity ReStore opened its doors in June at 2301
S. Main St.

According to material provided by the group, the ReStore, "is a building
material reuse and surplus center open to the public ... Some of the (donated)
materials may be used to build Habitat homes. The rest will be sold to the
public at up to 75 percent off the retail price."

For those who do not know, Habitat for Humanity, "is a nonprofit, ecumenical
Christian housing ministry ... Habitat invites people of all backgrounds, races
and religions to build houses together in partnership with families in need."

The Mesilla Valley group was founded in 1987. It asks that donated materials be
new or gently-used building materials in good and usable condition as well as
new or like-new appliances, furnishings in good condition and/or cash gifts.

For more information, call 202-4508.

Do you want to be a farmer but fear you do not have the money to do so? The
United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency announced that it
is offering loans "designed to help farmers purchase and operate family farms,"
the agency announced last week.

According to a release from the USDA, these loans, known as Socially
Disadvantaged Applicant Loans, are part of an effort "to help reverse the
declining number of farmers and ranchers across the United States and to
encourage and assist them in owning and operating their own farms and ranches,"
according to a release.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA and include both farm operating and
farm ownership loans.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through FSA's Las Cruces
office. Call 522-8775 for information.

Brook Stockberger can be reached at bstockberger@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        July 14, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Tata Power Successfully Achieves Financial Closure for its 95 MW Tsitsikamma
Wind Farm Project in South Africa

LENGTH: 491  words


New Delhi, July 14 -- Tata Power, India's largest integrated power company today
announced the successful financial closure for its 95 MW Tsitsikamma Wind Farm
Project in South Africa Joint Venture Company with Exxaro, Cennergi (Pty.) Ltd.
The Company had recently also announced the successful financial closure of its
135 MW Amakhala Emoyeni Wind Farm Project in South Africa.  The Company was
selected as the 'preferred bidder' for 230 MW wind farms- 135 MW Amakhala
Emoyeni Wind Farm Project and the 95 MW Tsitsikamma Wind Farm Project by the
Department of Energy, Government of South Africa in 2012.



Cennergi has successfully tied up the entire debt requirement through Nedbank.
The signing of financing agreements was completed on June 5th, 2013. The Company
also completed pre-disbursement conditions under the financing agreements for
availing Interim Disbursement and received the first loan disbursement on June
28th, 2013. The project of approximately Rand 2905 million is being funded
through a debt equity mix of 75:25. The project financing comprises of equity of
Rand 726 million and Rand Term Loans of 2179 million.

With this, the Company attained financial closure of both its wind projects, 95
MW Tsitsikamma Wind Farm Project and 135 MW Amakhala Emoyeni Wind Farm Project.
Tata Power announced the successful financial closure for its 135 MW Amakhala
Emoyeni Wind Farm Project through its South African Joint Venture Company with
Exxaro, Cennergi (Pty.) Ltd. in the month of June 2013.

The wind projects will be located in Eastern Cape, South Africa and are expected
to achieve commercial operations in 2016. Power Purchase Agreements and
Implementation Agreements for these projects were signed with Eskom and
Department of Energy, Government of South Africa respectively on May 9th, 2013.

Cennergi is 50:50 Joint Venture between South Africa's Exxaro Resources Limited
("Exxaro") and The Tata Power Company Limited ("Tata Power").

Speaking on the announcement, Mr. Anil Sardana, Chairman Cennergi & Managing
Director, Tata Power, stated, "We are pleased to complete the financial closures
for both our Wind Projects in South Africa. The signing of the financing
agreements is a significant milestone for the project, and we take this
opportunity to thank our investors who have once again shown faith in Tata
Power".

Cennergi, based in South Africa, focuses on the investigation of feasibility,
development, ownership, operation, maintenance, acquisition, and management of
electricity generation projects in South Africa, Botswana, and Namibia. The
initial project pipeline focuses on renewable energy projects in Southern Africa
and Cennergi's strategy is to create a balanced portfolio of generation assets.

Cennergi aims to be the leading cleaner energy independent power producer (IPP)
in Southern Africa, serving an expanding energy market. The Company's diverse
project portfolio confirms its commitment to both people and planet.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved
