
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 17, 2008 Tuesday

BRIEF: Staunton Creative Community Fund receives federal grant

BYLINE: Jimmy LaRoue, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


Jun. 17--The Staunton Creative Community Fund today received a $96,500 federal
grant, which is expected to provide technical assistance and training to small
and emerging businesses in the city and surrounding localities. The grant takes
effect July 1.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant comes from the Virginia office of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development.

As part of its first major initiative, the Staunton Microloan Fund announced
that it had awarded a $5,000 microloan to Charlie Cubbage, owner of Charlie's
Tool Repair, which repairs power tools for contractors, school districts and
other businesses.

"This is a good time to invest in our small communities," said Staunton Mayor
Lacy King.

Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Roanoke), who helped facilitate the federal grant, was on
hand for the announcement.

"With the awarding of this grant, and its partnerships with other entities, SCCF
is building entrepreneurial develop-ment opportunities for emerging small
businesses that will assist business owners working to turn their dreams into
viable, sustainable parts of our local economy," Goodlatte said.

To see more of The News Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsvirginian.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News Virginian,
Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080617-NX-BRF-Staunton-Creative-Community-Fund-receives-federal-grant-0617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2008 The News Virginian


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Moscow Times

                                 June 20, 2005

IFC Lends Support to Microloans in Russia

BYLINE: Anna Smolchenko

SECTION: No. 3190

LENGTH: 440 words


Staff Writer

The International Finance Corporation, the World Bank's private lending unit,
signed its first deal to support microloans in Russia on Friday. The $ 1 million
loan to the Russian Women's Microfinance Network is intended to support hundreds
of microloans -- on average $ 1,500 each -- to entrepreneurs without the
collateral to qualify for traditional bank loans.

"For us this is a very interesting project targeting segments of the population
that are not being served," said Alireza Zavar, head of financial markets for
Central and Eastern Europe at the IFC. "The amount that you provide is small,
but the impact is great." Although there are more than 1,200 banks in Russia,
small and medium-sized enterprises often find it difficult to obtain affordable
loans. And even as banks increasingly reach out to entrepreneurs in the regions,
it is still not very lucrative to target entrepreneurs in small towns and
villages.

According to the Russian Microfinance Center, 80 percent of the country's 6
million small businesses are in need of microcredits ranging from $ 300 to $
10,000. Total demand for loans is between $ 5 billion and $ 7 billion, with a
supply of only $ 1 billion, the center said.

The Women's Microfinance Network, which in the past relied exclusively on grants
for its funding, has given 37,000 loans -- totaling $ 44 million -- to some
6,000 entrepreneurs since 1999.

Now, having received the IFC loan, the network is becoming a bona fide business.
The annual interest rate on the loan will be between 3 percent and 5 percent,
Zavar said.

The network focuses on small businesses in central Russia, with 65 percent of
its clients being women, who generally have less access to conventional bank
loans.

As the network grew, it boosted the average loan from $ 300 to $ 1,500, and it
has almost no bad debt, said Diana Medman, the organization's founder and
chairwoman.

Medman chalked up the network's success to the fact that women are reluctant to
take out loans -- and when they do, they make sure they pay them back.

Analysts welcomed the IFC deal, saying it was in line with a current global
trend for nonprofit organizations to ramp up operations and become profitable
businesses.

"Banks are aware of competition and should upgrade their financial products,"
said Aldo Moauro, director of Microfinanza Rating, a Milan-based agency that
rates microfinancial institutions around the world.

"There is no reason for the network not to be successful if it occupies a
specific niche and is run well," said Andrew Keely, a banking analyst with
Renaissance Capital.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 2005 Independent Press


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Programme summary of Yekaterinburg's Channel Four TV news 1430 gmt 4 Dec 13

LENGTH: 389 words


Presenter of "Novosti. Itogi Dnya" news: Veronika Medvedeva.

1. 0020 Headlines over video: two offices of microloans held up in
Yekaterinburg; new funding scheme of out-patient clinics; jump from Iset tower;
and duck with injured wing rescued in central Yekaterinburg.

2. 0115 An armed man dressed as a woman has held up two offices of microloans in
Yekaterinburg taking R95,000 (around 2,800 dollars at the current exchange
rate). Video shows CCTV footage of the robbery; employees of the office speaking
about the details of the crime; police officers showing the identikit of the
suspected criminal. An investigation is under way.

3. 0410 The commission for local government has discussed the 2014 budget for
Yekaterinburg, in particular the culture-related items. About R1.3bn (around 39m
dollars at the current exchange rate) will be allocated to the cultural sector.
Wages of the cultural sector employees will rise in 2014 and will amount to
R20,500.

4. 0540 A new funding scheme of out-patient clinics is to be introduced in
Sverdlovsk Region as of 1 January 2014. The clinics will receive money for all
patients registered with a clinic. The sum of the budget of the territorial
medical insurance fund is to increase by 4 per cent and will amount to R44bn
(around 1.32bn dollars at the current exchange rate).

5. 0715 A famous Yekaterinburg basejumper has jumped from the Iset tower in the
city.

6. 0835 A video report on local retired coaches.

7. 1110 A duck with an injured wing has been rescued in central Yekaterinburg.

8. 1205 Midway headlines; commercials.

9. 1555 A child has died as a result of a head-on collision near Serov. Video
report.

10. 1630 A charity-driven report to raise funds for a girl with a serious heart
and lung disease.

11. 1945 Colonels and general are taking part in a drill near Pervouralsk. Under
the scenario, they had to fight with a group of criminals who tried to capture a
village. Video report.

12. 2025 Prominent Yekaterinburg theatre director Nikolay Kolyada has celebrated
his 56th birthday.

13. 1430 A report on the New Year budget of Russians. They are expected to spend
about R19,000 (around 570 dollars at the current exchange rate) on presents,
food and entertainment.

14. 2615 Adverts; weather.

15. 3000 End of news bulletin.

Source: Channel Four TV, Yekaterinburg, in Russian 1430 gmt 4 Dec 13

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

FSA administrator visits two Hinsdale farms

BYLINE: By Domenic Poli dpoli@reformer.com @dpoli_reformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


Photo Gallery | USDA FSA Administrator visits Hinsdale

HINSDALE, N.H.   Val Dolcini recently added two Hinsdale farms to the
agricultural enterprises he has visited   a list that will grow to 32 states by
week's end.

The administrator of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency,
Dolcini is on a tour of New England farms and he stopped by Echo Farms and
Wingate Farm on Aug. 19 to tour the businesses, discuss the issues important to
area farmers and talk about the Agricultural Act of 2014. He started his trip in
Vermont on Monday and is visiting New Hampshire and Massachusetts before ending
the week in Maine.

He and others toured Echo Farm, which specializes in producing pudding, at 573
Chesterfield Road before driving to Wingate Farm at 941 Northfield Road. Beth
Hodge, who co-owns Echo Farm with her sister Courtney, gave Dolcini a one-hour
tour that included a look at the dairy cows, the production center, and where
they store bales of cotton. Hodge explained the farm receives cotton from a mill
in Colrain, Mass., and uses it for bedding for the cows. She said she uses five
700-pound bales every other day   which equates to a tractor-trailer load every
three weeks.

Dolcini sampled some chocolate pudding, which he said was excellent, and told
the Reformer how pleased he is to see businesses like Echo.

"This is another great example of a small New England operation that really
works and they do it by diversifying a little bit and she has found a
value-added niche with the pudding production and sounds like she's doing a
great job," he said.

Hodge told the Reformer the farm started in 1997. She mentioned all excess milk
goes to Agri-Mark, a cooperative that owns Cabot Creamery.

Dolcini said the USDA has issued 15,000 microloans to small farmers since
Feburary 2013   and Wingate Farm was one of those recipients. Susan
Parke-Sutherland, a business partner with siblings Olivia and James Pettengill
at Wingate Farm, said the farm just closed on a loan of roughly $10,000.

"I'm not sure what we would have done without the microloan from them," she
said. "Because we're just not really super familiar with the financial world and
going to a bank and asking them for a loan. I'm sure we could have done that
it probably would have been much more difficult."

Wingate Farm   which sells produce, eggs, pork, chicken and flowers   has also
gotten loan money from the New Hampshire Community Loan Fund. Charlene Andersen,
the manager of business education at the loan fund, was present for the tour
that showcased meat chickens, pigs, egg-laying chickens, and growing produce.

Dolcini spoke with Parke-Sutherland and Olivia Pettengill throughout the tour
and then thanked them for their time before taking off.

"It's a good example of the USDA teaming with private entities like the
Community Loan Fund to support beginning farmers like Olivia and Susie build
their own version of the American dream," he said. "When I go around the
country, I said that we're really in the American Dream business."

Contact Domenic Poli at 802-254-2311, ext. 277.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Parke-Sutherland, co-owner of Wingate Farm in Hinsdale, N.H.,
talks about Microloans Program with USDA FSA Administrator Val Dolcini during a
visit to the farm to discuss issues important to New Hampshire farmers.
Beth Hodge, owner of Echo Farm & Puddings in Hinsdale, N.H., talks to USDA FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini.
Beth Hodge, owner of Echo Farm & Puddings in Hinsdale, N.H., talks to USDA FSA
Administrator Val Dolcini while he tries some pudding.
Susan Parke-Sutherland of Wingate Farm with USDA FSA Administrator Val Dolcini.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             October 6, 2008 Monday
                               1 - State Edition

MICROLOANS NAB hits $1.6m

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 68  words


NATIONAL Australia Bank will fund another $100 million of microloans to extend
its current $30 million commitment.

Chief executive Ahmed Fahour said demand for the loans remained sufficiently
high to scale up the bank's involvement.

The bank has written $1.6 million in microloans with an average of $15,000. They
are used to fund business start-ups by low-income earners and cost the bank 15c
per dollar lent.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Builder dedicates state's first Home for Hope

BYLINE: BY TIM FALL

SECTION: REAL_ESTATE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 525 words


YUKON - In the Dominican Republic, a $145 microloan enabled a woman to open a
small store, where she repackages bulk goods into smaller, convenient portions
and sells them for a profit.In West Africa, a microloan recipient used a $55
investment to go from subsisting on a few chickens to operating a successful
poultry farm.With one small financial boost at a time, Hope International - a
Lancaster, Pa.-based nonprofit organization founded by homebuilder Jeff Rutt -
has been "empowering the poor to pursue their dreams" in the developing world
since its founding in 1997.This week, Ideal Homes of Norman dedicated the
state's first Home for Hope, a project house built to benefit Hope
International's continuing outreach.The house, at 13209 SW 5 in Yukon's Somer's
Pointe addition, is a cozy three-bedroom, two-bath, 2,013-square-foot layout
with a Craftsman bungalow look, reflecting the prevailing style of the
neighborhood. The home lists for $219,000.Ideal Homes founding partner Vernon
McKown said he is proud of the way his company was able to focus its in-house
resources to create a house that will have such far-reaching impact on the
needy.Jack Nulty, executive director of Homes for Hope, said his organization
had been "looking for a builder who was willing to reach out" and for whom
"charitable giving was part of the company's culture.""Ideal Homes was a perfect
partner for us," Nulty said.Steve Shoemaker, vice president of sales for Ideal
Homes, said that since Ideal Homes' creation in 1990, "We've always targeted
donating 5 percent of our profits to charities like the (American) Cancer
Society and United Way."Ideal Homes' newest commitment - $25,000 to Homes for
Hope, which Shoemaker said is not contingent on the sale of the house -
represents the first step the company has taken for global causes."The entire
company is really behind this project," Shoemaker said.

"If we work behind a desk or on a job site, this lets us feel like we're really
reaching out."Homes for Hope reaches out to 16 countries in Africa, Asia, Latin
America and Eastern Europe, Nulty said."We've impacted in excess of 650,000
families around the world," he said.Rutt conceived of Homes for Hope in 1998,
inviting builders to make donations to empower fellow entrepreneurs in
developing countries and provide sustainable solutions to poverty.Rutt, who
began his charitable work as a missionary worker in Ukraine following the
collapse of the Soviet Union, said he soon learned that charitable gifts alone
led to locals becoming dependent upon the gifts instead of working to provide
for their own needs.He was introduced to the concept of microfinance and applied
the tool "with great success" in Ukraine and subsequently around the world.With
loans ranging from less than $100 to about $2,000 at the top end, Hope
International has a repayment rate of 96 percent. To date, the organization has
issued 1.5 million loans in the developing world.McKown said Ideal Homes will
continue to support local charities, but "Homes for Hope allows us to have an
impact beyond our own community, to help eliminate poverty in areas of need
throughout the world."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Ideal Homes of Norman dedicates Oklahoma's first Home for Hope

BYLINE: BY TIM FALL, For The Oklahoman

SECTION:

LENGTH: 525 words


YUKON - In the Dominican Republic, a $145 microloan enabled a woman to open a
small store, where she repackages bulk goods into smaller, convenient portions
and sells them for a profit.In West Africa, a microloan recipient used a $55
investment to go from subsisting on a few chickens to operating a successful
poultry farm.With one small financial boost at a time, Hope International - a
Lancaster, Pa.-based nonprofit organization founded by homebuilder Jeff Rutt -
has been "empowering the poor to pursue their dreams" in the developing world
since its founding in 1997.This week, Ideal Homes of Norman dedicated the
state's first Home for Hope, a project house built to benefit Hope
International's continuing outreach.The house, at 13209 SW 5 in Yukon's Somer's
Pointe addition, is a cozy three-bedroom, two-bath, 2,013-square-foot layout
with a Craftsman bungalow look, reflecting the prevailing style of the
neighborhood. The home lists for $219,000.Ideal Homes founding partner Vernon
McKown said he is proud of the way his company was able to focus its in-house
resources to create a house that will have such far-reaching impact on the
needy.Jack Nulty, executive director of Homes for Hope, said his organization
had been "looking for a builder who was willing to reach out" and for whom
"charitable giving was part of the company's culture.""Ideal Homes was a perfect
partner for us," Nulty said.Steve Shoemaker, vice president of sales for Ideal
Homes, said that since Ideal Homes' creation in 1990, "We've always targeted
donating 5 percent of our profits to charities like the (American) Cancer
Society and United Way."Ideal Homes' newest commitment - $25,000 to Homes for
Hope, which Shoemaker said is not contingent on the sale of the house -
represents the first step the company has taken for global causes."The entire
company is really behind this project," Shoemaker said.

"If we work behind a desk or on a job site, this lets us feel like we're really
reaching out."Homes for Hope reaches out to 16 countries in Africa, Asia, Latin
America and Eastern Europe, Nulty said."We've impacted in excess of 650,000
families around the world," he said.Rutt conceived of Homes for Hope in 1998,
inviting builders to make donations to empower fellow entrepreneurs in
developing countries and provide sustainable solutions to poverty.Rutt, who
began his charitable work as a missionary worker in Ukraine following the
collapse of the Soviet Union, said he soon learned that charitable gifts alone
led to locals becoming dependent upon the gifts instead of working to provide
for their own needs.He was introduced to the concept of microfinance and applied
the tool "with great success" in Ukraine and subsequently around the world.With
loans ranging from less than $100 to about $2,000 at the top end, Hope
International has a repayment rate of 96 percent. To date, the organization has
issued 1.5 million loans in the developing world.McKown said Ideal Homes will
continue to support local charities, but "Homes for Hope allows us to have an
impact beyond our own community, to help eliminate poverty in areas of need
throughout the world."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Microloan Foundation

                       1 Canal Court 152-154 High Street
                               Brentford tw8 8ja
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +44 20 8827 1691
URL: www.microloanfoundation.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We provide small loans (otherwise known as microloans), basic business
training and continuing guidance to groups of women in sub-Saharan Africa. This
enables them to develop self-sustainable livelihoods, feed, clothe and educate
their families, and work their way out of the poverty trap. We now have nine
offices in Malawi and have made microloans to over 7,000 women. We have just
established an office in Zambia, and are beginning to examine possibilities in
Namibia.  We are also active in the Phillippines, where we support the
activities of the Phillipines Self Help Foundation.  Our Patrons are Bob Geldof
KBE, The Bishop of Kensington and Gabby Logan.  Find out more with Frequently
Asked Questions.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Emphasis on
military veterans and limited-resource farmers

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA)
announced more than $18 million in grants to educate, mentor, and enhance the
sustainability of the next generation of farmers. The grants are available
through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP)
administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), which was
authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           September 23, 2008 Tuesday

Farmers' Aid

BYLINE: By JON POTTER, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1024 words


BRATTLEBORO -- In a 70-year career that has seen him blacklisted as acommunist
and honored by the president, Pete Seeger has lifted his voice forthe labor
movement, the peace movement, the environmental movement and aslew of other
causes.

On Friday, he was in town lending voice to another worthy group -- theregion's
farmers.

Tonight, Seeger will perform at the Latchis Theatre, joined by his grandson,Tao
Rodriguez-Seeger, and longtime friend Guy Davis, to benefit TheStrolling of the
Heifers' new Microloan Fund for New England Farmers. Theconcert is sold out.

The three warmed up their voices by speaking to the media Friday afternoonat the
Vermont Agricultural Business Education Center.

"It's a worldwide problem," Seeger said, of the need to help farmers. "I'mnow
convinced that if we're going to solve worldwide problems, we've got todo it
locally."

Much of the rest of the press conference featured variations on this theme
--thinking globally and acting locally. But like the old choruses and
versesSeeger has sung again and again, the familiar slogan took on new
resonance.

"It really defies description how music can help," said Davis, a veteranblues
musician and Seeger family friend. "This concert is not going solvethe problem.
It will create another little bubble of awareness. ... It takeshuman
understanding to make a good thing happen."

What will happen as a result of tonight's concert -- and one held Fridaynight in
Lebanon, N.H. -- is the creation of a fund to allow New Englandfarmers access to
microloans.

"Farmers right now cannot borrow money," said Orly Munzing, executivedirector of
the Strolling of the Heifers.Microloans provide funds on a small-scale -- from
$1,000 to $10,000initially, Munzing said -- to help farmers invest in
establishing orimproving their businesses, upgrading equipment or dealing with
emergencies.

The two concerts, along with grants from the Thomas Thompson Trust and
GreenMountain Coffee Roasters should provide $100,000 to start the
microloanfund, Munzing said. Repayment of the loans and other fundraising will
helpthe fund grow over time.

The need for the fund grew out of conversations Munzing has had with
localfarmers.

"It's easier for a farmer to borrow money in India than it is in the
UnitedStates," Munzing said.

Seeger, Davis and Rodriguez-Seeger have lent their support to farmersbefore,
most recently earlier this summer with concerts in Canada to helpfarmers there
start a seed bank.

"The most satisfying times I've had on the stage have been when I knowthere's a
reason for being here beyond a paycheck," Rodriguez-Seeger said.

The musicians were happy to find another way to help farmers and happy topartner
with The Strolling of the Heifers.

"One of the beautiful things about this organization is it's an example ofgood
democracy in action," said Rodriguez-Seeger of Strolling of theHeifers. "You
can't walk around the world with a checkbook and say we'regoing to solve all
your problems without asking people what they need."

Whether it's microloans, seeds or something else, farmers need help,
themusicians said.

"We're here because of the need for an organization that would at leastpromote
some awareness about where food comes from and how it gets to thetable," Davis
said.

"It's about education," Rodriguez-Seeger said. "It's not a lack of will
thatmakes people eat poorly. It's a lack of information."

At times, the musicians' comments grew as dire as the things in the worldseem to
be. At one point, Seeger said "I think we have a 50/50 chance ofthere being a
human race here in a hundred years."

But hope came through, as well, particularly when the talk turned to whatthe
musicians do best -- make music.

"Don't give up. God only knows what the future's going to be, but if you getin
there and do it, who knows what will happen," Seeger said. "You get agang of
people singing with you and you raise the roof a little and maybeyou have a
little hope."

Though he's known for writing the songs "If I Had a Hammer," "Where Have Allthe
Flowers Gone" and "Turn! Turn! Turn," and for a career in music thatspanned
seven decades, Seeger never intended to be a musician.

He wanted to be a journalist but couldn't find a job during the Depressionand
instead turned to a life of crime. Crime?

He told the story of how his aunt, a schoolteacher, got him a gig playingsongs
in a school and offered to pay him $5.

"Five dollars? Just for having fun for an hour. It seems like stealing,"
herecalled.

From there, his career in music was born. He worked as assistant to folkmusic
archivist Alan Lomax and co-founded his first group, The AlmanacSingers, in
1940. Woody Guthrie joined them for a time.

After service in the Army, Seeger joined The Weavers, and the band became
themost popular singing group in America. They were blacklisted during the
RedScare in the 1950s. He refused to answer questions before Joseph
McCarthy'sHouse Un-American Activities Committee and was eventually indicted on
10counts of contempt of Congress. His conviction on those chargers
wasoverturned, but he was banned from television for 17 years.

His career continued -- he introduced the song "We Shall Overcome" to
MartinLuther King Jr. In 1994, he received the Presidential Medal of the Arts
fromBill Clinton. There is an online campaign to nominate him for the NobelPeace
Prize.

"I used to think of myself as a radical; now I think that I'm probably themost
conservative man around," said Seeger, now 89. "If I'd been there whenthey were
inventing the wheel, I would have said, 'Don't.'"

Tao Rodriguez-Seeger is the grandson of Pete and Toshie Seeger and amusician
with a following in his own right, both solo and with The Mammals.He began
performing with his grandfather as a teenager. Davis is an author,actor and
playwright, in addition to being a blues musician. He has releaseda dozen CDs.

The Strolling of the Heifers has partnered with the Carrot Project, aSomerville,
Mass., -based nonprofit with a similar focus on helping farmersin New England.
The Carrot Project will process the microloan applicationsand facilitate the
loans.

For more information, visit www.thestrollingoftheheifers.com
orwww.thecarrotproject.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Borough has magic touch for funding

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 131 words


NEW data from the managers of the North East Microloan Fund has shown that
companies in the South Tyneside area are more successful in applying for funding
than those from other areas of the North East.

Rivers Capital Partners, which manages the £7.5m North East Microloan Fund,
found that applications for loans from companies based in South Tyneside were
almost 14% more likely to be accepted than the regional average, with 54.5% of
them being successful in securing investment.

Rivers Capital has managed the Microloan Fund, which since it was established in
2011 has invested in 225 established SMEs and 222 start-ups. When it took over
managing the fund Rivers Capital pledged to do more to help established SMEs, in
addition to the start-ups the fund had been used to help previously.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           March 31, 2010, Wednesday

KISRA to provide small business loans

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P8

LENGTH: 156 words


The Institute-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is now
certified to provide small business loans under the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Microloan program.

According to a press release from KISRA, it is the only SBA-certified statewide
microlender in West Virginia.

The microloan program provides financial assistance to women, low-income
individuals, minority entrepreneurs and other small businesses that need
financial assistance from $5,000 to $35,000.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas who generally
do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger SBA guaranteed loans.

The mission of the SBA is to aid, counsel, assist and promote the interests of
small businesses by providing financial, procurement and business development
assistance and advocating on their behalf within the government. All SBA
programs are extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          February 17, 2010, Wednesday

KISRA to provide small business loans

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P6

LENGTH: 156 words


The Institute-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is now
certified to provide small business loans under the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Microloan program.

According to a press release from KISRA, it is the only SBA-certified statewide
microlender in West Virginia.

The microloan program provides financial assistance to women, low-income
individuals, minority entrepreneurs and other small businesses that need
financial assistance from $5,000 to $35,000.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas who generally
do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger SBA guaranteed loans.

The mission of the SBA is to aid, counsel, assist and promote the interests of
small businesses by providing financial, procurement and business development
assistance and advocating on their behalf within the government. All SBA
programs are extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          January 27, 2010, Wednesday

KISRA to provide small business loans

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P5

LENGTH: 156 words


The Institute-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is now
certified to provide small business loans under the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Microloan program.

According to a press release from KISRA, it is the only SBA-certified statewide
microlender in West Virginia.

The microloan program provides financial assistance to women, low-income
individuals, minority entrepreneurs and other small businesses that need
financial assistance from $5,000 to $35,000.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas who generally
do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger SBA guaranteed loans.

The mission of the SBA is to aid, counsel, assist and promote the interests of
small businesses by providing financial, procurement and business development
assistance and advocating on their behalf within the government. All SBA
programs are extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          January 20, 2010, Wednesday

KISRA to provide small business loans

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P7

LENGTH: 156 words


The Institute-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is now
certified to provide small business loans under the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Microloan program.

According to a press release from KISRA, it is the only SBA-certified statewide
microlender in West Virginia.

The microloan program provides financial assistance to women, low-income
individuals, minority entrepreneurs and other small businesses that need
financial assistance from $5,000 to $35,000.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas who generally
do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger SBA guaranteed loans.

The mission of the SBA is to aid, counsel, assist and promote the interests of
small businesses by providing financial, procurement and business development
assistance and advocating on their behalf within the government. All SBA
programs are extended to the public on a non-discriminatory basis.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            February 5, 2007 Monday

Volunteers needed for MicroLoan Foundation

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 91 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


A Chiswick charity, which has given thousands of small loans to help people in
African countries, is looking for extra volunteers.

The MicroLoan Foundation will hold an informal volunteers drinks evening at
Carvosso's on Chiswick High Road on February 7, from 7pm onwards.

Amy Fairbairn, of the MicroLoan Foundation, said: "We're lucky enough to have a
great group of volunteers, but we can always use more."

Visit microloanfoundation.org.uk and to register your interest, email
tom.hall@microloanfoundation.org.uk or phone Tom on 020 8996 1730.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1995 Howard University
                               Howard Law Journal

                                   Fall, 1995

                                39 How. L.J. 337

LENGTH: 14899 words

COMMENT: Community Development Lite:
An Economic Analysis of the Community Development Financial Institutions Act

NAME: Christopher Jordan Heisen *

BIO:



   * Christopher Heisen is a recent graduate of the Law School at the University
of Chicago. He is presently an associate with the law firm of O'Melveny and
Myers in Los Angeles.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Imagine Senator Donald Riegle and Representative Henry Gonzales persuading
their colleagues to vote for the Community Development Financial Institutions
Act bill, legislation to create a program designed to revitalize distressed
communities through enhanced credit availability. ...  This Part surveys three
types of CDFIs that the direct investment program would support: community
development banks, community development credit unions, and community
development loan funds. ...  Since each CDFI applicant must attract matching
funds for a government grant, the applicant not only must convince the
Administrator that its performance deserves funding, but must also convince
private institutions to invest in their programs based on that same information.
...  CDFIs can avoid compliance costs simply by not applying for funding. ...
It would be perverse if the Act's compliance costs were high enough to deter
CDFIs from applying to participate in the program for helpful government
investments or if rigorous compliance tasks diverted too much CDFI time and
resources away from community development projects. ...  The Treasury Department
made clear that commercial bank investment in CDFIs through the CDFI program
would not automatically count toward the bank's CRA credit. ...  Yet, many CDFIs
have expressed a strong desire that federal banking agencies grant CRA credit to
banks that invest in CDFI. ...  An obvious candidate for elimination is NCUA's
revolving loan fund program for community development credit unions. ...

TEXT:
 [*337]

   INTRODUCTION


    Imagine Senator Donald Riegle and Representative Henry Gonzales persuading
their colleagues to vote for the Community Development Financial Institutions
Act bill,  n1 legislation to create a program designed to revitalize distressed
communities through enhanced credit availability. C-SPAN coverage might look
something like this:

    Senator Riegle: Tastes great!

    Representative Gonzalez: Less filling! And given the extraordinary
bipartisan support with which the bill passed, the "tastes great, less filling"
refrain might have gone on ad infinitum.

    By focusing on two contradictory concepts to promote its product, Miller,
like congressional supporters of the Community Development Financial
Institutions Act of 1994  n2 ("Act"), held out a promise to the public that it
would receive more of what it wanted (great taste in beer) without undesirable
side effects (less filling). Congress tried to achieve these same results with
the Act by attempting to make available more community development dollars with
less government regulation.  [*338]

   The Political Context


    President Clinton praised the bill as ushering in a new era of reinvented
government;  n3 and former Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen echoed these
remarks, explaining that the bill was "based on entrepreneurial spirit, fiscal
responsibility, and private-sector funding."  n4 The 103d Congress concurred
with these endorsements and, in August 1994, passed, what became the Act with
overwhelming support.  n5 Recognizing that appropriate funding would be central
to the success of the Act, Congress authorized $ 382 million to be invested in
the community development financial institutions ("CDFI") program over a
four-year period.  n6 Yet, despite its overwhelming support in Congress, this
experiment in reinvented government and community development finance may never
get off the ground.

    The 104th Congress planned to eliminate most, if not all funding for the new
CDFI program as part of its $ 17.4 billion spending reduction program.  n7 The
House acted first by passing legislation in March 1995 to cut the CDFI program
entirely.  n8 While the Senate originally took similar action, it later proposed
to reauthorize $ 36 million under a political compromise between Senate
Republicans and Democrats.  n9 Following a conference of the two Houses, a
significantly curtailed funding of the program was achieved.  n10 The compromise
restored $ 50 million to the CDFI program, but limited spending to $ 400,000 for
the administration of the program, $ 4 million for direct loan costs, and
[*339]  $ 31.6 million for direct loans, creating a spending ceiling of $ 36
million for the loan program.  n11

    Congressional Republicans offer different reasons for the cuts. Republican
Senators argue that in this era of budgetary constraints, Congress cannot add
another notch to the federal bureaucracy, regardless of how well-intentioned the
program might be viewed.  n12 Some House Republicans advocate these spending
reductions to pay for Contract With America tax cuts.  n13 Other House
Republicans argue that the CDFI program is wrong as a matter of federal policy,
notwithstanding the need for budget cuts. The CDFI "represents a mentality that
federal bureaucracies in Washington, D.C., can somehow create jobs in South
Dallas. These federal programs have not been generally successful, and we can't
keep throwing good money after bad."  n14 Such rhetoric as this reinforces many
House Republicans' commitment to their own vision of "smaller, less costly, less
intrusive government" that relies much more heavily on state government rather
than on federal government actions.  n15

    Against this tide of congressional budget cutting, President Clinton
persists in his fight to save the CDFI program - a program he believes is
revolutionary.  n16 The Treasury Department supports the President's position on
the need for CDFIs and criticizes Congress's cuts as short-sighted.  n17

    In the upcoming political battle over the CDFI program, who is right? Is
there a need for a CDFI-like program? If so, is CDFI the correct approach?
[*340]


   The Need for a Government Solution


    It is obvious that something must be done about the economically strapped
inner-cities. Yet, it is debatable whether a government program that attempts to
increase credit availability in these communities is the solution. The CDFI
program assumes that there is a lack of credit availablility in many distressed
communities and posits a solution to credit deficits and economic distress
generally through direct investments in CDFIs. One could argue that if credit
deficits do indeed exist in inner-cities, they can be rectified by market forces
rather than by government intervention.  n18 This line of argument supposes that
inner-city credit deficits are a function of the credit crunch of the late
1980s, and early 1990s,  n19 and that as the credit crunch eases, so too will
the credit deficits. Yet, the commercial banking industry has liberalized
lending practices since the early 1990s, and the lack of credit in distressed
communities has not been abated.  n20

    Perhaps credit deficits in distressed communities reflect a proper
allocation of credit by the price system.  n21 Higher risk and transaction costs
in distressed communities drive the price of credit up and the demand for credit
down. "The experience of financial institutions is that lending and investment
in distressed communities often requires small loans with flexible terms,
non-standard credit criteria, and intensive support services, which in many
instances, may result in higher administrative costs and lower rates of return."
n22 The market tends to  [*341]  reflect this phenomenon. Thus, instead of
branch banking being made available to residents of distressed communities,
check cashing stores and pawn shops that charge high rates of interest and high
fees serve the financial needs of many low-income communities.  n23

    On the other hand, inner-city credit deficits could be a function of market
failure caused by race discrimination. Recent Home Mortgage Disclosure Act
("HMDA") data reflect that minority applicants for home mortgages are rejected
by financial institutions two-to-four times as often as white applicants, and
upper-income African-American applicants are rejected more often than low and
moderate-income white applicants.  n24 Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan
recently noted that, although the HMDA data might not be wholly reliable or
conclusive, lending discrimination does exist. "The cumulative evidence seems
clear to me. We have a problem whose magnitude may be unknown, but whose
presence is undeniable. Free market capitalistic systems rooted in individual
freedom cannot and should not abide such unjust behavior."  n25 Even mortgage
banks that averaged more minority mortgages than traditional banks "had a worse
record than other lending groups overall in approvals and denials of
conventional loans to blacks."  n26 Finally, the American Bankers Association
admits that "there is a need to increase the availability of mortgage funds to
minorities and to people in low or moderate income neighborhoods, and ... there
is a need to improve the accessibility of commercial loans for the new
job-creating enterprises in our communities."  n27

    Imminent consolidation in the banking industry will most likely exacerbate
the effects of lending discrimination and further reduce credit availability in
distressed communities.  n28 Large banking con-  [*342]  glomerates tend to
become bureaucratized and less sensitive to the idiosyncratic needs of
low-income communities.  n29

    Also, these banks, which are consolidated industries, often compete on
economies of scale, eliminating less efficient operations in order to survive.
In the banking industry, less efficient operations that will become targets for
elimination will likely include branch offices and other banking services in
low-income communities where the cost of doing business is higher than in less
distressed communities.

    It is clear that distressed communities in the United States face a credit
crunch, partly due to non-market forces, and that without sufficient credit it
is difficult for these communities to develop on their own. The Act has been
offered as a solution to this problem. This paper analyzes whether the Act is
the correct solution to the credit problems experienced by distressed
communities, given the national trend toward downsizing government, particularly
in light of other existing federal programs with similar objectives.

    Part I provides an overview of the Act and its legislative history. Part II
briefly describes three types of community development financial institutions
that the Act would support. Part III analyzes the Act from an economic
perspective, and Part IV offers recommendations based on that analysis.

    This article concludes that the Act presents a novel and economically sound
solution to the lack of credit in low- and moderate-income communities. It does
not create large federal bureaucracies, a regulatory morass, or self-defeating
disincentives. On the contrary, the federal government squarely takes on the
responsibility for solving intransigent urban and rural problems through the
Act, and it intelligently harnesses the power of the private sector to provide
solutions.


   I. AN OVERVIEW OF THE ACT AND ITS LEGISLATIVE HISTORY


    The Act is a direct outgrowth of one of President Clinton's foremost 1992
Presidential campaign pledges - to create a national network of 100 community
development banks modeled on Chicago's  [*343]  South Shore Bank.  n30 Both the
President and Congress envisioned CDFIs as primary catalysts for rebuilding
distressed urban and rural communities.  n31 Whereas the Community Reinvestment
Act ("CRA") might be an indirect attempt to combat redlining,  n32 Congress made
clear that the Act is directly intended to counter lending discrimination and to
kick-start economic development in distressed areas.  n33 The Act attempts to
achieve these goals by (1) funneling federal dollars and technical assistance
directly to CDFIs, and (2) encouraging insured depository institutions to invest
in and partner with CDFIs. Congress originally authorized $ 382 million over
four years: $ 22 million for administrative expenses, $ 240 million for the
direct investment and technical assistance program, and $ 120 million for
private-sector incentives.  n34

    Congress created the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
("Fund") to administer the entire program.  n35 The Fund will be an independent
government corporation housed in the executive branch.  n36 An Administrator,
appointed by the President, will direct the Fund, and a Community Development
Advisory Board will advise the Administrator on general policy matters.  n37 The
Board will consist of fifteen members: the Secretaries of Agriculture, Commerce,
[*344]  Housing and Urban Development, Interior, and Treasury; the Administrator
of the Small Business Administration; and nine private citizens from diverse
geographical and racial backgrounds representing CDFIs, insured depository
institutions, consumer groups, community development organizations, and Native
American reservation development organizations.  n38

   The Direct Investment & Technical Assistance Program


    Under the CDFI direct investment and technical assistance portion of the
Act, the Fund will solicit applications from CDFIs and choose grant recipients
using the several guidelines.  n39 First, the applicant must meet the statutory
definition of a "community development financial institution."  n40 A statutory
CDFI must (1) have as its primary purpose, the promotion community development;
(2) serve an "investment area" or "targeted population"; (3) provide development
services in conjunction with financial services; (4) maintain accountability to
its service area through community representation on its board; and (5) not be
an agency of any government.  n41 Congress intended this definition, and the
Fund's criteria developed thereunder, to be flexible in some respects and narrow
in others.

    For example, "financial institution" should be interpreted broadly. Congress
wanted the Fund to support a vast array of community development financial
institutions and thus, instructs the Fund not to favor one type of institution;
for instance, favoring community development banks over others such as community
development credit unions or microloan funds.  n42 Likewise, the Fund should
develop flexible definitions of "investment area" and "targeted population" to
be sensitive to differences among urban and rural communities as well as Native
American reservations.  n43 In contrast, the requirement that a CDFI "promote
community development as its primary purpose" should be read narrowly.
Depository institution holding companies cannot be CDFIs unless "the holding
company and  [*345]  its subsidiaries and affiliates, collectively" satisfy the
definition of CDFI.  n44 Institutions that do not meet this narrow primary
purpose standard can still participate in the CDFI program as "community
partners" in conjunction with independent CDFIs; however, the government will
only fund the free-standing CDFI with which the institution is partnering.  n45

    Second, an applicant must demonstrate through a comprehensive plan that the
CDFI will (1) be properly managed and operated as a CDFI; (2) have a strategy to
meet the needs of its targeted population; (3) coordinate assistance from all
available sources (federal, state, local, and private); and (4) secure matching
funds from sources other than the federal government.  n46

    Third, the Fund must determine the likelihood of an applicant's success by
considering a minimum of fourteen statutory factors, including the experience
and background of the management team and the extent to which the applicant has
firm commitments for matching funds.  n47 Congress intended the Fund to use
broad discretion in evaluating these factors and to create other factors as
needed.  n48

    Finally, the Fund must select a geographically diverse pool of applicants
from "metropolitan, non-metropolitan, and rural areas."  n49 Congress intended
"geographically diverse" to mean not only demographic diversity, but also
regional diversity throughout the United States.  n50

    After selecting CDFI grantees, the Fund must decide the best way to assist
each grantee. Financial assistance can include some combination of equity
investments, deposits, credit union shares, loans, and grants of up to $ 5
million per institution for any three-year period.  n51 Yet, the Fund cannot
allocate any financial assistance to a particular CDFI until the CDFI proves
that it has firm matching fund commitments on at least a one-to-one basis.  n52
There is, however, an  [*346]  exception for CDFIs under "severe constraints":
whereby CDFIs may reduce their matching requirements by one-half, but, the Fund
cannot distribute more than 25% of its total financial assistance under reduced
matching conditions.  n53

    CDFIs may use this federal government financial assistance within their
investment areas or targeted populations to develop or support any one or
combination of the following: (1) commercial facilities that promote
revitalization, community stability, or job creation or retention; (2)
businesses that either provide jobs to low income persons or enhance
availability of products and services to them; (3) community facilities; (4) the
provision of basic financial services; or (5) affordable housing.  n54

    Technical assistance includes consulting and training services for the CDFI.
The Fund may provide this assistance directly, through grants, or by contracting
with expert organizations.  n55 CDFIs need not obtain matching funds in order to
receive technical assistance.  n56 In addition, the Fund must establish a
clearinghouse of community development lending information to assist any
individual or organization founding or operating a CDFI.  n57

    Before granting any form of assistance to a particular CDFI, the Fund must
negotiate and enter a performance compliance contract with that institution that
sets performance goals for the institution and requires the institution to abide
by those performance goals. If the institution fails to do so, it may be subject
to sanctions.  n58 Congress intended these contracts to "foster[] discipline in
business activities while allowing institutions to provide loan products and
related services that are appropriate to the communities they serve."  n59 After
CDFIs receive funding, they must comply with certain record keeping  [*347]  and
annual reporting requirements imposed by the provisions of the Act.  n60 The
institution must compile data on the gender, race, ethnicity, and national
origin of customers in order to ensure that it is reaching its targeted
populations.  n61 In addition, CDFIs must analyze the impediments and
constraints to credit access faced by their targeted populations.  n62 The Fund
must review each award recipient annually, using both the pre-negotiated
performance goals and the CDFI's submitted reports as benchmarks, to determine
whether each CDFI has met its established goals under the program.  n63

   Private Sector Incentives Program


    Congress believed that harnessing private sector resources was central to
the Act's success.  n64 The direct investment program encourages private sector
participation by requiring CDFIs to attract private sector matching
institutions. The private sector incentives program targets private sector
leveraging even more directly by refunding a percentage of an insured depository
institution's federal deposit insurance premium in return for their qualified
investments in CDFIs.  n65 The program is based on the Bank Enterprise Act
("BEA") of 1993,  n66 through which Congress intended to provide an immediate
influx of credit into distressed communities.  n67

    Similar to the direct investment program, the Administrator will control
expenditures for refunds of deposit insurance premiums, with the advice of
federal banking agencies.  n68 The Administrator will have the full powers and
responsibilities set out in the BEA, such as  [*348]  designating qualified
communities.  n69 Congress's appropriations to the direct incentives program are
limited. If more insured institutions participate in the program than Congress
expected when it provided funding, the Fund will experience a shortfall in
monies available for the deposit insurance refund program. Should this shortfall
occur, the Administrator has discretion to award deposit insurance premium
credits based on competitive criteria, such as the amount of impact on a target
community that a particular institution's investment will have.  n70

    Participating insured depository institutions are eligible for a premium
refund of as much as five percent of their deposit insurance premium for direct
investments in qualified distressed communities or a refund of up to fifteen
percent of their deposit insurance premium for equity investments in CDFIs.  n71
Congress trebled the award for CDFI equity investments specifically to encourage
relationships between traditional financial institutions and CDFIs and to insure
the sustainability of CDFIs.  n72

   II. THREE TYPES OF CDFIs THE ACT WILL SUPPORT


    As indicated above, Congress intended direct investments to support a vast
array of CDFIs, each with its own strengths and weaknesses. This Part surveys
three types of CDFIs that the direct investment program would support: community
development banks, community development credit unions, and community
development loan funds.


   Community Development Banks


    Community development banks ("CDB") are federally insured depository
institutions committed to economic revitalization and serving nontraditional
borrowers.  n73 Nationally, there are only a handful of CDBs.  n74 South Shore
Bank of Chicago, founded in the early 1970s,  [*349]  is considered to be the
first CDB in the United States.  n75 Ronald Grzywinski, who is Chairman of
Shorebank Corporation, the parent company of South Shore Bank, and a founder of
the Chicago-based CDB, makes plain that CDBs are not charitable institutions.
n76 Rather, "what a good development bank does is balance financial and
development objectives to achieve sustainability and provide benefits at a
community level."  n77 Another South Shore Bank founder, Mary Houghton, confirms
that "decision making has got to be based on how the market works, not what's
good and right. Because if you let what's good and right add into it you'll have
high loss rates."  n78

    While the principle of community development has driven South Shore Bank's
existence, the market has shaped its strategies, services, and products. During
its first eight years in operation, South Shore Bank mainly financed small
business "walk-ins," people who owned retail establishments along the bank's
main business strip, in an effort to build South Shore Bank's economic
stability.  n79 Yet, after realizing the retail failure rates were high and that
investment returns both to the business borrowers and the bank were low, South
Shore Bank refocused its resources on real estate development.  n80 Success soon
followed.  n81 Today, South Shore Bank has helped rehabilitate over 12,000 units
of low and moderate income housing, more than any other bank in the United
States.  n82 Whereas large-scale, government  [*350]  subsidized housing
developments cost on average between $ 50,000 to $ 70,000 per unit, South Shore
Bank finances "ma-and-pa" entrepreneurial developers who bring in smaller
projects at any average cost of $ 3,000 to $ 6,000 per unit.  n83

    Over time, South Shore Bank has learned specialized skills to broaden the
number of services and products it offers the community, and it has developed a
set of banking guidelines for successful lending in its inner-city neighborhood.
n84 South Shore Bank (1) remains committed to real estate rehabilitation
lending; (2) does not lend outside of areas it knows well; (3) uses all
government programs available to help its borrowers; (4) hires highly qualified
staff; and (5) aggressively collects overdue debts.  n85 It also teaches this
strategy to other CDBs that are forming nationwide.  n86

    CDBs are not simply banks. Most CDBs are organized as bank holding companies
that own a variety of subsidiaries. Today, in addition to South Shore Bank,
Shorebank Corporation operates a venture capital fund, a real estate development
corporation, a community organization that provides job training, and a
consulting service.  n87 These non-bank subsidiaries complement banking services
and provide outreach programs to community members who would like to start
businesses or buy their own homes but who do not know how to obtain funding.
Following Shorebank's model, the recently formed Knoxville Community Development
Bank has even started an entrepreneurial school.  n88

    CDBs are owned and capitalized by non-profit foundations, socially conscious
investors, institutional investors, state and local governments, and other
financial institutions.  n89 On average CDBs are profitable. David J. Shryock,
President of South Shore, explained that although South Shore is "not widely
profitable, ... we have been consistently profitable in lines of business most
banks believe can never  [*351]  be profitable."  n90 Because the shareholders
do not invest in South Shore Bank to achieve wild profits, they remain satisfied
with their earnings.  n91 Related to CDB profitability, CDBs experience loan
loss rates consistent with the national banking industry average.  n92

    CDBs are particularly important vehicles of community development because
they are banks. As Christopher and Hazel Dayton Gunn explain, "banks are
institutions that need no explanation and that have important symbolic value."
n93 Unlike check cashing services or other financial brokers in these low- and
moderate-income communities, banks are thought of as honest institutions that
can make an economic impact, especially because insured depository institutions
can leverage capital deposits from five-to-ten times to create even more wealth
in a community.  n94 Banks are also an effective policy tool because distressed
communities do not view loans from banking institutions as stigmatized
government handouts, as they do other programs.  n95 Rather, banks inspire
confidence and a sense of self-sufficiency in a community.  n96

   Community Development Credit Unions


    Community development credit unions ("CDCU") are regulated financial
cooperatives owned and operated by low-income members.  n97 Unlike regular
credit unions, CDCUs provide banking services, for example, savings and checking
accounts in financially underserved communities, and they promote community
development.  n98 Like regular credit unions, CDCUs offer insured deposits
through the National Credit Union Administration.  n99 CDCUs provide large and
small consumer loans, as well as home rehabilitation loans, to their  [*352]
members, and some CDCUs have begun to offer small business loan services.  n100

    Nationally, there are over 140 CDCUs in 34 states with combined assets of
over $ 225 million.  n101 Whereas each regular credit union averages $ 19.2
million in assets,  n102 each CDCU averages between $ 500,000 to $ 1 million in
assets.  n103 CDCUs average loan delinquency rates are 3.4 times higher than
credit union industry averages.  n104

    The National Credit Union Administration ("NCUA") presently administers a
revolving loan fund designed to infuse capital into CDCUs. Two years ago when
Congress appropriated $ 6 million for the Fund, NCUA administrators found that
the "need and demand for the Program exceeded available resources and ... [that]
the situation [was expected] to worsen as additional low-income credit unions
... applied for admittance into the Program."  n105 The Act augmented
appropriations for the NCUA revolving loan fund by $ 4 million over four years.
n106

   Community Development Loan Funds


    "Community development loan funds ("CDLF") are non-profit revolving loan
funds dedicated to serving the development capital needs of distressed
communities."  n107 Unlike community development banks and credit unions, CDLFs
are unregulated and do not offer retail banking services.  n108 They raise
capital primarily through socially conscious investors  n109 and invest almost
exclusively in low- and moderate-income housing developments.  n110 CDLFs have
been major leaders in financing community land trusts, [and] cooperative housing
(including mobile home parks)."  n111 Another major function of  [*353]  CDLFs
is to act as conduits between sources of capital and community development
organizations.  n112

    There are more than forty CDLFs nationwide, each averaging $ 900,000 in
capital.  n113 In total, CDLFs have placed more than $ 88 million in loans and
attracted $ 643 million from public and private sources since 1988.  n114 CDLFs
have funded this creation of over 14,000 units of low- and moderate-income
housing. Estimates for CDLF loss rates average seven-tenths of one percent,
which is slightly higher than that for commercial banks with less than $ 10
billion in assets.  n115

    Because these three kinds of CDFIs exist profitably without additional
government support or intervention, adding another government program seems
wasteful. Although some commercial banks participate in community development
activities, "the continuing paucity of banking services in many poor communities
... reveals that community development activities and lending ... remain limited
in the majority of [commercial banks]."  n116 Furthermore, as Federal Reserve
Board Chairman Alan Greenspan argues, the existing network of community
development financial institutions could both expand and improve with modest
amounts of financial and technical assistance.  n117 The Act is an appropriate
response to both of these concerns.

   III. AN ECONOMIC ANALYSIS OF THE ACT


    From an economic perspective, the Act succeeds on two major levels. First,
the Act operates from an efficient model of government by allocating and
encouraging expenditures of limited resources through the price system while
minimizing administrative costs. Second, and related to the first, the Act
targets what I deem to be the most efficient actors to accomplish the goals of
revitalizing and increasing credit availability in distressed communities.  n118
[*354]

   An Efficient Model of Government


    The Act operates as an efficient model of government. It allocates limited
resources through market forces, hedges risks inherent in government investments
in private sector institutions, leverages public money, and minimizes
administrative costs. Two tools in the Act that help the government allocate
limited resources efficiently are performance-based standards and matching fund
requirements. These two tools also reduce the government's allocative risk.
n119 Performance-based standards such as a CDFI's profitability or loan loss
rates are important decision aids for the Fund's direct investment decisions. At
the beginning of the process, CDFI applicants must provide operating data to
help the Fund choose the most profitable institutions and rank them accordingly.
n120 The Fund and the CDFI grantees will mutually negotiate performance-based
objectives in order for the Fund to insure optimal use of its investments.  n121
During a CDFI's funding period, the Fund will use performance-based standards as
checks upon the grant recipient's behavior.  n122

    Of course, performance-based standards are not foolproof. The Act does not
require the Fund to prioritize performance-based standards as the primary
selection criteria for grantees. In fact, Congress explicitly intended the Fund
to be flexible in prioritizing criteria for choosing CDFI recipients.  n123
Another problem could arise when the Fund invests in newly formed CDFIs that
have no track record.  n124 Performance-based standards are meaningless without
track records, leaving the Fund to rely solely on the ex-post performance to
determine the success of these investments. Finally, there is no assurance that
the Administrator and her staff will have either investment optimization or the
public interest at heart when making funding decisions.  n125 There is always
the possibility that some Fund resources will  [*355]  be siphoned off to
certain CDFIs as political favors to key congressional districts or to former
colleagues without regard for that CDFI's track record.

    Fortunately, the Act's matching fund requirement alleviates some of the
failings of performance-based standards. Since each CDFI applicant must attract
matching funds for a government grant, the applicant not only must convince the
Administrator that its performance deserves funding, but must also convince
private institutions to invest in their programs based on that same information.
In a sense, the matching fund requirement acts as insurance for the Fund's
investment decisions, and thereby reduces the government's allocative risk.

    Of course, CDFI applicants can obtain matching funds from socially conscious
investors and state and local government programs that, for various reasons, may
not provide the same type of market checking function the program is subjected
to when matching funds come from disinterested private institutions.  n126
Furthermore, CDFIs facing severe constraints can waive part of their matching
fund requirement. Suppose the Fund declared that a newly formed CDFI was under
severe constraints so that the Fund could meet its geographic diversity
requirements for funding decisions. The Fund would then lose both the
performance-based and the matching fund requirement advantages.

    Despite the weaknesses of both the performance-based and matching fund
provisions of the Act, they do function in tandem to increase the efficiency of
government investments while decreasing the government's allocative risk.

    The Act also hedges against geographic risk by requiring the Fund to
maintain a geographically and demographically diverse investment portfolio.
n127 On the micro level, each CDFI that the government funds will most likely be
a great geographic risk because successful community development lending
requires each institution to target a limited number of communities.  n128 In
addition, the Act  [*356]  itself requires each CDFI applicant to serve a
designated investment area, statutorily restricting each institution's
geographic diversity.  n129 Thus, if the investment area stumbles, so too will
the CDFI. Some commentators argue that it is just this type of geographic risk
that the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") ineptly imposes on traditional
financial institutions,  n130 because the CRA, in effect, requires banks to take
risks by foreclosing the benefits of geographically diverse portfolios.  n131
The Act avoids this problem when the government is viewed as the investor. It
reduces the government's geographic risk by spreading individual $ 5 million
investments nationwide among urban and rural communities and Native American
reservations. Although one region or community may suffer, others will
presumably flourish.

   Leveraging Government Funds


    Congress initially authorized $ 382 million over a four-year period for the
Fund.  n132 Unlike most other government programs, the $ 382 million
appropriation represented merely the starting point for CDFI funding because the
Act leverages government funds, increasing the final economic impact of the
program. Leveraging mechanisms contained in the CDFI provisions include matching
funds, banking institution multiplier effects, and the private sector incentive
program. Prior to the final version of the Act, the Treasury Department
established that an initial government expenditure of $ 382 million could create
between $ 2 to $ 2.5 billion in community development credit over the life of
the program.  n133

    The Treasury Department assumed that $ 40 million would go to administrative
expenses and $ 68.4 million would fund technical assistance, leaving $ 273.6
million to invest directly in CDFs.  n134 The Department further assumed that
between 40% and 50% of this $ 273.6  [*357]  million would fund insured CDFIs
that could fully leverage investments at an eight-to-one ratio over time.  n135
Insured CDFIs could therefore leverage a total of $ 0.9 to $ 1.1 billion.  n136
The remainder of the allocation would fund uninsured CDFIs that the Treasury
Department assumed could leverage investments from a one-to-one to a
three-to-one ratio, which would increase credit availability another $ 200 to $
500 million.  n137 Adding in matching ratios on a one-to-one basis puts total
leveraging capacity above $ 2 billion.

    Moreover, the Treasury Department underestimated the total economic effect
of the Act because some of its underlying assumptions were no longer valid. For
instance, when Congress reduced the amount authorized for administrative
expenses from $ 10 million to $ 5.55 million annually without reducing total
appropriations for the program, another $ 17.8 million was added to the fund for
use during the initial four-year period for direct investment purposes.  n138

    Estimates that incorporated these changes marked the total leveraging
capability closer to $ 5 billion.  n139 Thus, the government's initial
investment of $ 382 million could have led to nearly $ 5 billion in additional
credit for community development in distressed communities.

   Minimal Administrative Costs


    A government program like the Fund has at least two forms of administrative
costs. There are the costs to the government incurred in operating the program
and the costs of the grantee incurred in complying with the program. The Act
minimizes at least the former, and perhaps the latter.

    Congress initially authorized $ 22.2 million over four years for the Fund's
administrative expenses.  n140 Administrative expenses would have cost 5.8% of
the government's program, and even less if the credit created by private sector
matching funds is involved. The health care industry averages 13% in
administrative expenses,  n141  [*358]  whereas mutual fund management fees
range from 0.6% to 1.0% of total assets.  n142 Compared to these two industries,
the Fund's 5.8% overhead level was reasonable, given the relative mix of labor
intensive tasks, such as providing technical assistance and tracking the
performance of grant recipients, and non-labor intensive tasks, such as
administering an information clearinghouse.  n143 Furthermore, the potentially
high costs of tracking grantee performance could have been minimized through the
use of objective and easily detectable performance-based standards such as
certain ratios derived from the CDFIs' financial statements.  n144

    Unlike the government's administrative expenses, it is difficult to
determine the grantees' cost of compliance. Such costs include the time and
effort to apply for funding, maintaining statutorily required records, and
preparation and submission of specified information to the Fund on a regular
basis.

    The data collection and record keeping compliance costs under the Act are
similar to those under the CRA, and CRA compliance costs have come under heavy
fire throughout the banking industry as being excessive.  n145 There are
relevant differences between the CRA and the Act, however, that may justify
costlier compliance under the Act. First, whereas the CRA is involuntary and
industry wide, participation under the Act is voluntary and self-selecting.
CDFIs can avoid compliance costs simply by not applying for funding. Second, the
explicit and primary purpose of the Act is to increase credit availability to
low- and moderate-income people generally, and to racial minorities in
particular. The Fund cannot track its success at meeting these objectives
without collecting data on who benefits from CDFI investment programs.

    It would be perverse if the Act's compliance costs were high enough to deter
CDFIs from applying to participate in the program for helpful government
investments or if rigorous compliance tasks diverted too much CDFI time and
resources away from community  [*359]  development projects. Note in particular
that the President of South Shore Bank has criticized proposed CRA requirements
to track the race and gender of small business loan applicants as too onerous a
burden.  n146 So the Administrator of the Fund would be required to carefully
balance the government's need for information with the grantees' costs of
gathering the information to effectively minimize administrative costs under the
Act.

   The Most Efficient Actor


    Not only does the Act operate as an efficient government program, it also
funnels federal dollars to the most efficient actors capable of expanding credit
availability in distressed communities. CDFIs are the most efficient actors to
achieve these purposes.

    To clarify the concept of an efficient actor it is instructive to contrast
the Act with the CRA. The CRA targets the use of traditional financial
institutions to expand banking services in distressed communities by requiring
these institutions to serve their entire community.  n147 Yet, traditional
financial institutions are not appropriate agents for improving community
development lending.  n148 First and foremost, commercial banking institutions
are for-profit, profit-maximizing institutions. They are not experts in the low-
and moderate-income market;  n149 and by definition, they are not equipped to
design the types of flexible small business loans necessary for community
development lending.  n150 Second, the industry trend of consolidation in
commercial banking will most likely make commercial banks more bureaucratic,
less responsive institutions.  n151 Third, and perhaps related to the
consolidation trend, large commercial banks may soon be specializing in
particular market niches rather than providing comprehensive banking services to
the public at large, which would make them less able to provide broad-based
solutions to community development  [*360]  problems.  n152 These
characteristics make traditional financial institutions ineffective tools for
rebuilding distressed communities. By burdening commercial banks with this task
through the CRA, the government has chosen an inefficient actor.  n153

    In contrast to traditional financial institutions, CDFIs are born to serve
distressed communities.  n154 Although banking may no longer be a local
industry,  n155 community development financial institutions must be local in
nature and expert in providing comprehensive financial solutions to economically
disadvantaged communities. As James Chessen, chief economist for the American
Bankers Association, explains, "community development activities often require
more than just lending money[- ]they need technical assistance, formation of
partnerships with community groups and government agencies, flexible credit
policies, accessible secondary markets, the ability to provide other financial
services, long-term involvement, and more."  n156

    At the very least, CDFIs are better positioned than traditional lenders to
perform the above tasks.  n157 By channeling funding to CDFIs, the federal
government can utilize the most efficient actor to achieve its goals of economic
revitalization and credit availability in distressed communities.  n158
Furthermore, by choosing to support the most efficient actor, the Act
acknowledged that government and society in general has the burden of
revitalizing distressed communities, whereas the CRA places the burden solely on
the banking industry.

    The flexibility of the Act's CDFI definition permits the Fund to maintain
this most efficient actor advantage over time. The Act neither narrowly defined
CDFI nor favored one type of CDFI, such as community development banks, over
others. Today, perhaps community development credit unions best serve their
targeted populations  [*361]  and stimulate development. The Administrator can
then choose more CDFI grantees than other types of institutions. If another
institution becomes more adept at community development lending, then the Fund
could take advantage of that change.  n159 This flexibility not only maintained
the advantage of focusing on the most efficient actor, but also promoted
competition between types of institutions to best serve their communities.

    Although CDFIs may be the most efficient actors, traditional financial
institutions should and would play a significant role under the CDFI scheme. For
the Act to succeed, there must be substantial private sector participation, and
in fact, CDFIs recognize the importance of traditional lenders not only as
lenders but also as depositors in CDFIs.  n160 The BEA private sector incentive
program can work to insure traditional lender deposits in CDFIs. Rebates on
federal deposit insurance premiums would serve as effective investment
incentives because "the costs of FDIC premiums have increased seven-fold over
the past few years, to the point where insurance assessments constitute a
significant drag on depository earnings."  n161 Banking industry trade groups,
such as the American Banking Association, actively support the private sector
incentives program for its "utility of incentives as banks increasingly reach
out in new ways to serve their communities."  n162 On the other hand, some
banking trade groups suggest that the amount of funding available for the
private sector incentive program is insufficient to "spur industry wide shifts
in lending and service patterns."  n163

    There is concrete evidence that commercial banks have already begun to
respond. Immediately after President Clinton signed the CDFI bill into law, Bank
of America pledged $ 50 million and NationsBank pledged $ 25 million for CDFIs.
n164 Two months later, the Fleet Financial Group announced that it would
capitalize a community de-  [*362]  velopment corporation with $ 15 million, one
of the largest capitalizations ever, and noted that its actions were a response
to the Act.  n165 Fannie Mae also responded with a commitment to invest at least
$ 25 million in CDFIs.  n166 Smaller banking institutions could also participate
by forming multi-bank community development corporations that invest in CDFIs.
Not only could traditional lenders benefit from reduced deposit insurance
premiums, they could also help build a future client base by aiding low and
moderate income customers to develop credit histories.

   IV. RECOMMENDATIONS


    The Community Development Financial Institutions Act is a good start. The
following recommendations might make it even more effective.


   Broaden Private Sector Participation Beyond Traditional Financial
Institutions


    Congress stressed the importance of involving the private sector to expand
credit availability in distressed communities. The Senate Report on the CDFI
bill quoted Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry G. Cisneros as stating
that "private sector investment is absolutely critical to accomplishing the
tasks required."  n167 During the hearings before congressional committees,
banking industry experts stressed that Congress should encourage participation
not only from the banking industry but also from pension funds, life insurance
companies, mutual funds, consumer finance firms, mortgage banks, and investment
banks.  n168 Many of these institutions, especially mutual funds, compete
vigorously with banks for customer deposits.  n169

    Despite the advantage of broad-based private sector participation, the Act
only provides incentives for the traditional banking industry to invest in
CDFIs. Refunds for federal deposit insurance  [*363]  premiums will not
encourage pensions funds, insurance companies, or mutual funds to become
involved. This myopia of the Act is similar to that of the CRA, which imposes
reinvestment obligations on traditional banks but not on other members of the
financial services industry.  n170

    Instead of deposit insurance premium refunds, tax incentives could be used
to attract investments from many different types of private sector institutions.
In fact, the tax incentive idea has broad support within the banking industry.
n171

    Prevent Excessive Government Micromanagement and CDFI Compliance Costs

    Commercial banking officials regularly cite bank examiner micromanagement of
policies and practices and high compliance costs as major impediments to
community investments under the CRA.  n172 While it is not surprising that these
officials criticize government regulation, even members of the CDFI industry
argue that excessive compliance and data collection requirements, meant to
insure active community investment, ironically take precious resources away from
that effort.  n173 As with the CRA, the CDFI administrators could easily fall
into the excessive government micromanagement and compliance costs trap.

    Performance goals negotiated between the Fund and CDFI grantees are logical,
can be effective, and are well-known to the banking industry in the form of loan
covenants. Yet, commercial banks have developed carefully crafted covenants
based on readily identifiable business indicia such as debt-equity ratios. Fund
administrators will have agendas other than profitability, and they will require
less objective, less quantifiable information from CDFIs for review purposes.
Although these agendas are necessary and understandable  [*364]  given the
underlying purposes of the Act, there is a substantial risk that non-market
information gathering will impose unacceptable administrative costs on CDFI
grantees.  n174

    To guard against excessive micromanagement and compliance costs, the
Administrator should define a list of clear, market-based performance standards
on which the Fund could primarily rely for CDFI review purposes. These standards
should be based on a CDFI's financial statements, such as its return on assets
and debt-equity ratios.

    Fund administrators should rely on the initial application process to weed
out CDFIs that will not genuinely serve as an appropriate investment area or
targeted population rather than imposing continuing compliance costs on CDFIs to
monitor this activity ex-post. Although this division of labor might increase
CDFI application costs, on the whole, it should maximize the extent to which
government funds are spent on community development rather than on data
collection.


   Tie CRA Credit to CDFI Investments


    The Treasury Department made clear that commercial bank investment in CDFIs
through the CDFI program would not automatically count toward the bank's CRA
credit.  n175 Treasury argued that CRA credit for these investments would
relieve banks of their obligation to serve their entire community. Yet, many
CDFIs have expressed a strong desire that federal banking agencies grant CRA
credit to banks that invest in CDFI.  n176

    In light of the most efficient actor arguments outlined above, commercial
banks should be given adequate CRA credit for investments in CDFIs.  n177 Not
only will credit further encourage commercial banks to become involved in
community development lending, it will also do so through a mechanism more
effective than the CRA. Perhaps the optimal solution is to replace the CRA with
an expanded CDFI program; but until such time, banks should receive CRA credit
for qualifying investments.  [*365]

   Eliminate or De-Centralize Other Related Government Programs


    In light of the need to downsize the federal government, the CDFI program
should be the government's centralized approach to community development and
enhancing credit availability in distressed communities, especially if, after a
trial period, government expenditures have been successful. Other government
programs that have similar objectives should either be eliminated as duplicative
or administered in modified form through the Fund Administrator.

    An obvious candidate for elimination is NCUA's revolving loan fund program
for community development credit unions.  n178 The NCUA program is essentially a
smaller version of the CDFI direct investment program, administered by a
separate government agency. Unless there are intractable political obstacles to
removing this program from NCUA's jurisdiction, the revolving loan program
should be eliminated and any unused appropriations should be allocated to the
Fund.

    Other governmental programs should also be reviewed for overlap with the
CDFI program. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's Community Affairs
Program assists consumer and community groups, government officials, and other
interested groups and individuals in understanding and participating in the fair
lending and community development processes.  n179 Since the Fund will form an
information clearinghouse that will promote community development generally, the
FDIC program might be redundant.  n180

    Although the CRA may not entail large governmental administrative costs, it
seeks to accomplish many of the same objectives as the CDFI program and
according to some, arguably inefficiently.  n181 The same can be said of the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's Community Development Corporation
and Investment Program, which encourages banks to participate in community
lending.  n182

    Another set of government programs ripe for review are housed in the Small
Business Administration ("SBA"). These programs provide grants and loans to
small businesses  n183 and could be eliminated if  [*366]  CDFIs are proven to
be more efficient investors in small businesses than the SBA. Alternatively, the
programs could be reformed by adopting the performance-based standards and
principles of the Act.

   CONCLUSION


    The Community Development Financial Institutions Act represents the best of
good government. It is the result of a two-year investigative process during
which Congress learned about many aspects of the community development banking
industry - an industry that has evolved by jumps and starts over the past twenty
years, that has a solid track record, and that now has a real chance of success.

    The Act is an efficient catalyst for this success. Congress created an
administration of industry experts who will be familiar with community
development issues and will base funding decisions on competitive criteria.
Congress created mechanisms to leverage government investments by tapping
private resources. Perhaps most important of all in this era of government
downsizing, Congress created a government program that is, and should remain, a
seed to help spawn private sector involvement and continued CDFI sustainability.

    If the 104th Congress eliminates CDFI funding before the program even gets
off the ground, it will be losing an opportunity to downsize and reinvent
government intelligently. In the long run, the Community Development Financial
Institutions Act of 1994 can, in fact, combine more community development impact
with less government interference. Congress should fully fund Community
Development Lite.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawContractual Relations & HousingFair Housing RightsCredit &
Mortgage LawsGovernmentsPublic ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentPublic Health
& Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  H.R. 3474, 103rd Cong., 2nd Sess. (1994).




n2.  Community Development Financial Institutions Act of 1994, Pub. L. No.
103-325, 108 Stat. 2160 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4701-4718 (1994)).




n3.  President Clinton remarked that:

this bill is an example of what I hope and believe must be the goal of
government in the future. This bill is not about bureaucracies and it's
certainly not about distributing handouts; it's about new opportunity for people
to assume responsibility to make good lives for themselves by making the private
sector work in places where it had not gone before.

A Boost for Community Development, Nat'l Mortgage News, Oct. 13, 1994, at 4.




n4.  Senate Clears for the President His Community Development Banking Bill, BNA
Banking Daily, Aug. 11, 1994.




n5.  The House passed the Act on August 8, 1994, by a vote of 410 to 12. 1994
House Roll No. 375, Aug. 4, 1994. The Senate passed the Act unanimously the next
day. Senate Clears for the President His Community Development Banking Bill, BNA
Banking Daily, Aug. 11, 1994.




n6.  See Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act, 12 U.S.C.
4718 (1994).




n7.  GOP Blitz of First 100 Days Now Brings the Heavy Combat, N.Y. Times, Apr.
9, 1995, at A1 [hereinafter GOP Blitz].




n8.  H.R. 1158, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. (1995).




n9.  S. Rep. No. 17, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. (1995); Senate Approves $ 36 Million
for CDFIs in $ 16 Billion Rescission Compromise, BNA Banking Daily, Apr. 12,
1995.




n10.  Id.




n11.  H.R. 1944, 104th Cong. 1st Sess. (1995).




n12.  S. Rep. No. 17, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. (1995)




n13.  GOP Blitz, supra note 7, at A1; Clinton's Community Banks Could Lose U.S.
Funding, Bank Letter, Dec. 12, 1994, at 1 [hereinafter Clinton's Community
Banks].




n14.  Group Blasts House Vote to Cut Inner-City Money, Dallas Morning News, Mar.
29, 1995, at 26A (quoting Ed Gillespie, spokesperson for Texas Republican
Representative Dick Armey). Instead of creating a new federal entity to enhance
low and moderate income credit availability, House Republicans suggest reducing
regulatory obstacles that prevent small businesses from succeeding.  Id.




n15.  GOP Blitz, supra note 7, at A1 (quoting Ohio Representative John A.
Boehner).




n16.  Southern Regional Economic Conference Session IV: Investing in Sustained
Growth and Job Creation, U.S. Newswire, Mar. 30, 1995. President Clinton
recently observed that the CDFI program "is a huge deal that has gotten no
national attention yet, but this is an institution like community colleges that
can revolutionize America if we see it through." Id.




n17.  Community Development Bank Funds Cut by Panel, Am. Banker, Mar. 6, 1995,
at 2 (quoting Treasury Deputy Secretary Frank N. Newman).




n18.  Whether credit deficits do or do not exist, it is clear that the lower the
income in a particular community, the fewer the traditional banking services
that are offered to that community's members. "Abundant statistical and
anecdotal evidence demonstrates that access to consumer, mortgage, and small
business credit is deficient - and in some cases virtually non-existent - in
under-served urban and rural communities, particularly for low and moderate
income and minority Americans." Community Development Institutions: Hearings
Before the Subcomm. on Financial Institutions Supervision, Regulation and
Deposit Insurance of the Comm. on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs, 103d
Cong., 1st Sess. 518 (1993) [hereinafter CDI Hearings]. "The lower income 50% of
our population receives as little as 1% of total bank investments." The Bank
Enterprise Act's Ability to Catalyze Community Development Banking: Hearings
Before the Subcomm. on General Oversight, Investigations, and the Resolution of
Failed Financial Institutions of the House Comm. on Banking, Finance, and Urban
Affairs, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 205 (1993) [hereinafter BEA Hearings] (statement
of Lyndon Comstock, Chairman, Community Capital Bank).




n19.  In the early 1990s, "total loans have declined by $ 77.2 billion and that
decline has been the focus of much attention in terms of its impact on financial
recovery." BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 375 (statement of Stanley J. Poling,
Director, Division of Supervision, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation).




n20.  BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 462 (statement of Susan F. Krause, Senior
Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision Policy, Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency).




n21.  See Jonathan R. Macey & Geoffrey P. Miller, The Community Reinvestment
Act: An Economic Analysis, 79 Va. L. Rev. 291, 308 (1993).




n22.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 8 (1993).




n23.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 537 (1993). In Los Angeles, check cashing
businesses outnumber bank branches seven-to-one. Economic Distress in Our
Cities: Field Hearings Before the House Comm. on Banking, Finance, and Urban
Affairs, 102d Cong., 2d Sess. 158 (1992).




n24.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 520; see S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st
Sess. 7 (1993) (citing the data compiled in the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act
study).




n25.  Alan Greenspan, Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, Remarks at the National Community Reinvestment Coalition Annual Meeting
and Conference (Feb. 8, 1994) (transcript on file with author) [hereinafter
Greenspan Remarks].




n26.  An Un-Conventional Trend: Data Show Lenders May Point Many Blacks to FHA,
Mortgage Marketplace, Dec. 5, 1994, at 1.




n27.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 575.




n28.  Macey & Miller, supra note 21, at 322 ("The great majority of banking
analysts agree that consolidation of banking institutions is inevitable over the
coming years.").




n29.  David Osborne, Laboratories of Democracy 7 (1988); see Anthony D. Taibi,
Banking, Finance, and Community Economic Empowerment: Structural Economic
Theory, Procedural Civil Rights, and Substantive Racial Justice, 107 Harv. L.
Rev. 1465, 1466 (1994) (arguing that consolidation in the banking industry has
had and will continue to have negative impacts on low and moderate income
communities).




n30.  House Banking Committee Passes Community Bank, Regulatory Relief Bills,
BNA Banking Daily, Nov. 15, 1993. After President Clinton signed the CDFI bill
into law, he stated that in the 1992 Presidential campaign "anyone who ever
heard me give a talk anywhere probably knows that in almost every speech I
talked about the South Shore Bank in Chicago." A Boost for Community
Development, National Mortgage News, Oct. 31, 1994, at 4. Although the Clinton
Administration's early proposal envisioned a network of new banking institutions
created with federal assistance, it soon became apparent that building upon
existing CDFIs would be more efficient and less risky. See CDI Hearings, supra
note 18, at 559; Greenspan Remarks, supra note 25. ("We should support the
capacity building efforts of ... existing organizations rather than trying to
create a network of new institutions.").




n31.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 6-7 (1993) ("Access to credit and
equity capital is an essential ingredient for creating and retaining jobs,
developing affordable housing, revitalizing neighborhoods, and enhancing local
economies.").




n32.  See Macey & Miller, supra note 21, at 298-99.




n33.  12 U.S.C. 4701(a)(1) - (2) (1994) ("The Congress finds that ... many of
the Nation's urban, rural, and Native American communities face critical social
and economic problems ... [; t]he restoration of the economies of these
communities will require coordinated development strategies ... and increased
access to equity investments and loans."); H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong.,
2d Sess. 148 (1994) ("Certain groups or individuals lack access to sources of
debt and equity capital due to factors that are unrelated to their credit
worthiness."); S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 7 (1993) ("Recent evidence
suggests that there are significant capital gaps caused by discrimination and
redlining.").




n34.  See Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions, 12 U.S.C.
4718 (1994).




n35.  See id. 4703.




n36.  See id. 4703(a)(2).




n37.  See id. 4703(b)(1), (d). The Act expressly prohibits Board members from
advising the Administrator on individual CDFI applications. See id. 4703(d)(4).




n38.  Id. 4703(d)(2)(A)-(G).




n39.  Id. 4704.




n40.  Id. 4704(b)(1).




n41.  Id. 4702(5)(A)(I)-(v).




n42.  H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong., 2d Sess. 151 (1994) ("The Conferees
intend that the Fund will assist a variety of different types of institutions
that fall within the definition of CDFI.").




n43.  Id. at 148 ("It is the Conferees' intent that the Fund develop separate
criteria for different types of communities which best capture the nature of
distress in those communities. For example, in many rural communities,
population out-migration is a good indicator.").




n44.  Id.




n45.  See 12 U.S.C. 4705.




n46.  Id. 4704(b)(2)-(4).




n47.  Id. 4706(a)(1)-(14).




n48.  See H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong., 2d Sess. 150 (1994).




n49.  12 U.S.C.4706(b).




n50.  H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong., 2d Sess. 150 (1994).




n51.  12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1), (d)(1). A CDFI could be eligible for an additional $
3.75 million for a subsidiary it forms in a State or metropolitan area other
than the state or metropolitan area it currently serves. Id. 4707(d)(2). The
Fund may not own more than 50% of a CDFI by virtue of an equity investment and
cannot control a CDFI's operations. Id. 4707(a)(2)(A).




n52.  Id. 4707(e)(1). CDFIs can count retained earnings as matching resources.
H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong., 2d Sess. 151 (1994).




n53.  12 U.S.C. 4707(e)(2)-(3).




n54.  Id. 4707(b)(1). No funds may be spent for government lobbying activities
of any kind.  Id. 4707(b)(2).




n55.  Id. 4707(a)(1)(B)(I)-(iii), (c)(1). See id. 4708-4709 for specifics on the
Fund's power to establish both in-house and independent training programs.
Examples of outside "expert organization" include Shorebank Advisory Services, a
subsidiary of Shorebank that has helped start community development banks in
Arkansas and Portland, Oregon. See also Barbara F. Bronstein, Shore Bank in
Chicago Plays Mentor for Other Development Banks, Am. Banker, Nov. 14, 1994, at
6 [hereinafter Shore Bank] (describing Shorebank Corporation's for-profit
consulting firm, Shorebank Advisory Services, which shares the bank's expertise
in the area of community development banking).




n56.  12 U.S.C. 4707(e)(1).




n57.  Id. 4710.




n58.  Id. 4707(f)(2)(A), (C). Performance goals should be set in accordance with
the strategic plan submitted by the CDFI in its application. Id. 4707(f)(2)(B).




n59.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 11 (1993).




n60.  12 U.S.C. 4714(a), (e)(1).




n61.  Id. 4714(b).




n62.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 15 (1993).




n63.  12 U.S.C. 4714(d) (1994).




n64.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 7 (1993) ("Mainstream lenders will
continue to be the major suppliers of credit for community development
activities.").




n65.  12 U.S.C. 4713(b) (1994).




n66.  Id. 1834(a).




n67.  H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong., 2d Sess. 153 (1994). The BEA portion
of the CDFI Act was not part of the original bill. It was introduced in November
1993 by Representatives Floyd Flake, Jim Leach, and Tom Ridge, and sparked
opposition by the Treasury Department. Treasury argued that financial
institutions already had an obligation to invest in under-served areas under the
CRA. By June 1994, however, Treasury had agreed to the BEA amendment after
negotiating leverage ratios between the direct investment and the BEA program.
Treasury Accepts Bank Enterprise Act Funding in Recent Proposal on CDFI Bill,
BNA Banking Daily, June 9, 1994; Rep. Flake Objects to Reported Treasury
Opposition to House Bank Enterprise Act, BNA Banking Daily, May 16, 1994;
Housing Banking Committee Passes Community Bank, Regulatory Relief Bills, BNA
Banking Daily, Nov. 15, 1993.




n68.  12 U.S.C. 4713(a).




n69.  Id. 4713(a)(2).




n70.  Id. 1834(a)(h)(1)(A)-(C).




n71.  Id. 4713(b)(3). The Federal Reserve Board has recently amended Regulations
H and Y respective to permit state member banks and bank holding companies to
make equity investments in CDFIs of no more than five percent of their capital
stock without obtaining prior approval.  See 59 Fed. Reg. 63706 (1995) (to be
codified at 12 C.F.R. 208.21); 59 Fed. Reg. 63712 (1995) (to be codified at 12
C.F.R. 225.127).




n72.  H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 652, 103d Cong., 2d Sess. 153 (1994).




n73.  Christopher Gunn & Hazel Dayton Gunn, Reclaiming Capital 69 (1991).




n74.  Coalition of Community Development Financial Institutions, Principles of
Community Development Lending & Proposals for Key Federal Support 2 (1993)
[hereinafter Coalition] (listing South Shore Bank in Chicago, Elk Horn Bank in
Arkansas, Community Capital Bank in New York, and the Self-Help Credit Union in
North Carolina).




n75.  South Shore Bank is the brain child of four former employees of the Hyde
Park Bank, who, in the late 1960s, sat around the Eagle Bar after work throwing
down beers and throwing around ideas for developing some sort of privately
capitalized institution to solve a wide range of inner-city problems. They knew
that to succeed the institution must have capital, access to credit, superior
talent, and the capacity to take initiative. Although they originally ruled out
the bank form, they eventually did settle on the bank holding company structure,
because the Federal Reserve permitted bank holding companies to perform
community development work through equity investments in community development
corporations. Ronald Grzywinski, Chairman, Shorebank Corporation Remarks at the
Political Economy Club of the University of Chicago (Apr. 25, 1995) (transcript
on file with author). See David Osborne, Laboratories of Democracy 305-11 (1988)
(giving a brief history of the South Shore Bank).




n76.  Shore Bank, supra note 55, at 6.




n77.  Id.




n78.  See Osborne, supra note 75, at 310. The market is not the only
disciplinary force for CDBs. Because they are regulated by federal banking
agencies, they must also "meet industry performance norms." Gunn & Gunn, supra
note 73, at 72.




n79.  Mary Houghton, President, Shorebank Corporation, Remarks at the political
Economy Club of the University of Chicago (Apr. 25, 1995) (transcript on file
with author).




n80.  Id.




n81.  See Osborne, supra note 75, at 306.




n82.  Ronald Grzywinski, Chairman, Shorebank Corporation, Remarks at the
Political Economy Club of the University of Chicago (Apr. 25, 1995) (transcript
on file with author).




n83.  Id.




n84.  Robyn Meredith, Chief of Clinton's Favorite Bank has Some Bones to Pick
with CRA, Am. Banker, Dec. 20, 1994, at 1.




n85.  Id.




n86.  Shore Bank, supra note 55, at 6.




n87.  See Osborne, supra note 75, at 305; Shore Bank, supra note 55, at 6.




n88.  Southern Regional Economic Conference Session IV: Investing in Sustained
Growth and Job Creation, U.S. Newswire, Mar. 30, 1995 (dissussing Knoxville
Community Development Bank's entrepreneur school which educates consumers about
buying homes or securing mortgages.)




n89.  Meredith, supra note 84, at 1.




n90.  Id. South Shore has a return on equity of 12.5%, and a return on assets of
0.85%. Id.




n91.  Id.




n92.  Id.




n93.  Gunn & Gunn, supra note 73, at 71.




n94.  Id. at 73. The Center for Community Self-Help in North Carolina was able
to make $ 25 million in development loans from $ 6 million in state and
foundation seed money. Gunn, supra note 73, at 73. Community activists also
encourage more traditional banking presence in distressed communities because
increased banking services might drive out the more expensive forms of financial
services such as check cashing stations. See CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 537
(statement of Margot Saunders & Kathleen Keest, National Consumer Law Center).




n95.  Osborne, supra note 75, at 311.




n96.  Id.




n97.  Coalition, supra note 74, at 167.




n98.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 11 (1993) ("The National
Association of Community Development Credit Unions reports that thirty-five
percent of member credit union households have incomes less than $ 10,000, and
70% have incomes less than $ 20,000.").




n99.  Coalition, supra note 74, at 167.




n100.  Id.




n101.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 202 (statement of Congresswoman Mary
Kaptur).




n102.  Id. at 209 (statement of Robert H. Swan, Board Member, NCUA).




n103.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 11 (1993).




n104.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 209 (statement of Robert H. Swan, Board
Member, NCUA).




n105.  BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 341-42 (statement of Robert H. Swan,
Board Member, NCUA).




n106.  12 U.S.C. 4718(b).




n107.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 11 (1993).




n108.  Coalition, supra note 74, at 167.




n109.  Id. Individuals and institutional socially conscious investors receive
below-market rates for their investments in CDLFs. Id.




n110.  Gunn & Gunn, supra note 73, at 67.




n111.  Coalition, supra note 74, at 167.




n112.  Gunn & Gunn, supra note 73, at 67.




n113.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 11 (1993).




n114.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 202 (statement of Congresswoman Marcy
Kaptur); S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 11 (1993).




n115.  Gunn & Gunn, supra note 73, at 67.




n116.  BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 462 (statement of Susan F. Krause, Senior
Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision Policy, Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency).




n117.  Greenspan Remarks, supra note 25.




n118.  Although this essay does not address the critical race aspects of the
CDFI Act, a strong argument could be made that the Act empowers minority
communities by helping them to build communities in their own visions. In this
way, it avoids the traditional stigma associated with government transfer
payments. Contrast the Act's empowerment effect with the assimilational effects
found by Anthony D. Taibi that adhere to traditional civil rights laws, such as
equality or affirmative action statutes. See generally Taibi, supra note 29.




n119.  I use the term "allocative risk" to describe both (1) the risk of loss to
the government from making investments in institutions that fail completely, and
(2) the risk of suboptimal investments in institutions that, on average,
under-perform their peer institutions.




n120.  See Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act, 12
U.S.C. 4704 (b)(2)-(6) (1994).




n121.  See id. 4707 (f)(2)(B).




n122.  See id. 4707 (f)(2)(C).




n123.  See supra text accompanying notes 36-42.




n124.  For instance, the newly formed Albina Community Development Bank in
Portland, Oregon is planning to apply for CDFI funding. Terrence O'Hara, Veteran
CEO Sparks Ore. Community Development Bank, Am. Banker, Aug. 30, 1994, at 6.




n125.  In February of 1995 President Clinton nominated Kirsten Moy, a vice
president with Equitable Real Estate Management, to be the first Fund
Administrator. Moy of Equitable to Head Federal CDFI Program, Bank Letter, Feb.
13, 1995, at 4.




n126.  For instance, the Small Business Administration's Microloan Program does
not as of yet have a strict competitive performance-based grant system. See
Small Business Administration Loan Program: Hearings Before the House Comm. on
Small Business, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. (1995) [hereinafter SBA Microloan
Hearings].




n127.  I use the term geographic risk to describe the risk to an investor if
holding a portfolio of investments located in essentially the same geographic
area. If that area suffers economically, the investment portfolio will likely
suffer as well.




n128.  David Shyrock, President of South Shore Bank, explains that the most
successful community banking strategies include "focusing on one neighborhood
[to] spur a local renaissance." Meredith, supra note 84, at 1.




n129.  Recent efforts to create a secondary market for CDFI small business and
other loans would reduce the risk faced by geographically undiversified CDFIs.
See 12 U.S.C. 4712 (permitting the Fund to help establish a secondary market for
CDFI loans).




n130.  Macey & Miller, supra note 21, at 324.




n131.  Id. at 324. ("The CRA imposes yet another risk for depository
institutions: It reduces their ability to diversify their asset portfolio by
making loans outside their local geographic areas.").




n132.  12 U.S.C. 4718 (A)-(D) (1994).




n133.  H.R. 2666; The Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions
Act of 1993: Hearings on H.R. 2666 Before the House Comm. on Banking, Finance
and Urban Affairs, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 68-69 (1993) (testimony of Michael B.
Levy, Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs).




n134.  Id. at 68.




n135.  Id.




n136.  Id.




n137.  Id. at 69.




n138.  12 U.S.C. 4718(a)(2)(A).




n139.  Clinton's Community Development Banks Could Lose U.S. Funding, Bank
Letter, Dec. 12, 1994, at 1.




n140.  12 U.S.C. 4718(a)(2)(A).




n141.  Douglass P. Suit, Med. Assn. to Cite High Private Health Plan Costs, L.
A. Times, Apr. 18, 1995, at A3. Health care analysts argue that the nation's
eight largest health maintenance organizations, that average 21.6% in
administrative costs, must begin to cut costs. Milt Freudenheim, A Bitter Pill
for the H.M.O.'s, N. Y. Times, Apr. 28, 1995, at D1.




n142.  Ann Perry, Disciples of Managed Money, The San Diego Union-Trib., May 10,
1993, at C1, C2.




n143.  Non-profit foundations that perform the same type of grant-giving work as
the CDFI Fund have highly variable levels of administrative expenses due to the
nature and quality of the particular organization. Horror stories abound. The
Points of Light Foundation, inspired by President George Bush, recently reported
that over a period of four years, it incurred $ 22.3 million in administrative
expenses while distributing only $ 4 million in grants. Report: Points of Light
Spent $ 35.8 Million to Give $ 4 Million to Charity, Boston Globe, Jan. 10,
1995, at 6.




n144.  SBA Microloan Hearings, supra note 126.




n145.  For an example, see Meredith, supra note 84, at 3.




n146.  Id.




n147.  12 U.S.C. 2903.




n148.  Greenspan Remarks, supra note 25. ("Banks are not philanthropic
institutions, and if approached with this in mind, they are unlikely to be
substantial reliable partners over time.").




n149.  Japanese Bank Earns Top Rating on CRA Compliance, Thomson's Int'l Banking
Regulator, Mar. 27, 1995, at 3. (Eric Tarlow, Associate General Counsel of IBJ
Schroder Bank & Trust Co., admitted that traditional commercial banks "can't
deliver products directly to low and moderate income people" and therefore turn
to non-profit intermediaries.).




n150.  The President of South Shore Bank argues that large banks are good at
lending in the $ 5 million to $ 15 million range, whereas CDFIs are comfortable
lending in $ 150,000 or smaller increments. Meredith, supra note 84, at 1.




n151.  See supra text accompanying notes 27-28.




n152.  See Saul Hansell, Time to Break Up the Banking Behemoths?, N.Y. Times,
Apr. 7, 1995, at D1 (reporting that institutional investors are pressuring large
money center banks to focus on specific market niches rather than offering full
service banking).




n153.  In addition to choosing a less efficient actor to solve community
development problems, the CRA uses less efficient means than does the Act. The
CRA and CRA enforcement stress process, including documentation and intention,
rather than performance. BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 463 (statement of Susan
F. Krause, Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision Policy, Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency).




n154.  See supra text accompanying notes 71-116.




n155.  Macey & Miller, supra note 21, at 304-06 (citing legal and technological
changes that have given banks a global outlook).




n156.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103 Cong., 1st Sess. 8 (1993).




n157.  Greenspan Remarks, supra note 25 (arguing that sound community
development lending should be local institutions with experienced community
lending groups).




n158.  For a general discussion of CDFIs' community development specialization,
see supra text accompanying notes 71-116.




n159.  But see supra text accompanying note 42 (citing Congress' intent to fund
a vast array of CDFIs without favoritism). Congress was most likely trying to
avoid the unhealthy favoritism of an Administrator who was captured by one type
of institution. Favoritism based on institutional competition should be looked
upon favorably.




n160.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 181 (statement of Bryant Hassel, Center
for Community Self-Help).




n161.  Macey & Miller, supra note 21, at 311.




n162.  Treasury Accepts Bank Enterprise Act Funding in Recent Proposal on CDFI
Bill, BNA Banking Daily, June 8, 1994.




n163.  Few Incentives for Banks in Community Development Law, Am. Banker, Sept.
26, 1994, at 3.




n164.  President Clinton Signs Into Law Community Development Banking/Regulatory
Relief Bill, BNA Banking Rep., Sept. 26, 1994, at 401-402.




n165.  Fleet Forms Community Development Corporation, PR Newswire, Nov. 30,
1994, at 113. Yet, Fleet's credit to the CDFI Act is somewhat suspect given that
three months later it announced plans to merge with Shawmut National
Corporation. Perhaps Fleet's capitalization of the CDC was a move to preempt
community activist protests under the CRA. See Saul Hansell, Fleet Financial
Offers $ 3.7 Billion for Shawmut, N.Y. Times, Feb. 22, 1995, at D1.




n166.  City of Los Angeles and Fannie Mae Set $ 3.3 Billion, Five-Year
Comprehensive Housing Investment Strategy, PR Newswire, Jan. 27, 1995, at 127.




n167.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 7 (1993).




n168.  CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 584 (statement of Mark A. Willis of the
the American Bankers Association).




n169.  Macey & Miller, supra note 21, at 311.




n170.  See Financial Institutions: Independent Report Endorses Spreading
reinvestment Obligation to Non-Banks, BNA Daily Rep. for Executives, Apr. 5,
1995, at A65 (An independent report by the Southern Finance Project "advocates
... spreading the reinvestment obligation currently shouldered by banks and
thrift to each sector of the financial industry."); see also Community and
Consumer Groups Call on Insurers to Invest in California Community to Create
Jobs and Housing, Bus. Wire, Mar. 23, 1995.




n171.  See CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 560 (statement of James Lauffer,
President, the Independent Bankers Association of America); BEA Hearings, supra
note 18, at 184 (statement of John H. Keck, President, Union National Bank); id.
at 332 (statement of John P. Kelly, Jr., President, Founders National Bank); id.
at 383 (statement of Stanley J. Poling, Director, Division of Supervision,
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation).




n172.  For instance, see CDI Hearings, supra note 18, at 559 (statement of James
Lauffer, President, the Independent Bankers Association of America).




n173.  Meredith, supra note 84, at 1; see also supra text accompanying notes
140-43.




n174.  See supra text accompanying notes 140-43.




n175.  S. Rep. No. 169, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 8 (1993).




n176.  For instance, John Kelly, President of Founders National Bank, a
minority-owned bank in Los Angeles, would like to see "significiant CRA for
non-minority institutions who invest Tier One capital into minority banks." BEA
Hearings, supra note 18, at 331.




n177.  See supra text accompanying notes 143-64.




n178.  See supra text accompanying notes 103-105.




n179.  BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 378 (statement of Stanley J. Poling,
Director, Division of Supervision, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation).




n180.  12 U.S.C. 4710.




n181.  See generally Macey & Miller, supra note 21.




n182.  BEA Hearings, supra note 18, at 465 (statement of Susan F. Krause, Senior
Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision Policy, Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency).




n183.  Id. at 461; see also SBA Microloan Hearings, supra note 126.


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday

The Bank of Russia announced a draft direction "About forms, terms and procedure
of preparation and presentation to the Bank of Russia documents that contain a
report about microfinance activities...", according to the direction,
microfinance organizations can be permitted to settle the entire amount loaned
separately for microloans granted to acquire goods and services (POS-microloans)
. According to the market participants, new category will release microfinance
organizations from operating at a loss

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 229

LENGTH: 18 words


Reference: Valeria Frantseva "Microloans Divided into Categories", Kommersant,
No.227, December 9, 2015, p.8

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                     September 27, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Grameen America Disburses Over $100M in Microloans

LENGTH: 180  words


New Delhi, Sept. 27 -- Grameen America, founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus, has expanded across the country to provide over $100M in
microloans to women living in poverty. In just five years the microlender has
provided more than 40,000 microloans to help build small businesses.



"Reaching $100M in loans disbursed is a significant milestone, but the real
success lies in the remarkable women who have used these loans to expand their
businesses, create jobs and transform communities across the country," said
Stephen A. Vogel, CEO of Grameen America.

Typical loans of $1,500 enable members to purchase a sewing machine to start a
home-based tailoring business, to buy a small food cart, or to rent a chair in a
hair salon to begin providing services.

Grameen America borrowers grow their businesses with each loan. "Participating
in the Grameen Program has made me see that there are still people out there
that believe in what you can do," said Delia, a Grameen America borrower.
Grameen America provides continued support to entrepreneurs as their businesses
grow.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 17, 2005 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SMALL LOAN, BIG IMPACT;
HOW THE CALIFORNIA CAPITAL ACCESS PROGRAM HELPED WILLIAM HONG, A SMALL-BUSINESS
OWNER WITH NO CREDIT HISTORY, BREATHE NEW LIFE INTO HIS SANTA CLARA FAST-FOOD
RESTAURANT AFTER BANKS DENIED HIM A TRADITIONAL BUSINESS LOAN

BYLINE: MICHELE CHANDLER, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 959 words


The first bank William Hong contacted about getting a loan to shore up his fast
food restaurant turned him down. He asked a second bank and was told they would
probably do the same.

"They said I didn't have any credit history. Without credit, you can't borrow,"
said Hong, a native of Korea who moved to Santa Clara with his wife and two
children in 2003 and used savings to lease the Don Don eatery in Santa Clara.

But Hong needed a loan. Money was so short at the end of every month, he
regularly paid several bills late.

Then the bank representative who had turned Hong down for a business loan told
him about Lenders for Community Development, a non-profit organization in San
Jose set up to help ultra-small, fledgling companies obtain credit. Hong
applied, submitting his monthly sales as proof of the business's viability. Soon
he'd been approved for a $5,000 loan and $5,000 line of credit that enabled him
to advertise, buy better equipment and steady his restaurant's finances.

Hong and hundreds of other small-business owners are beneficiaries of
microlending programs devised to help companies that don't qualify for
conventional small business loans.

In California, 14 lenders award loans to small firms under the California
Capital Access Program. Last year, they awarded about 321 microloans, nearly
triple the number awarded under the state's so-called "CalCap" program in 2001.

Microloans can be as little as $500 and as much as $40,000. Entrepreneurs have
used the money to launch or shore up a host of tiny companies, including
housekeeping firms, day care centers, catering businesses, trucking firms, party
equipment rental companies and hair salons.

While the interest rates paid are typically higher than a business loan obtained
through a conventional bank -- as much as 11 percent, compared with about 9
percent for a regular small business loan -- the repayment period is often
longer.

"This is a good program to help people like me, a small business with no credit
history," said Hong.

Awarding modest loans to up-and-coming entrepreneurs is an approach that's taken
hold throughout the developing world as a way to pull people out of poverty.
More recently, it's become a strategy championed by California Treasurer Phil
Angelides. Since taking office in 1999, he retooled the state'sCalifornia
Capital Access Program to make smaller awards to people sometimes considered
unqualified for small business loans by conventional banks. It's a way to build
the state's employment base, Angelides said.

'Smaller and smaller'

"The smallest businesses have the hardest time getting credit. If you look, it
is the new business start-ups that are creating jobs," he said. "We decided to
reach lower to smaller and smaller businesses to give more people a chance to
own and start businesses and get credit."

Entrepreneurs getting the loans must have been turned down by banks. The
companies typically have five or fewer employees.

The state's program does not directly award loans to small companies. The state
directs money to a network of financial institutions, including not-for-profit
community lenders which use their own criteria to evaluate the current financial
health and future potential of new companies. Those groups chose which
entrepreneurs receive loans. If the microcompanies later default, the state's
money is used to partially reimburse the lender for its loss.

Non-profit groups lending money to microbusinesses also receive funds from
foundations and federal government grants. Even conventional banks contribute
money to the non-profit groups' loan pools. Banks are required by federal law to
provide loans and credit in all communities they serve.

Last year, San Jose-based Lenders for Community Development -- one of the top
microlenders in Santa Clara and Alameda counties -- received $23,000 from the
state as a loan-loss reserve, which the organization matched.

Between 3 and 4 percent of the $580,000 in loans made last year by the
non-profit was not paid back by the business owners or covered by their
collateral or the state's reserve dollars. In contrast, the default rate for
loans awarded by the U.S. Small Business Administration is about 10 percent.

'Loan-loss reserve'

The so-called "loan-loss reserve" Lenders for Community Development receives
from the state "allows us to take more risk because we have this additional
financial cushion, and reach more small business owners that otherwise won't
qualify" for loans, said Anthony Chang, small business loan program manager for
the organization. "It definitely is an incentive for us," he said.

During the past five years, California regulators have increased the number of
lenders across the state authorized to make microloans. That's enabled other
would-be business owners to open and grow companies, including Long Nguyen of
San Jose. He launched a laptop computer repair firm, GL Services, in Milpitas in
2000.

After working for a host of large companies, Nguyen wanted his own business and
enlisted a partner he knew from work. But Nguyen couldn't get a small business
loan because the banks considered his credit card debt too high, he said.

A loan officer with one of the banks that turned Nguyen down told him about the
state's CalCap program and Nguyen applied. The 41-year-old was approved and used
his first loan, $25,000, to buy equipment and advertise. The growing company now
has 22 employees and business from as far away as Hawaii, Texas, Florida and
even New York.

"I was not giving up," said Nguyen said.
312 -- Microloans awarded in 2004, 59 percent of total number of loans.
114 -- Microloans awarded in 2001, 33 percent of total number of loans.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (3);
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
[William Hong]
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
William Hong, owner of Don Don Japanese restaurant, hands a meal to a customer
in Santa Clara on Wednesday.
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
William Hong, owner of Don Don Japanese restaurant in Santa Clara, has benefited
from a microloan.

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 2, 2014

Improvements to USDA beginning farmer loans;
WHERE I STAND; TRACI BRUCKNER CENTER FOR RURAL AFFAIRS

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 266  words


USDA recently announced several changes to Farm Service Agency loan programs,
changes designed to help more beginning farmers and ranchers. The new interim
final rule will increase the Microloan limit from $35,000 to $50,000. This
program provides a simplified application process and a seven-year payback.
Microloans can be used for approved operating expenses, such as seed,
fertilizer, utilities, land rents, marketing, distribution, living expenses,
livestock, equipment, hoop houses, tools, irrigation and delivery vehicles.

USDA is also changing the experience requirement for Farm Service Agency Direct
Farm Ownership loans. Previously, applicants had to prove they participated in
the operations of a farm for at least three years. Beginning farmers across the
country identified this restriction as a real barrier. It is not reflective of
current realities in which new farmers enter agriculture.

The change will allow beginning farmers and ranchers to substitute one year of
that three-year requirement with a formal farming apprenticeship, operation or
management of a non-farm business, leadership or management experience while
serving in any branch of the military, advanced education in an agricultural
field and significant experience in a farm-related agricultural career.

USDA also proposes changing the types of farming entities eligible to apply,
potentially opening the door to non-majority investors who are not actively
farming or managing the operation. We'll watch these changes closely. The
deadline to submit public comments on these changes to the USDA is Monday, Dec.
8.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Lassen County Times


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Emergency loans available, Mayor Wong announces

BYLINE: Sentinel and Enterprise

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 169 words


FITCHBURG - Fitchburg Mayor Lisa Wong is pleased to announce a new short-term
emergency loan program for existing businesses in an effort to avoid the loss of
jobs due to hardships created by the December 11, ice storm.

The new program can provide up to $10,000 of interest-free working capital for
easing short-term cash flow deficits.

Loans are provided through the Fitchburg Industrial Development Financing
Authority's (IDFA) Microloan Program, funded through the City's Community
Development Block Grant Program.

"We were happy to learn early this week that the IDFA Microloan funds could be
used to help some of our local businesses recover from this unprecedented storm
event," Wong said.

Funds for this loan program are limited and will be reviewed on an individual
basis through Jan. 16.

Applications and information can be found at DiscoverFitchburg.com, by visiting
the Fitchburg Economic Development Division at City Hall, 718 Main St.,
e-mailing FitchburgEDD@fitchburg-ma.gov or by calling 1-(978) 345-9596.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday
                                   C3 Edition

Noland under fire for fliers

BYLINE: By Kerry Lester klester@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 584 words


State Sen. Michael Noland is being criticized for what his Republican opponent
says are exaggerations included in two mailers about legislation passage, job
creation and construction funding.

Steve Rauschenberger, an Elgin Republican trying to reclaim the seat he held for
14 years, says his opponent is trying to "confuse the issues" with the mailers.
Noland says it's splitting hairs, all part of what he calls a calculated attack
by Illinois Republicans trying to create "frustration and chaos" before the Nov.
2 election.

The first, a flier paid for by Citizens for Noland, boasts the Elgin Democrat is
committed to "public service that gets results" and that he has effected change
in three major areas: creating jobs, achieving ethics reform and fighting for
tax relief. Noland's achievements are listed in bullet points under each area,
with a notation made to legislation where he served as a chief sponsor.

Under the "creating jobs" section, Noland notes he is the chief sponsor of
legislation providing microloans to small businesses.

The senator did sponsor the legislation, which passed the Senate but was then
amended in the House -- deleting all language dealing with the microloans, a
fact Noland acknowledged. The flier also boasts "$40 million and 500 jobs for
Harper College" in cooperation with local businesses, and "$18 million and 300
jobs for lifesaving access to St. Alexius Hospital at the I-90 interchange and
Barrington Road." Both projects are contained within the 2009 capital bill, on
which Noland is not listed as a chief sponsor.

Phil Burdick, Harper College spokesman, said Noland, along with Senate President
John Cullerton, did help get Harper's Engineering and Technology Center
renovations on the capital funding list, but the project still is unfunded and
unscheduled.

Like the Harper project, the interchange project is on the capital funding list.
But because funding has not been secured, the project has not yet begun.

Rauschenberger held the 22nd Senate seat from 1992 to 2006, before vacating it
to run for lieutenant governor, a bid he lost. A former Senate appropriations
committee chairman, he said there is a major difference between funding being
appropriated and granted to specific projects, especially given the state's
budget situation.

Noland said the claims are "not misleading at all, because these (projects) are
so far along. These tasks are all but complete. We just need, because of the way
the capital bill was written, we need the Republican caucuses to sign on the
dotted line to issue the bonds necessary."

In Noland's taxpayer-funded legislative update, which arrived in 22nd District
mailboxes last weekend, he mentioned on the front page he "helped our local
schools get $22 million in additional funding," legislation he sponsored that
was vetoed by Gov. Pat Quinn last month.

At the time, Noland described the veto as an "understandably calculated
decision" by Quinn. Pages into the mailing, Noland mentions the legislation
awaits the governor's signature.

On Friday, he acknowledged the mailing likely had been printed before the
governor's veto, but "in securing the $22 million we were able to secure the
appropriation through the legislature, and the governor vetoed it. We did our
part. ... The fight's not over yet,"

he said.

In June, Noland corrected an e-mail sent out by his private campaign asking for
donations that also listed his taxpayer-funded Springfield and Elgin offices,
which critics charged solicited donations from state property.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS



       Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Macroeconomics (English)

                     April 22, 2010 Thursday 5:41 PM GMT +3

Lipetsk regional fund provided $2mn in SME microloans in 1q10

SECTION: MACROECONOMICS

LENGTH: 70  words


LIPETSK. The Lipetsk Region fund of assistance to small and medium-sized
enterprises has provided RUR56.9mn ($2mn, or (EURO)1.5mn) worth of 95 microloans
to SMEs since the start of the year.

The fund was established as part of the anti-crisis programme and began
operation on April 21, 2009. It issued microloans totalling RUR145.6mn to 210
SMEs last year.

The fund's volume today is RUR341.5mn ($11.7mn, or (EURO)8.7mn).

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_MACRO


                      Copyright 2002 - 2010 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Chatfield News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2014

Improvements made to beginning farmer loans

BYLINE: The Chatfield News staff

LENGTH: 322  words


USDA recently announced several changes to Farm Service Agency (FSA) loan
programs, changes designed to help more beginning farmers and ranchers.

The new "interim final rule" will increase the Microloan limit from $35,000 to
$50,000. This program provides a simplified application process and a seven year
payback. Microloans can be used for approved operating expenses, such as seed,
fertilizer, utilities, land rents, marketing, distribution, living expenses,
livestock, equipment, hoop houses, tools, irrigation and delivery vehicles.

USDA is also changing the "experience" requirement for FSA Direct Farm Ownership
loans. Previously, applicants had to prove they participated in the operations
of a farm for at least three years. Beginning farmers across the country
identified this restriction as a real barrier. It is not reflective of current
realities in which new farmers enter agriculture.

The change will allow beginning

farmers and ranchers to substitute one year of that three-year requirement with
a formal farming apprenticeship, operation or management of a non-farm business,
leadership or management experience while serving in any branch of the military,
advanced education in an agricultural field, and significant experience in a
farm-related agricultural career.

USDA also proposes changing the types of farming entities eligible to apply,
potentially opening the door to non-majority investors who are not actively
farming or managing the operation. We'll watch these changes closely. The
deadline to submit public comments on these changes to the USDA is Dec. 8.

Contact Traci Bruckner, tracib@cfra.org for more information. Bruckner is with
the Center for Rural Affairs. Established in 1973, the center is a private,
non-profit organization working to strengthen small businesses, family farms and
ranches, and rural communities through action oriented programs addressing
social, economic, and environmental issues.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 The Chatfield News


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2014

Improvements to USDA Beginning Farmer Loans;
Public Interest

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 276  words


USDA recently announced several changes to Farm Service Agency (FSA) loan
programs, changes designed to help more beginning farmers and ranchers. The new
"interim final rule" will increase the Microloan limit from $35,000 to $50,000.
This program provides a simplified application process and a seven year payback.
Microloans can be used for approved operating expenses, such as seed,
fertilizer, utilities, land rents, marketing, distribution, living expenses,
livestock, equipment, hoop houses, tools, irrigation and delivery vehicles.

USDA is also changing the "experience" requirement for FSA Direct Farm Ownership
loans. Previously, applicants had to prove they participated in the operations
of a farm for at least three years. Beginning farmers across the country
identified this restriction as a real barrier. It is not reflective of current
realities in which new farmers enter agriculture.

The change will allow beginning farmers and ranchers to substitute one year of
that three-year requirement with a formal farming apprenticeship, operation or
management of a non-farm business, leadership or management experience while
serving in any branch of the military, advanced education in an agricultural
field, and significant experience in a farm-related agricultural career.

USDA also proposes changing the types of farming entities eligible to apply,
potentially opening the door to non-majority investors who are not actively
farming or managing the operation. We'll watch these changes closely. The
deadline to submit public comments on these changes to the USDA is December 8,
2014. Contact Traci Bruckner, tracib@cfra.org, for more information.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 West Lyon Herald


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 12, 2009 Friday

Cassidy: Microlending taking off in U.S., too

BYLINE: By Mike Cassidy Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: VENTURE CAPITAL; Business; Columnists

LENGTH: 754 words


Yeah, yeah. I was sure I knew all about microfinancing.

Kiva.org . Muhammad Yunus. Creating entrepreneurs and changing lives for an
investment of pennies a day in India, Pakistan, Vietnam and the rest of the
developing world.

I'm a smart guy, see. So smart that I recently found myself standing in a
business started with a microloan in the exotic outpost of Mountain View, Calif.
It was a dance studio that I'd driven by dozens of times, never giving a thought
to where the money came from for the rent, costumes or the sound system that
plays the music that keeps the aspiring ballerinas quite literally on their
toes.

I ended up at Stars in the Light dance studio after a conversation with Eric
Weaver, CEO of San Jose-based Opportunity Fund. The nonprofit is the biggest
microlender in the Bay Area. And it so happens it loaned Svetlana Taran $15,000
so she could open the Mountain View studio.

"There have been people practicing microfinance in California for years," Weaver
told me. "And maybe there is not a lot of awareness that it is happening here."

Me? Not aware?

Turns out microfinance is big in the United States, though not as big as Weaver
and many others would like it to be. Opportunity Fund says there are at least 20
million U.S. microbusinesses, which generally means businesses employing fewer
than five that borrowed less than $35,000   often much less   to start up.

And just this week Kiva, the San Francisco nonprofit that made international
microfinance a household name, launched a Web-based way for individuals to make
small loans to small businesses in the United States.

Microloans, typically a few thousand dollars, are aimed at helping people raise
themselves out of poverty. They go to entrepreneurs who can't get conventional
credit: immigrants, women with little credit history, borrowers with good
prospects but bad past credit.

The loans are usually made through nonprofits with money from foundations,
government grants and traditional lenders. The loans come with business
education and advice.

Weaver's organization has loaned about $10 million to 800 Bay Area businesses
since 1995. Still, Opportunity Fund estimates that about 50,000 potential
enterprises in the area need microfinancing help.

"Somebody can use it to buy toys and furniture and open a licensed family day
care and begin generating income," Weaver says. "They can buy a second hot dog
cart."

The option is more important than ever as the Great Recession drags on. Weaver
says he can think of few better economic stimulus plans. Small businesses create
jobs even in hard times, while big companies cut them.

Yes, expanding microlending depends on donors. The loans are paid back with
interest. (It's a big range. Think roughly 5 to 15 percent from nonprofit
lenders.) But nonprofits don't always recover the full cost of making the loan
and providing support.

Weaver says microlenders also need to get the word out among potential
borrowers.

"The one thing I think we need most to take it to scale," he says, "is raising
the awareness that it is here so that people know to look for it."

To that end Opportunity Fund, Kiva and Silicon Valley Community Foundation late
last month hosted a daylong microfinance conference at Stanford University. The
day's agenda was none-to-subtly labeled "Microfinance: It's Happening in Our
Backyard." About 500 attended to debate the future of the industry in the United
States and to discuss models that might broaden the success of the practice.

It was during one of those sessions, a field trip to two businesses launched
with microloans, that a group of conference attendees met Taran and even took an
impromptu salsa lesson from her.

Taran, who was a dancer in Russia before immigrating in 1991, had always wanted
to open a studio. But banks wanted nothing to do with her.

"I couldn't show them a business being active for several years," she says. "I
could not show them a profit-and-loss statement."

Instead she went to Opportunity Fund, which focused on her passion and her
ability to learn from the organization's business education program.

Taran moved into the studio in February. She's hired two instructors and
enrolled 17 students   children and adults. One day, she says, she'd like to see
her operation grow into an academy that attracts dancers from Italy, Russia,
Switzerland and elsewhere. You know, an international dance academy.

Yes, an international dance academy. Built on microloans. Right here in Silicon
Valley.

Contact Mike Cassidy at mcassidy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5536.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: June 10, 2009Svetlana Taran teaches dance to students at her Mountain
View, Calif., dance studio Stars in the Light. Dances include Ballet, Jive and
Cha Cha with curriculum for both children and adults. (Paul Myers/ Mercury News)

June 10, 2009Students (left to right) Alice Finkelstein, Emiliya Ileeva and
Anastasia Atlosova practice under Svetlana Taran at Stars in the Light in
Mountain View, Calif. Dances include Ballet, Jive and Cha Cha with curriculum
for both children and adults. (Paul Myers/ Mercury News)
June 10, 2009Svetlana Taran during dance practice with student Alan Finkelstein,
left, while Anastasia Atlosova rests at Stars in the Light in Mountain View,
Calif. (Paul Myers/ Mercury News)
June 10, 2009Svetlana Taran teaches dance to students, including Emiliya Ileeva,
at her Mountain View dance studio Stars in the Light. Dances include Ballet,
Jive and Cha Cha with curriculum for both children and adults. (Paul Myers/
Mercury News)
June 10, 2009Svetlana Taran teaches dance to students, including Emiliya Ileeva,
at her Mountain View dance studio Stars in the Light. Dances include Ballet,
Jive and Cha Cha with curriculum for both children and adults. (Paul Myers/
Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Malvern Gazette

                              March 8, 2015 Sunday

Girl Guides raising money for women in Africa

SECTION: COMMUNITY NEWS

LENGTH: 102 words


A group of Malvern girl guides raised £100 for the Microloan Foundation on
Saturday 7th March 2015 by selling cakes on Avenue Road. Ella Webb, Elizabeth
White, Molly Horne, Darcy Horne, Poppy Sterry and Jasmine Cole from the Tenth
Malvern Guides set up a cake stall on Avenue Road to support the Microloan
foundation which helps some of the world's poorest women support their families
by providing small loans ( around £40) to set up self-sustainable businesses.
The profits from these businesses enable the women to work themselves and their
families out of poverty.

Based on information supplied by Alison Webb.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

Baltimore Mayor Rawlings-Blake touts microloan program

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 245  words


A small business loan program in Baltimore has made $45,000 microloans to two
local businesses in Hampden, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said Wednesday.

The BaltimoreMICRO program has helped The Charmery ice cream shop and owners of
the Lucky Cup Espresso Coffee Truck open for business recently, the mayor said.

Funded with $375,000 from donations from the city and state and administered by
the Baltimore Development Corp., the microloan program is focused on helping
small and local, minority and women-owned businesses obtain needed capital to
open their doors.

"I am committed to making sure Baltimore is a welcoming environment for small
businesses," said Rawlings-Blake, in a statement. "When they thrive and prosper,
our economy is stronger. I created BaltimoreMICRO to assist small businesses
that are unable to secure loans through traditional financing. As we move
forward, my administration will continue to take steps that make opportunities
for growth even more accessible to small businesses. "

The BaltimoreMICRO program works from a micro revolving loan fund established to
provide gap financing when access to credit is limited. Applicants must have a
credit score of 650 or higher and show that their businesses will help to grow
and create jobs.

Loans range from $5,000 to $30,000 with interest rates up to 8 percent.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 21, 2009 Friday

St. Paul agency tapped for expanded SBA program

BYLINE: Finance and Commerce Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 145  words


 The Neighborhood Development Center of St. Paul was one of eight new lenders
chosen by the U.S. Small Business Administration to originate loans under its
expanded Microloan program.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act delivered an additional $50 million
for loans and $24 million for technical assistance, to support microlenders like
the NDC.

SBA's Microloan Program supports microlenders like the NDC by providing them
with up to $3.5 million in low-cost loans from SBA to finance their lending to
small businesses.  SBA's interest rate to microlenders is based on the five-year
Treasury rate, with adjustments tied to a microlender's average loan size.

Those agencies then use the SBA funding to provide loans of up to $35,000 to
entrepreneurs, which can be used for working capital and acquisition of
materials, supplies, furniture, fixtures and equipment.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             April 22, 2013 Monday

Programme summary of Yekaterinburg's Yermak TV "Den" news 1230 gmt 19 Apr 13

LENGTH: 527 words


Presenter of "Den" news: Tatyana Zverzhanskaya.

1. 0055 Headlines over video: bankers and bailiffs warn people about risks of
microloans; Kurgan police uncover arms cache at auto repair shop; fingerprint
equipment installed at Salekhard migration service; presidential envoy visiting
cities ahead of Victory Day; and new system of handling ambulance calls.

2. 0125 Banking experts and bailiffs advise people against taking out microloans
at exorbitant interest rates. Video report from Yekaterinburg says microfinance
organizations have been sprouting up in the city. They offer loans at an annual
interest rate of up to 732 per cent. The local bailiff service is concerned that
taxpayers' money will have to be spent on recovering unpaid loans.

3. 0420 Kurgan police have found firearms and hand grenades stored in a local
auto repair shop.

4. 0450 Aleksey Zyryanov, director of the Bilimbay forestry farm, has been
arrested on charges of authorizing illegal logging.

5. 0545 The Salekhard branch of the Federal Migration Service has been using
fingerprint capture equipment since the start of the year. Video report says
foreigners filing for residence permits are required to have their fingerprints
taken. Correspondent notes that Russian residents are also interested in having
their fingerprints in the police database.

6. 0835 Presidential envoy to the Urals Federal District Igor Kholmanskikh has
taken part in the launch of a car rally celebrating the 68th anniversary of the
Soviet Union's victory in World War II.

7. 0930 Preparations are under way in Yekaterinburg for the Victory Day parade
on 9 May. Forty World War II veterans had their parade uniforms inspected.

8. 1025 Mortgage lending is increasing in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area
thanks to subsidies that the local government offers to public sector employees.
Correspondent says last year about half of homes were bought using mortgages; an
estimated R32.7bn (around 1.1bn dollars) worth of mortgage loans were advanced
in 2012.

9. 1255 More in part two.

10. 1320 Yekaterinburg traffic police have been running a check on motorists to
see if they use child car seats to transport their children. Video report.

11. 1540 Chelyabinsk Region governor Mikhail Yurevich has received the members
of the general public and community activists at the Russian president's public
liaison office to handle their requests. Video report.

12. 1735 The best heads of municipalities in the Urals Federal District have
received awards from the office of the presidential envoy to the district.

13. 1825 The Yekaterinburg ambulance station is to introduce a new system of
handling calls. The changes are aimed at prioritizing the most critically ill
patients, while calls that are not time critical will be handled by GPs.

14. 2100 Head of the Khanty-Mansiysk city administration, Maksim Ryashin, has
reported on the administration's performance last year and plans for the future.

15. 2250 A fund-raising auction has taken place in Yekaterinburg. The event was
sponsored by the Yekaterinburg diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church.

16. 2520 Presenter signs off.

Source: Yermak TV, Yekaterinburg, in Russian 1230 gmt 19 Apr 13

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              July 15, 2012 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

inside track

BYLINE: NEAL ST. ANTHONY; NEAL ST. ANTHONY; STAFF WRITERS, STAR TRIBUNE
(Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1325 words



HIGHLIGHT: Entrepreneurs bridge a cultural divide


Commerce and collaboration can trump national borders and religious differences
when it comes to planning a better future.

That was proven recently by Arie Bornstein, an Israeli; Fatmah Hindash, a
Jordanian; Reem Mustafa, a Palestinian, and 17 other Jews and Muslims who are
business people, journalists and social entrepreneurs from the Middle East.

They spent a month as fellows at Hamline University's Education to Employment
Exchange Program, which fosters business and entrepreneurial skills. They
visited YMCA Camp St. Croix for team-building exercises and watched and
interviewed diverse teams working at 3M, Cargill, Wells Fargo, HealthPartners
and other businesses and nonprofits to develop their own business plans.

The fellows are selected through national searches in their home countries with
help from U.S. embassies' cultural attache offices.

"We try with this program to bring leaders from a region where conflict --
religious, ethnic, or national -- is part of the landscape and the collective
psyche of the peoples," said Arie Zmora, co-director of the exchange project.
"By not being poster-personalities of either Israel, Palestinian Authority,
Jordan or Lebanon ... the fellows interacted naturally with no chip on their
shoulder. They came to know each other ... gain mutual trust and establish
friendships.

"Hopefully, pragmatic economic joint ventures will take over the lead in moving
Jews and Arabs to prosper while moving beyond the divisive historical, religious
narrative."

The fellows collaborated on business plans that ranged from recycling plants to
solar-powered refrigeration to talk shows that dispel stereotypes, children's
health initiatives and technology education for women. Several of them are
designed to transcend borders and religions.

Hamline and the exchange, supported by a U.S. State Department grant, bring
together experts from its business school and the business and nonprofit
communities to share their challenges and successes with fellows. Later this
year, Minnesotans who worked with the Hamline fellows will visit them in the
Middle East to assist and learn as the fellows plan and execute their
strategies.

WOMENVENTURE TO FOCUS ON BUSINESS BUILDING

WomenVenture, which over three decades has helped 100,000-plus women improve
their economic status, has decided to drop career-education programs and focus
on helping female-owned businesses.

Its board this month concluded that career programs are offered at little or no
cost by other nonprofits. The organization will focus on assisting women-owned
businesses with microloans, working capital, education and ongoing consultation
with female client owners.

Colleen Willhite, board member and acting president, said WomenVenture has
expertise in that area, and the services are needed.

"Our default rate on microloans is less than 5 percent," she said in an
interview. "And the clients we serves typically aren't able to get loans from
banks, and they need to work with our consultants. These folks are successful,
and they probably wouldn't get capital elsewhere."

In 2011, WomenVenture helped start, expand or strengthen 113 local businesses
through entrepreneurial development classes and services. Those businesses
created 74 additional jobs with an estimated $1.6 million in new salaried
income. Through its microloan program, WomenVenture loaned $277,000 to 14
business development clients.

Meanwhile, Thia Breen, a Benson, Minn., native and North American president for
Estee Lauder Companies, will be the keynote speaker at WomenVenture's October
symposium, its single-largest fundraiser. Breen, considered an industry
innovator and champion of family-friendly policies, will discuss her career and
lessons learned. The event, sponsored again by Wells Fargo, is Oct. 12 at the
Depot in Minneapolis. More information: www.WomenVenture.org

NO MORE BILLABLE HOURS

Minneapolis law firm Nilan Johnson Lewis and its client Target Corp. have been
recognized nationally as "value champions" by the Association of Corporate
Counsel (ACC) for creative collaboration in moving from the "billable hours"
model to a retainer model for legal services.

Under the retainer model, the firm is paid a fixed, monthly fee.

Jim Rowader, general counsel for employee and labor relations at Target, said
the arrangement allows its employee and labor relations team "to deepen the
partnership with a key law firm that has been critical to the department's
success, while simultaneously enhancing cost certainty for Target."

Joseph Schmitt, lead lawyer on the Target account for Nilan Johnson Lewis,
agreed that the retainer model encouraged greater partnership with Target, which
most years is the firm's largest-revenue client. It encourages a preventive
legal strategy to avoid litigation, he said.

"Their people can call me whenever they have an employment problem ... before it
expands to a lawsuit," Schmitt said. "The Target HR people don't have to fear
getting a bill. If you have a long-standing relationship with a client, you
don't think the client is trying to squeeze you and you can provide a quality
service."

The arrangement also includes an unspecified financial incentive to the law firm
for timely, efficient work. The Target/Nilan Lewis Johnson partnership was one
of seven cited nationally in the Corporate Counsel magazine.

SHORT TAKES:

-Land O'Lakes CEO Chris Policinski, whose farmer-owned cooperative does a lot of
overseas business, extolled public-private partnerships at a conference on food
security and development assistance, sponsored this month by the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID) in Washington, D.C.

Land O'Lakes has 30-plus years of experience in international development,
working on 275 U.S. government-backed projects in 80 nations involving about
5,000 businesses, nongovernment organizations, in-country farm groups and
private investors.

"Public-private partnerships are essential to the success of international
development efforts," Policinski said. "This isn't a role just for government or
just for industry. The U.S. government's investment provides the impetus for
investment from outside companies and other entities -- including private
investment dollars generated in-country."

Policinski cited a Land O'Lakes-assisted project -- the Malawi Dairy Development
Alliance in Africa. Every dollar invested by USAID generated nearly $4 of local,
private investment. The $5.7 million business has significantly reduced poverty
and hunger by strengthening Malawi's small-farmer dairy industry.

-Faced with a growing online business, Schwan's Food Co. this month chose the
Minneapolis office of BBDO Proximity as its digital advertising agency of
record.

"The agency understands consumers and their relationships with food," said
Christine Hade, chief marketing officer for the Marshall, Minn.-based home food
service of Schwan's Food. BBDO has a long history in the food industry,
particularly in Minnesota where one of its principal clients has been Hormel
Foods. Schwan's Home Food Service sells more than 350 products via home delivery
and mail order -- from ice cream to pizza and seafood.

"With its direct-to-consumer model and extensive coverage in the U.S., there is
great potential for Schwan's Home Services to unlock future growth ... through
digital," said Neil White, chief executive of BBDO Proximity.

DAVID PHELPS

-Representatives of Ecolab, the St. Paul-based seller of sanitation and hygiene
products and services, will share their expertise with China's largest
state-owned restaurants and eateries. The effort is being arranged by China's
Food and Drug Administration Institute for Executive Development as part of a
five-year food-safety improvement plan to educate 700 restaurant workers,
enhance public awareness and improve consumer confidence. Training, slated for
Beijing, Wuhan and Baise, will focus on personal hygiene, proper equipment and
facility operation, disinfecting and pest control.

DEE DEPASS

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            March 15, 2007, Thursday

Nobel winner's entry into Bangladeshi politics stirs debate

BYLINE: Mahtab Haider Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1021 words

DATELINE: DHAKA, BANGLADESH



HIGHLIGHT: Muhammad yunus won the Nobel Peace Prize last year. Now he's starting
a political party in Bangladesh.


When Bangladeshi microloans banker Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Peace Prize last
year, he became the darling of a nation often known only for its abject poverty
and devastating natural disasters.

Mr. Yunus - whose antipoverty microloans to poor women have earned him the
nickname "banker to the poor" - was celebrated here for his refusal to toe a
party line in a country where even top academics are sharply divided across
rival political camps. His modest lifestyle and his three-decades-long
dedication to the antipoverty cause were extolled in the media, and there were
popular demands that he should head an interim government.

His stature at home grew with his international acclaim and close personal
friendship with former President Bill Clinton and his wife, presidential
candidate Sen. Hillary Clinton (D) of New York, which many believed helped cast
Bangladesh in a more positive light.

But six months later, Yunus is surrounded in controversy.

The Nobel Laureate has launched his own "Citizens' Power" political party,
capturing the public imagination with promises of a departure from the violence,
vitriol, corruption, and abuse of power that has characterized Bangladeshi
politics. But many ordinary Bangladeshis say that Yunus should not sully his
image by joining politics. Others question his decision to launch a party at a
time when a military-backed interim government is ruling Bangladesh in a "state
of emergency" after violent protests forestalled elections scheduled for Jan.
22.

The new regime has detained almost all major leaders of Bangladesh's two main
political parties, the Awami League and the BNP, including the former prime
minister's son, to investigate their links to corruption.

Yunus prompts talk of 'cleaner' rule

Debapriya Bhattacharya, a prominent civil-society leader and a director of the
Dhaka-based economic think tank Centre for Policy Dialogue sees Yunus' entry
into politics as positive.

"A positive outcome of Yunus's party is already apparent as the Awami League and
the BNP are both talking about internal reforms to a party system characterized
by a lack of democracy, influence of black money and muscle power, as well as a
mismatch between commitments and delivery, when either were in power," Mr.
Bhattacharya says.

Yet, while most Bangladeshis desperately want change in a political culture
embedded with corruption and abuse of power, Yunus's Citizens' Power - which
intends to field 'clean candidates' - has at best drawn mixed reactions.

"Many people who love and respect Yunus and are intellectually close to him are
resisting his entry into politics because they fear it will make him a
controversial figure," says Atatur Rahman, a political analyst and a professor
at Dhaka University. "It is impossible to win elections in Bangladesh without
spending millions [of taka] in campaigns, and if he wants to win elections,
Yunus will more likely have to conform to the existing political culture rather
than be able to change it radically," says Mr. Rahman.

"We love and respect Yunus very much - and he should remain above petty politics
and cheap strategies to win elections. We want him to become an ombudsmanlike
personality in public life," says Golam Mohammad Rana, a student at the
University. Yunus was scheduled to be the main speaker at a recent convocation
ceremony at the university, but the university revised its decision after
student and teacher groups protested, identifying him more in his new political
avatar rather than as a social entrepreneur.

Double standards?

The talk in political circles keeps returning to the timing of Yunus's move. "We
are worried that Yunus is coming into politics backed by powerful groups within
the Army and civil society, as well as international powers," says former
lawmaker Rashed Khan Menon, who heads the Workers Party of Bangladesh. Mr. Menon
believes the creation of Citizens' Power is following the pattern in which the
BNP and Jatiya Party were formed to transition a military dictatorship into
democracy.

"The fact that Yunus is being able to carry on political activities when all the
other parties are straitjacketed by the state of emergency implies a tacit
endorsement by the current regime," says Awami League politician and former
public servant AMA Muhith.

In his new political role, Yunus's friendship with Mrs. Clinton may also turn
out to be a liability in a predominantly Muslim country where anti-American
sentiment is still peaking over the Iraq war, say analysts.

"Yunus's friendship with the Clintons will definitely affect his political
career as she is known to have supported the Republican invasion of Iraq, and in
Bangladesh the US is seen as one force regardless of which party is in power,"
says Menon.

Bhattacharya says Yunus's international connections are an asset as well as a
liability. "Some people do indeed believe that Yunus' international profile
prevents him from acting as an autonomous agent and that he is construed to be
more sensitive to concerns abroad, but in an increasingly globalized world, his
friendship with someone like Hillary Clinton can also be an asset for a country
like Bangladesh," he says.

Yunus's need to define platform

Even as rumors abound that aggrieved factions within the two major parties will
join Citizens' Power in the coming months, analysts say Yunus's plans to contest
all 300 parliamentary seats in the delayed elections is still too ambitious.

Calls for him to articulate a platform are increasing. "Yunus has yet to
articulate his political platform, so the entire focus is on his personality and
his past actions," says Bhattacharya.

"Unless Yunus reveals who he is politically, what he wants to do, his
ideologies, and his core party members, he will not be able to earn the trust of
people across the nation as a politician," echoes Rahman. "It is not enough for
people in the villages of Bangladesh that he is Yunus; politics is a different
game.

"Yunus certainly has a political prospect, but it is not a bright one," says
Rahman. "I don't see his party winning a majority in Parliament anytime soon."

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday

In brief: Gas prices continue down at area stations

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 161 words


El Paso's average price for a gallon of unleaded regular gasoline declined a
half cent overnight to $3.202, AAA New Mexico reported Wednesday.

The Las Cruces and New Mexico averages both dipped 1.1 cents to, respectively,
$3.28 and $3.283.

The Texas average dipped a half cent to $2.958. The national average declined
1.2 cents to $3.054.

Times staff report

     ·    Microloan financing seminar is today: Small-business owners may apply
          for microloan financing at one of two seminars today.


The El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and Oakland, Calif.-based Innovative
Bank are co-sponsoring the seminars, designed to teach business owners about the
Small Business Administration's Community Express Loan program.

Identical seminars will be from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. and from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.
today at the Hispanic Chamber, 2401 E. Missouri. At the events, business owners
may apply for loans ranging from $5,000 to $50,000.

The seminars are free. Information: 566-4066.

Times staff report

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Microfinance Focus

                              May 10, 2013 Friday

Accion Chicago pitches for business building and corporate governance

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: India


India, May 10 -- (On the sidelines of the 9th Annual Zell Center Chicago
Microfinance Conference, Priyanka Jayashankar spoke to Accion Chicago's COO
Robin Lee Greiner and CEO Jonathan Brereton).

"We believe the board has to be actively engaged and lead committees ranging
from portfolio research, review, audit, marketing and fund raising to research
and policy," emphasized Robin Lee Greiner, the COO of Accion Chicago. She made a
strong case for corporate governance to promote best practices in microfinance.
In her view, robust credit policies and loan-loss provisioning enable
organisations like Accion Chicago to remain sustainable in the long-run.

Practical solutions to lofty goals

Accion Chicago is contributing its mite to strengthen the microfinance industry
in the Midwest. The organisation partnered the City of Chicago to form the
Chicago Microlending Institute, which could serve as a platform for sharing best
practices and promoting micro-lending among other organisations. Currently,
Accion Chicago covers 90% of the microloan market in Illinois and Northwest
Indiana. However, it meets only 10% of Chicago's credit needs. "We want the
microfinance industry to grow as there are very few strong players. It is good
for the industry if there is healthy competition," stated Robin Lee Greiner.

Accion Chicago, which has the backing of the US Small Business Loan
Administration, the US Department of Treasury, the US Department of Commerce,
Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity and the City of
Chicago, is also witnessing more self-employment in the recession era. "It is a
historic reality that people who are laid off turn to self-employment," pointed
out Jonathan Brereton, the CEO of Accion Chicago.

Microlenders can play a catalytic role in job creation and help channelize the
government's stimulus funds (in the form of microloans) towards microenterprises
in times of a credit crunch. "The government needs organisations like ours to
promote small businesses. We provide a practical solution to a lofty goal, as we
know how to create jobs," said Robin Lee Greiner.

Product development and outcomes

Accion Chicago offers 'Credit-Builder' loans in the range of$500 to $2500 for
entrepreneurs to purchase equipment or manage inventory. Start-up loans and
business loans are offered up to the maximum limits of $20,000 and $50,000
respectively. Usually, 18 months is the shortest loan tenor. While describing
how clients, who initially avail of credit builder loans, eventually borrow
loans of a higher denomination, Robin Lee Greiner noted, "About 25% of the
clients who repay our loans come back to us borrow more."

Accion Chicago has adopted an individual lending model and it encourages its
clients to graduate into the mainstream banking system. "Internationally, the
line between consumer micro-lending and business micro-lending has been
blurred," said the CEO Jonathan Brereton, and he pointed out that Accion Chicago
only caters to the credit requirements of businesses.

Accion Chicago has also conducted a study to assess how its microloans have
impacted job creation, business expansion and income generation. Greiner
believes that loan products have to be customized as per the requirements of
different market segments. "We can customize solutions, as clients' requirements
in New Mexico would be different from those of clients in Chicago."

The organisation is also leveraging social networking sites to innovate its
marketing strategies. A pilot test is currently taking place with the
professional networking site LinkedIn, wherein an Accion Chicago loan officer
can approach a bank officer, if he/she rejects a loan application. "This way, we
can draw more loan applicants," explained Robin Lee Greiner.

Reaching out to minorities

Accion Chicago is joining hands with minority-run businesses. About 70% of its
clients are people of color and 19% are Latinos. First-generation entrepreneurs
constitute 20% of Accion Chicago's clientele. "Immigrants need microfinance as
they do not have any credit history," pointed out Accion Chicago's COO.

While only 20% of the businesses in the US are run by women, 48% of Accion's
clients are women. "As long as we are increasing credit access for female
entrepreneurs, minority entrepreneurs, we feel are we are being successful,"
said the CEO Jonathan Brereton. Accion Chicago's clients have forayed into
sectors such as food and beverages, retail, construction, transport and
services.

The organisation has roped in a team of ethnically diverse loan officers to
serve its multicultural clientele. The loan officers impart financial education
to the clients and also refer them to partner organisations. Indicating that
only one out of every ten loan applicants is selected, Robin Lee Greiner
reasoned, "it won't serve anybody if we give a loan that he/she can't understand
or afford to pay back." Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Microfinance Focus. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                     Copyright 2013 Ekayana Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                 July 20, 2015

WEEK ON THE WEB JULY 13-17

SECTION: Pg. 19 Vol. 31

LENGTH: 1016  words


Huntington microloan program comes to Pontiac with $5M

The $25 million Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative, unveiled in November
2013 with $5 million for Detroit small businesses, is expanding to the Oakland
County seat. Huntington Bank and the Michigan Economic Development Corp. are
offering microloans ranging from $1,000 to $250,000 to small businesses in
Pontiac.

More details on the program are available at the Small Business Development
Center at the Oakland County's One-Stop Shop Business Center.

ON THE MOVE

- Domino's Pizza Inc. announced the appointment of Jeffrey Lawrence as CFO,
replacing Michael Lawton, who will retire from the Ann Arbor-based company.
Lawrence, 41, is treasurer and will become CFO at the end of August.

- The Methodist Children's Home Society in Redford Township named Kevin Roach
CEO, effective Aug. 17. Roach, who will succeed the retiring Beth Tarquinio, has
been president and CEO of Whaley Children's Center in Flint for five years.

COMPANY NEWS

- A $10.3 million plan to turn a vacant Capitol Park building owned by Dan
Gilbert into 5,500 square feet of first-floor retail space and 25 residential
units on the top five floors was approved for $1 million in financing in a
Michigan Community Revitalization Program grant announced by the Michigan
Strategic Fund. Gilbert's Bedrock Real Estate Services LLC will provide upfront
financing; construction of the building, at 1215 Griswold St., is set to be
complete by fall.

- Auburn Hills-based auto supplier BorgWarner Inc. announced it had entered into
a definitive agreement to acquire Pendleton, Ind.-based alternator and starter
supplier Remy International Inc. for $950 million.

- Auburn Hills-based De-Sta-Co, which makes clamps and assembly line products
for the automotive, aerospace and food processing industries, said it will move
manufacturing operations from Auburn Hills, Charlevoix and Wheeling, Ill., to
Mt. Juliet, Tenn. Corporate offices for the Dover Corp. subsidiary will not
move; roughly 50 jobs in Auburn Hills will be affected.

- The Chicago-based Zell Family Foundation made a $60 million grant to the
University of Michigan to support entrepreneurial efforts. Of the amount, $50
million will provide endowed support for the student and alumni entrepreneurship
programs at the Samuel Zell and Robert H. Lurie Institute for Entrepreneurial
Studies at the Stephen M. Ross School of Business. The remaining $10 million
will support a new fund to invest in new student business ventures.

- Thirteen staffers were laid off at CBS Radio Inc.'s Detroit stations as part
of the company's 200 job cuts nationwide, according to industry reports. CBS
owns oldies station WOMC 104.3 FM, sports station WXYT 97.1 FM, news-talk WWJ
950, country station WYCD 99.5 FM and top 40 station WDZH 98.7 FM.

- Ford Motor Co. and MGM Grand Detroit have each signed three-year sponsorship
deals with Freedom Hill Amphitheatre in Sterling Heights, amphitheatre officials
announced. Terms were not disclosed.

- General Motors Co. said it will continue sponsorship of Kid Rock's summer
concert tour despite a request by a Detroit activist group that the automaker
cut financial ties with the musician if he displays the Confederate flag
onstage, AP reported. Kid Rock said he hasn't used the flag for several years.

OTHER NEWS

- The Michigan State Housing Development Authority awarded more than $3.3
million to six affordable-housing development projects in Oakland and Wayne
counties, AP reported. Detroit projects include Ryan Court Apartments, the
Architects Building project, the Bonita Lofts project and another
affordable-apartment complex. Others are the Adams Senior Village rehabilitation
in Westland and the Unity Park Phase III construction in Oakland County.

- Graffiti artist Shepard Fairey was arraigned after turning himself in on
charges that he tagged buildings in Detroit, AP reported. Fairey was charged in
a warrant last month with malicious destruction of property after police said he
caused about $9,000 in damage to buildings while completing commissioned works
on other structures.

- Plans to restore the Highland Park Ford Plant have been given a boost with a
new mural at the nearby Michigan Department of Transportation building. The
nonprofit Woodward Avenue Action Association spearheaded the online competition
for a mural design that will cover the building.

- The Detroit Sound Conservancy and Detroit Historical Society are trying to
salvage items belonging to the former Graystone International Jazz Museum
collection left abandoned inside the vacant downtown Book Building since 2009,
AP reported.

- The University of Michigan will officially open Mcity, its new 32-acre testing
site for connected and driverless cars, on Monday. Meanwhile, UM said it has
halted football season ticket sales after reaching nearly 90,000 - the most in
three years - for the upcoming seven-game schedule.

- Paul Mitchell, a Republican businessman from Dryden Township who spent about
$3.5 million of his own money in a failed congressional bid last year, announced
he is running to fill the 10th Congressional District seat open for 2016 after
Rep. Candice Miller decided not to seek re-election, AP reported.

- Canton Township-based pharmacist Dineshkumar Babulal Patel lost his license to
practice after fraud and conspiracy convictions in federal court in Detroit, the
Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs said. Patel was
sentenced to 30 months in prison and ordered to pay $4.85 million in restitution
with other convicted co-defendants.

- State Democrats proposed a $530 million business tax increase as part of a new
road repair plan, while House Republicans huddled to consider a Senate-passed
proposal with a 15-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax increase, AP reported.

- Michigan's unemployment rate held steady in June at 5.5 percent, 1.6 points
lower than a year earlier.

OBITUARIES

- Claudia Alexander, a pioneering scientist who helped direct NASA's Galileo
mission to Jupiter and the international Rosetta space exploration project, died
July 11. The University of Michigan graduate was 56.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Washington: Microlending 101 - Shiawassee Regional Chamber of Commerce

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

Microlending 101 - Shiawassee Regional Chamber of Commerce

Wednesday, April 22, 2015 6:00 PM to 7:30 PM

Topic: Financial and Accounting

Microloans can be a solution for those businesses needing a modest infusion of
capital or for those who face obstacles in accessing a loan through a commercial
lender. Join us to find out how microloans can be a tool for you and your
business in establishing credit worthiness. Learn how these financial
instruments can benefit you and your business. Gain an understanding of the
application and process for obtaining a microloan including uses of the funds.

Speaker: Denise Peek, The Entrepreneur Institute

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday

CompuCredit Spinoff's Rationale

BYLINE: Marc Hochstein

SECTION: CARDS; Pg. 6 Vol. 175 No. 4

LENGTH: 178  words


CompuCredit Corp. elaborated on its reasons for considering a spinoff of its
payday lending business, saying the unit has made the parent a pariah.

In a preliminary securities filing for the spinoff, the unit, Purpose Financial
Holdings Inc., noted that payday lenders "have come under significantly
heightened scrutiny from federal and state regulators, as well as community
activists. As a result ... many banks and potential investors have decided not
to do business with companies that own [such] businesses, even where the
business opportunity does not involve microloans" (CompuCredit's term for the
product).

CompuCredit, whose main business is marketing credit cards, "has determined that
its microloan businesses are impairing its ability to maintain and attract
banking relationships ... and obtain debt financing from financial
institutions," the Dec. 4 filing said.

The proposed transaction would separate the companies by distributing Purpose
stock to CompuCredit shareholders. The plan, first disclosed last month, still
needs approval from CompuCredit's board.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Funding for steel fabrication start-up outfit

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 176 words


NEWLY-FORMED steel fabrication outfit MASfab has secured £25,000 in funding from
the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund.

The County Durham firm, which began trading in August this year, is a joint
partnership between founding investors and directors, Sharon West and Paul
Mitchinson.

From its Bowburn site, MASfab provide steel fabrication, installation and site
services to the oil and gas, renewables and marine industries.

The investment was secured through the Microloan Fund's new managers, Rivers
Loan - a trading subsidiary of Rivers Capital Partners.

Sharon West, director at MASfab said: "The investment from Rivers has brought us
one step closer to securing the future of the company and our workforce."

She added: "We've had a fantastic response from the industry, with valuable
support from other companies who have provided us with very favourable terms."

Both Ms West and Mr Mitchinson have worked in the steel fabrication industry for
some years, and had been mulling their own venture for some time before they
decided to launch MASfab.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Funding for steel fabrication start-up outfit

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 176 words


NEWLY-FORMED steel fabrication outfit MASfab has secured £25,000 in funding from
the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund.

The County Durham firm, which began trading in August this year, is a joint
partnership between founding investors and directors, Sharon West and Paul
Mitchinson.

From its Bowburn site, MASfab provide steel fabrication, installation and site
services to the oil and gas, renewables and marine industries.

The investment was secured through the Microloan Fund's new managers, Rivers
Loan - a trading subsidiary of Rivers Capital Partners.

Sharon West, director at MASfab said: "The investment from Rivers has brought us
one step closer to securing the future of the company and our workforce."

She added: "We've had a fantastic response from the industry, with valuable
support from other companies who have provided us with very favourable terms."

Both Ms West and Mr Mitchinson have worked in the steel fabrication industry for
some years, and had been mulling their own venture for some time before they
decided to launch MASfab.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Funding for steel fabrication start-up outfit

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 176 words


NEWLY-FORMED steel fabrication outfit MASfab has secured £25,000 in funding from
the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund.

The County Durham firm, which began trading in August this year, is a joint
partnership between founding investors and directors, Sharon West and Paul
Mitchinson.

From its Bowburn site, MASfab provide steel fabrication, installation and site
services to the oil and gas, renewables and marine industries.

The investment was secured through the Microloan Fund's new managers, Rivers
Loan - a trading subsidiary of Rivers Capital Partners.

Sharon West, director at MASfab said: "The investment from Rivers has brought us
one step closer to securing the future of the company and our workforce."

She added: "We've had a fantastic response from the industry, with valuable
support from other companies who have provided us with very favourable terms."

Both Ms West and Mr Mitchinson have worked in the steel fabrication industry for
some years, and had been mulling their own venture for some time before they
decided to launch MASfab.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hard-up Brits' quick-fix loans

BYLINE: MICHELLE CARTER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 36,37

LENGTH: 279 words


WITH Christmas to pay for and money tight, more people than ever are turning to
payday loans.

Europe's biggest short-term loan provider Ferratum is expecting a last-minute
surge in demand for cash to pay for presents and food.

Ian Porter, of Ferratum, said: "Christmas is a time when finances are under most
strain.

"We're already seeing a significant increase for our microloans."

This new type of lending allows you to borrow sums of up to £300 or more which
have to repaid with very high interest within 30 or 45 days.

Flexible Sites have online calculators so that you can work out how much
interest you will have to pay.

Porter said: "People like the flexibility of microloans and are turning away
from long-term loans with traditional lenders."

But new research has found that payday loans aren't always the answer when we're
short of money. R3, the insolvency trade body, found that of people who have had
a payday loan, 60% regret the decision and 48% believe the loan made their
financial situation worse. Only 13% said the payday loan had a positive impact
on their finances.

Frances Coulston, of R3 said: "Payday loans are not the best way to resolve debt
struggles. Many who take them out find them to be a negative experience, often
escalating financial troubles."

In the past two years, Citizens Advice has seen a four-fold increase in the
number of queries regarding payday loans.

Sarah Brooks, of Consumer Focus, which lobbies for a fair deal, said: "This
Christmas many will be tempted by payday loans, despite APRs of more than
1,000%.

"Much more needs to be done to prevent borrowers getting caught in spiralling
debt."

Info Compare personal loans at dailystar.co.uk/money

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: Small Business Big in Fleet's Incity Program

                           September 5, 1995, Tuesday

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


Fleet Financial Group said small-business lending is the fastest-growing part of
its Incity community development program.

Launched 18 months ago, Incity represents an $8 billion commitment to improve
businesses' and consumers' access to credit in low- income and moderate-income
areas.

Small-business microloans, including Small Business Administration credits and
Fleet's Easy Business Banking loans that are designed to simplify and speed up
applications and approvals, increased 30% in the first quarter and 70% in the
second quarter.

Fleet said the small loans totaled $177.3 million on June 30. The number of
microloans closed increased quarter-to-quarter from 1,102 to 2,035.

Fleet said it expects Incity small-business growth to continue, given the
growing demand for microloans.

The $51 billion-asset company said it had placed $2.15 billion of mortgage
loans, $345.7 million of small-business loans, and $210.6 million of consumer
loans with a total of 57,800 Incity borrowers since February 1994.

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 170 words

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Washington: From the Field in Vietnam: Small Loans Mean Big Changes for People
Living with HIV

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Agency for International Development, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Vietnam's mountainous Dien Bien Province, 500 km (about 310 miles) west of
Hanoi, is home to the well-known battleground of Dien Bien Phu, where Vietnamese
soldiers fought and won a decisive 55-day battle in 1954 against the French
Union that brought an end to that war. Today, Vietnam is now engaged in another
battle -- against HIV/AIDS. And Dien Bien is one of Vietnam's two provinces with
the highest HIV prevalence.

Ms. Ca Thi Hinh, 32, a member of the Thai ethnic minority group in northern
Vietnam, grew up in the province's Tuan Giao district, an HIV hotspot. Born into
a poor family, Hinh married in her early twenties. Her husband was also poor,
and all they had was a temporary shelter. They both worked hard as hired
laborers, saving as much as they could and looking forward to the moment when
they could afford a decent house.
In 2007, Hinh's husband was diagnosed with HIV when he was treated for a high
fever, and died shortly after. Hinh then found out that she had contracted HIV
from her husband, and the sky seemed to fall down on her. She could only gather
her courage when she thought about her two small children. "I must live," she
thought. "My children need me to take care of them."

As stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS are still
problems in Vietnam, people like Hinh have difficulty finding jobs, face unfair
treatment in accessing social services and experience discrimination in
healthcare and other settings.

Hinh looked to animal breeding as one option to earn an income, but she was
turned down for a loan from a state-owned bank. Then she learned about M7/CFRC,
a microfinance service provider supported by the USAID HIV Workplace Project.
M7/CFRC staff trained her in financial management and gave her a microloan of
$150. Adding $50 from her own savings, she bought two goats, one of which was
pregnant. Three months later, her herd had grown to eight and she sold two goats
for $215. With this money, she is able to support her children and her sister.

"I am very grateful for the support and care from the project. My children are
now well-fed and educated, and I, myself, am more confident," Hinh said. She
hopes to have more goats soon, so that she can sustain her income.

Since 2008, the project, funded under the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for
AIDS relief (PEPFAR), has helped 1,400 people living with or affected by HIV in
Vietnam. With microloans from the project, people like Hinh have found jobs and
realized their dreams of running their own businesses. The success of the
microfinance model for people living with HIV has encouraged local microloan
providers to commit $1 million in loans to this target group.

The Government of Vietnam has also adopted the project's microfinance models and
is developing a new policy to provide loans to populations at highest risk of
HIV in Vietnam.

For more information please visit: http://blog.usaid.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            November 21, 2011 Monday
                                 Mersey Edition

Winter lifeline off fered by payday loans - but spiralling debtsarea serious
issue ;
Jeremy Gates looks at the nation's money issues and investigates whether payday
loans are a boon or blight area serious issue

BYLINE: Jeremy Gates

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1391 words


IN THE weeks either side of Christmas, hundreds of thousands of households are
expected to use a short term solution of 'payday loans' to keep afloat - even
though they could cause serious problems in 2012.

That is the warning from many financial advisors, as leading retailers predict
family finances will be stretched as never before by the festive celebrations.

Supermarket chain Morrisons says a third of its customers already have no
disposable income left at the end of the month, and that's before this winter's
massive fuel bills kick in.

So it is hardly surprising more people are taking out payday loans to tide
themselves over until their monthly pay cheque hits their bank account. Loans to
consumers in this "high-cost credit sector" could already top pounds 9bn.

Ferratum, the self-styled largest online microloan lender in Europe which
launched in Britain in July, thinks more than two million UK households already
hold payday loans.

Ian Porter, Ferratum UK sales and marketing manager says: "Microloans are
probably the fastest growth area in the financial services sector.

"People like the flexibility. They borrow pounds 50-pounds 300 to repay within a
maximum 45 days. Consumers are increasingly turning away from long-term loans
with traditional lenders."

By limiting first timers to a maximum pounds 100 loan, Ferratum claims the risks
are carefully controlled. Customers - applying online or by a mobile - are told
upfront the full cost of their loan, with no hidden charges.

Customers can use an online loan calculator to work out the amount they need,
the repayment period - up to a maximum of 45 days - and total cost.

Only then do they apply for a loan, after which Ferratum's customer services
team runs a credit check before advising in minutes whether the application is
successful.

It looks easy, and sounds simple. That's the problem.

Steve Rees at debt consultant Vincent Bond says: "This is a valid service to
provide short-term loans, but we are seeing people in serious trouble with 10-12
of these short term loans, each one between pounds 300 and pounds 400.

"If you walk into a high street shop with a payslip and some identification, you
usually get your money - and you can cross the road to repeat the process three
or four times.

"Once your debts pass pounds 2,000 or so, and you can't pay back, interest rates
become crippling."

As the current issue of Moneywise magazine explains, payday loans are a highly
controversial topic: with quoted interest rates on loans from 450% to 4,214%,
there are widespread fears that payday loans are too complex for many people to
handle.

These astronomic interest rates usually arise because they are measured over a
full year, when most payday loans last for only a few weeks.

Steve Perry wrote a book, When Payday Loans Go Wrong, to detail the saga which
started when he took a loan for pounds 250 to pay for a holiday in June 2009.
Trying to avoid trouble in making repayments, he collected 64 payday loans from
12 companies - owing, at one point, a total of pounds 22,000.

"If payday loans are used for days to borrow a small amount, they could be a
very useful form of credit," he says.

A pounds 150 loan from Wonga, for example, costs pounds 177 if repaid in a
fortnight - an interest rate of 18%. It's cheaper than putting the money on an
unauthorised overdraft.

But Perry found when clients hit trouble, many firms suggest further loans to
cover ballooning repayments. It's a devastating trick.

Walthamstow MP Stella Creasy claims some payday loan firms target Armed Forces
personnel and ex-servicemen who may be struggling to manage their finances.

Some companies, such as Quickquid.

co.uk, have special sites for members of the Armed Services.

Another website to attract criticism is www.easymilitaryloans.co.uk because it
does not provide 'fixed' interest rates.

Many firms believe that they fill a vital gap in these difficult days. Gary
Miller-Cheevers launched Speedeloans in February 2010, and wants to lend nearly
pounds 20m in 2011.

His typical customer is aged 32, earns pounds 21,000 a year and plans to borrow
pounds 200 for a maximum 19 days.

Total cost of that is about pounds 42, an interest rate which works out at
2,727% APR, measured over a year. But Miller-Cheevers says somebody who gets six
direct debits bounced because of a lack of funds in their account could face
total bank charges approaching pounds 200 - so the short term loan makes sense
for them.

Speedeloans figures suggest that over half its customers are professionals, with
more than 25% employed as nurses, doctors or teachers. Around 7% are solicitors,
accountants or financial advisors, who all enjoy above average wages.

Around 76% of Speedeloans customers repay the money within the allotted time.
Some 18% are "a bit tardy" and can be expected to repay after "chasing up".

Around 6% don't repay, so their loans are written off - a reminder that the
company still sometimes loans to people it should have refused.

Miller-Cheevers says: "Reputable lenders work according to the new Lending Code
for Small Cash Advances, drawn up by the Consumer Finance Association and
launched in the Commons this July.

"As a company, we fully support this new Code because it will give confidence to
consumers, and also mean than the less-than-ethical small loan providers are
made accountable for their actions.

"Responsible lenders like us get tarred with the same brush, when what we are
actually doing is proving a useful and fair service to working people with
temporary cash flow problems.

"We always show applicants the total cost of repayment clearly and prominently,
before they apply for the loan. There are no hidden fees and charges, and if our
customers fail to repay a loan swiftly, we cap the interest and try to reach an
agreement with them."

Some target However, he admits: "There is a sector of this business in which
companies dress themselves up as lenders and then trawl the internet to target
people who are less than financially savvy."

people who Rees confirms that problems can be caused by new companies which have
muscled into the market. are 'savvy' He says: "When we put together plans
designed to get people out of trouble, main creditors are usually switched on to
debt management techniques and keen to reach an agreement. But the short term
loan companies are not, and may take a harsher view.

"If there are 10 creditors in our plan, and two or three won't play ball, the
whole plan can be wrecked. Many short term loan companies have not been in the
game long; if they see a monthly payslip for pounds 2,000, they hand out loans
of pounds 400, sometimes because they are in a small franchise operation with
tight sales targets.

"If a customer signs for the money, and denies that they are already in a debt
management plan, that is fraud in itself. The only long-term answer to this
problem is stronger controls."

not A Which? Money investigation reported in September that some firms evade
existing regulations by forming subsidiary companies. Others won't detail
interest rates anywhere online. There is also a suggestion unscrupulous payday
loan firms circulate details of the most vulnerable consumers, persuading them
to borrow more than they are ever likely to repay.

The lobby group Consumer Focus wants tighter rules on payday loans: it suggests
limiting the number of loans or rollovers available to consumers to a maximum
five per year; tighter credit reference checks to block multiple loans and,
possibly, capping interest rates which lenders are allowed to charge.

Rees says: "Payday loans and overdrafts can appeal to consumers needing a quick
fix until payday as they provide instant cashflow, bypassing the formality of
High Street borrowing. But the price may be sky-high interest rates.

"Perhaps more people should look at their expenditure, instead of resorting to
costly borrowing when funds dry up."

As Moneywise magazine points out: "There are numerous ways of accessing cheaper
cash.

"If you withdraw pounds 250 on an HSBC credit card and pay it back within 14
days, you would pay pounds 12.13 interest, whereas the same loan with Wonga.com
could cost nearly pounds 41.

"Always do some research before visiting a payday loan website to see what other
sources of credit are available."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Just who is keeping a tight grip on your cash? Many unscrupulous
lenders promise attractive short-term rates - but what if you can't pay up?
Those debts may spiral Liverpool's Charlie Adam doesn't need any more wonga -
but as a Blackpool player he wore the logo of one of the UK's most high-profile
payday lenders

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Study questions benefits of microfinance for poor

LENGTH: 563  words


With a controversial cap on microfinance interest rates set to go into effect on
April 1, a new study argues Cambodian households would be better off by avoiding
microcredit altogether, though experts this week were divided on the report's
findings.

The study, Rethinking the Effects of Microcredit on Household Welfare in
Cambodia, published in the Journal of Development Studies a few days before the
government announced the rate cap, is based on a statistical analysis intended
to determine how microloans affect Cambodian households.

The findings suggest households that take up a formal or informal microloan may
actually see a decrease in welfare because their household expenditure
decreases, indicating that families are able to buy less.

Study author Dr Seng Kimty said in an email yesterday that 'poor borrowers [are]
trapped in a vicious cycle of high-interest indebtedness' by high interest rates
and the use of loans for non-productive activities. He added that 58 percent of
such loans were used for non-productive means - buying a house or car, for
example - and of those, about 35 percent were simply used for routine day-to-day
household purchases like food.

Mey Kalyan, senior adviser to the Supreme National Economic Council, said he
largely agreed with the study. Many sectors, he argued, simply did not generate
enough revenue to pay back loans - agriculture, for example, rarely produced
more than a 15 percent return, he said.

Microfinance 'could be useful' for some sectors, such as trading, he said, as
long as it was in the form of short-term loans.

Carol Te, a consultant at Emerging Markets Asia, said that their research
aligned with elements of the new study - for instance, that 'the most common
usage of loans was to pay for food consumption (39%) and for medical assistance
(27%)'.

While many families have no choice, she added, using loans for such purposes
creates a 'risk of perpetuating indebtedness'.

Some experts, however, questioned elements of the findings.

Miguel Chanco, lead ASEAN analyst for the Economist Intelligence Unit, disagreed
that microfinance did not benefit household welfare, maintaining that it 'has
proven very beneficial in uplifting many people out of poverty, especially in
Asia'.

Stephen Higgins, managing partner of local investment firm Mekong Strategic
Partners, said in an email that while the study was 'certainly a worthwhile
contribution', he did not agree with all of its conclusions, and cautioned
against conflating expenditures with household welfare.

'If I borrow money to buy a house, then my expenditure levels are probably going
to fall significantly,' he said, adding that such loans have the effect of
redistributing expenditures over time.

Microcredit, he added, was 'unambiguously a good thing' if used for productive
purposes by an informed client.

But despite any disagreements over the benefits of microfinance, almost all the
experts agreed that whatever the dangers of over-indebtedness, capping interest
rates was no solution.

Independent economist Daniel Rozas said the 18 percent cap announced this week
was under the operating costs of institutions, and argued for a sliding scale or
a cap on profit margins.

Higgins, meanwhile, said that for households that use loans for basic purchases,
'An interest rate cap is not the solution . . . often they shouldn't have been
given the loan in the first place.'

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

The Russian people took out microloans to the amount of RUR 24 billion as of the
end of Q2 2015, which is 33.8% more than in Q1 2015, according to the data
compiled by National Bureau of Credit Histories (NBKI)

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 140

LENGTH: 92 words


Reference: Vedomosti, No.142, August 5, 2015, p.20

The contribution of microloans to the portfolio of micro-financing institutions
increased by 1.6 p.p. to 47.2% in Q2 2015 while the contribution of loans to buy
consumer goods decreased to 52.8%. In Q2 2015, micro-financing institutions
provided 2,554,000 loans to individuals, which is 38.9% more than in Q1 2015.
22% of all existing loans are in arrears. The worst situation is in the segment
of pay day microloans: the number of overdue loans in this segment increased
from 17.18% to 27.73% in Q2 2015.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 March 18, 2007
                             Business Times Edition

Boon for consumers

BYLINE: Chris Needham

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 888  words


Boon for consumers

Cover, not more credit, is what South Africans need - and the new up-front quote
will help, writes

For the people

LEVELS of awareness of financial products are low among South Africans, but the
good news for indebted consumers is that the National Credit Act, due on June 1,
should help them to not overextend themselves.

Speaking at the Consumer Day forum on Thursday, national credit regulator
Gabriel Davel said credit was an area in great need of regulation.

"Using credit cards at an interest rate of 25% is much cheaper than microloans
that cost 90% a year. For the consumer, it is very beneficial as a cheaper
source of funding. The government has made a huge effort to get mainstream
institutions to service the entire population, and the rise in the use of credit
cards is reflective of that."

The extensive use of expensive microloans may in part be due to a lack of
financial literacy.

According to Mark Napier, the chief executive officer of Finmark Trust, an
independent research organisation, 41% of South Africans do not understand
interest rates.

At the forum Napier said that Finmark Trust found that financial literacy was
much weaker than literacy in general. "Consumer financial empowerment matters,
so that people know where they can get advice, on what basis they can complain,
and where, and they have the ability to identify products that suit their needs
at the best price. This will enable them to become less dependent on the state."

The forthcoming Act will prompt lenders to state clearly how much credit will
cost. "Institutions must tell their clients what they are in for [when they
apply for credit]," said Davel.

This will be done by a "pre-agreement quote", which will be a standardised
one-page sheet of paper in a set format that lenders must present to prospective
borrowers.

"Now, the consumer will know up front what they're entering into," Davel said.

There will also be regulation of the information contained in the advertising of
credit.

"Once someone makes a statement about credit, they must provides four items of
information," he said. These are:

oWhat the monthly repayment is;

oHow many repayments there are;

oThe total sum of all the repayments over the term;

oThe interest rate charged.

"Currently, the consumer can't make an informed decision because they don't know
how much something costs upfront."

Davel added that for the first time in SA's history, credit bureaus would be
regulated.

"Consumers can request one free report a year, and can be charged no more than
R20 for every extra report requested thereafter."

Should you have a tarnished credit record, two years would be the limit for
keeping negative data on your profile, he said.

And when it comes to reckless lending, "the Act requires that when a credit
provider goes to court over someone who has defaulted, it must prove that at the
point of lending, the consumer was in a position to repay this credit".

Napier presented Finmark Trust research that showed there was poor uptake of
financial products among the less affluent segments of the population.

"There was practically no usage (around 2%) of short-term insurance in the black
community, and a negligible use of insurance in living-standards-measure groups
1-5 - you're talking about the protection of assets here," he said, pointing out
that there was a widespread perception that assets had no value.

So, even though Finmark Trust found that many South Africans owned a home of
some description, only 9% of people surveyed actually insured that home - though
it was probably their biggest financial asset.

Napier said that due to negative press about life insurance in recent years,
"the use of formal life insurance other than burial products has decreased from
12% in 2005 to 10% in 2006".

"Users and non-users of life insurance agree that the price of life insurance
products is too expensive, but only 7% of non-users say they can trust their
life company, compared to 40% of those who have life policies. "Insurance
companies do offer a decent service, and people may lose out if they don't use
it."

Napier questioned whether SA's lower-income consumers, who sometimes spend a
disproportionate amount of their income on financial products such as funeral
plans, were making the right choices. In one real-life example of a household
with a joint income of about R1000 from grants, Finmark Trust found that they
committed double what they spent on food to financial products.

Napier said more could be done for consumers by promoting the widespread
availability of advice about money.

Reserve Bank Governor Tito Mboweni said: "The poor are most vulnerable to the
ravages of inflation. The wealthy often have assets that can be more easily
protected against inflation, but the poor cannot do this.

"The central bank is there to protect those who cannot protect themselves
against inflation [by managing interest rates to maintain price stability].

"It is ironic that protecting consumers from inflation is likely to have a
negative impact on them by raising interest rates.

"But hopefully the strong interest rate cycles of the 1980s and 1990s are a
thing of the past." See also Page 21.

HOT ISSUE: Reserve Bank governor Tito Mboweni is concerned about poor people's
exposure to inflation as a result of a lack of a financial safety net Picture:
MARIANNE PRETORIUS

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Times Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 15, 2009 Sunday

Women's Center offers loan program

BYLINE: Rebecca Logan, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Feb. 15--We learned all about microloans when Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad
Yunus spoke in Fayetteville this month. Yunus earned the prize in 2006 for his
effort in extending small loans to the poor in Bangladesh.

You may not know that some organizations offer a similar concept here in town.

Thanks to some grants, the Women's Center of Fayetteville started a microloan
program last fall, said Ray Manuel, lending and credit analyst. The loans have
10 percent fixed-interest over one to three years, depending on the amount --
$500 to $8,000.

She said the local program isn't quite the same as the one Yunus talked about.
"We can't just do it on a handshake," Manuel said. "We wish we could."

Instead, the requirements for a loan have been relaxed from a minimum credit
score of 600 to a broader "reasonable credit required," she said. Applications
are judged on a case-by-case basis. And applicants must complete a business
plan, attend two mandatory training sessions and show a consistent payment
history of 24 months.

Women's Center officials said they have an ability to look a little closer at
personal, extenuating circumstances than a traditional bank.

Naomi Hooks, owner of Heavenly Scents, got such a loan. She said it was
essential in helping get supplies she needed for her candle business.

"The Women's Center has been very helpful," she said.

That's the intent, Manuel said.

"Hopefully, it's that little push that they need for a startup business," Manuel
said. "It's a way for them to get used to borrowing and repayment .... And it
gives them a chance to set up a good payment history."

Tale of two cities

This month, Rocky Top Hospitality is offering buy-one-get-one-free dinners
between 5 and 6 p.m. at its restaurants in the Triangle, including Bogart's
American Grill.

But that deal is not being offered at Rocky Top's only restaurant in
Fayetteville, the Mash House.

Why the difference between the two markets? We e-mailed Rocky Top owner Dean
Ogan to find out.

"The Raleigh market is holding up fairly well considering the economic turmoil,
but Fayetteville has been amazing!" Ogan replied. "Even though we decided to
stop serving lunch (on weekdays) last summer, we are still besting prior year
sales."

The place has loyal customers and "a steady stream of new diners courtesy of
Fort Bragg" and growing surrounding communities, Ogan said.

He did mention the half-priced appetizers in early evenings and the Mash House's
beer specials, but added this about buy-one-get-one-free deals: "We may consider
it over the summer."

Got a tip or suggestion for Biz Buzz? Call 486-3551 or send an e-mail to
business@fayobserver.com

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090215-FY-Women-s-Center-offers-loan-program-0215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

Microfinance needs technology uplift in Pakistan

BYLINE: Mansoor Ahmad

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 61

LENGTH: 663  words


Microfinance is an effective tool to transform communities and uplift the
economically marginalised out of poverty.

Microfinance brings people, who are living at the bottom, two steps up by
empowering them with financial tools.

It takes lot of courage for a microfinance institution to provide them with even
small loans as they lack any collateral. Also, small landholders and other
microloan recipients often lack business acumen.

Globally, women are the main recipients of microfinance loans as they are better
clients and payback loans on time. Moreover, they use their profits for
arranging food for the family, educate their children and repair homes.

One of the top reasons why microfinance has not taken off in Pakistan is because
the majority of microloans are still sanctioned to the men.

Another factor is that loans are sanctioned individually, while in all
successful microfinance ventures, the loans are sanctioned to groups preferably
comprising women, with each woman getting the same amount for the business
venture.

On top of that the lending agency does not provide training for the use of
loans. If the beneficiaries are trained and guided, the results can be better.

When the lending is sanctioned to a group, it meets with the representative of
the microfinance provider weekly, and discusses the problems. They also develop
comradeship and if by chance a member of their group is absent due to illness or
any other reason they look after her business as well.

For instance, in cases where the women establish vending bases for various goods
in a market, the woman with a stall next to her absent comrade, would look after
her sales as well. The group wants all its members to be updated on their loans.

This type of loaning and associated training is not in vogue in Pakistan which
is the reason that microfinance has not been a visible success story here.

It is from these small groups that people with entrepreneurial acumen separate
from the others. Despite being uneducated, they have better sense of business
and on the strength of training they get from the microfinance institution they
stand out  among their group. They might not have achieved this success had they
not been trained in tools needed for doing a business.

The advent of technology has helped the genuine microfinance lender to empower
its clients.

There have been instances where women provided with small loans to open a school
in their backyard at very nominal fee of Rs500 per month, prospered and now own
larger educational institutions with 500-900 students. Use of technology helped
them impart better education, and employ more teachers. This type of
microfinance helps not only educate the children but it creates jobs as well.

Microfinance institutions across the world are using technology to roll out
banking products for the unbanked population.

This technology is rapidly surpassing anything that has reached developing
countries. Training the microloan recipients is crucial, but until now it was a
costly affair. It is expensive for the clients to ensure their presence in
weekly meetings. It was also expensive for the microfinance institution to send
the staff at the place where the group resides.

Technology has solved this issue and training can now be imparted through
tablets or smart phones. Every poor in the group has a desire to come out of
poverty and they are keen learners.

Their smarter colleagues in the group step in to support a faltering member.

Technology is slowly penetrating the poorer segments of the society. There is
hardly a household without a cell phone.

Since the use of smartphones is increasing rapidly, soon dedicated microfinance
institutions would be able to serve their clients effectively and at a lower
cost.

The landscape of microfinance in Pakistan is changing at a fast past. The
globally known Finca (microfinance) bank has already established over 100
branches in Pakistan almost all of them in rural areas where the poverty is
deeply rooted.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              March 2, 2012 Friday

High school students in San Mateo live on $2 a day

BYLINE: By Sharon Noguchi snoguchi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; Education; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 744 words


In figuring out how to subsist on $2 a day, the hardest part wasn't what food to
buy. It wasn't even giving up warm beds, cellphones and showers.

For the dozen Hillsdale High students who camped out for two days to raise
awareness of world poverty, the challenge was reconciling the odd feeling of
being full with not feeling satisfied after meals of oatmeal, tortillas and
beans. Even the chana masala, a chickpea stew served over quinoa, only sounded
exotic and intriguing.

But the hardship wasn't a serious issue, they said.

"We learned the difference between needing something and wanting something,"
said Lisette Solis, 18, spokesman for the Hillsdale Effect group. "We're having
a lot of First World problems here," she said, referring to inconveniences of
sleeping on double layers of cardboard, cooking on a two-burner propane stove
and doing homework by the school's emergency lights. They rejected tents. They
wanted to stay true to Third World conditions.

"We thought we'd be criticized for going camping," Solis said. "Sleeping bags
and running water are kind of cheating. But for us, it's like, 'this is hard.' "

Now in its fourth year, the student-run Hillsdale Effect has raised $19,500 to
help 39 women in Guatemala start businesses and get vocational training.
Students have talked to Peninsula community groups about the virtues of
microlending, sponsored Penny Wars fundraisers on campus and worked with the
nonprofit Samaritan House service provider.

"These kids are amazing," said Kristin Houk, president and CEO of
Namaste-Direct, the student group's partner in funneling money to women in
Guatemala. "They are really industrious, neat kids with a deep commitment to the
eradication of poverty."

The Hillsdale Effect receives support and guidance from the San Mateo Rotary
Club, whose past president, Don Leydig, was also their former principal. The
group was spurred after the Grameen Bank, a Bangladeshi community development
bank, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006, and the United Nations Millennium
Project pushed developed nations to contribute more to alleviate global poverty.

Students have learned about commercial lending from bankers, and last summer
nine students visited Guatemala to see the enterprises they're funding. They're
intent on spreading their enthusiasm.

"I think we're getting into people's heads," said sophomore Elise Phillips, 15.
She said some kids walk up and say, "Oh, $2, that's not very much." On the other
hand, she said, "Students stop by and say, 'Wait, I know you, what are you doing
in there? OK, you guys are camping in a box, I'll walk away now.' "

They planned their event carefully, pooling their $2 allotments, buying masa to
make tortillas and trying out menus, and signing up friends to watch over their
belongings during class.

They braved the rain and evening temperatures that dipped into the low 40s, in
trying to replicate some of the conditions faced by the world's poorest people.
They bundled up in multiple jackets, fuzzy socks and layers of sweatpants.

Somehow, "they get every student on campus involved," said Brian Sullivan of the
Rotary Club. "That's pretty impressive."

Alumni of the group are studying international development in college, an
interest that several members reflected.

"It's really easy to forget other people in the world live completely different
lives than your own," said senior Melissa Diaz, who hopes to study anthropology.
"People who live on less than $2 a day can't just go to a vending machine and
get some Sun Chips because they feel like it."

In fact, during the 48-hour "Two Dollars a Day" event that ended Friday
afternoon, Hillsdale Effect campers couldn't do a lot of what they felt like
doing. Solis said. Midway through their camp-in, she said, "I was upset because
I have to write an essay and I can't listen to my iPod." And of course, everyone
was instinctively reaching for cellphones before remembering that texting and
calling weren't part of the poverty protocol.

"The rain and cold were not so bad," said Marty Roberts, the club's adviser, who
camped out, too. "Adapting to student cooking has been a little challenging."

Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775. Follow her at Twitter.com/NoguchiOnK12 .

Hillsdale Effect Fundraiser

The student group Hillsdale Effect will hold a fundraiser from 5:30 p.m. to 8
p.m. Thursday at the Hillsdale High School cafeteria, 3115 Del Monte St., San
Mateo. Admission is $10 for all-you-can-eat tacos and is open to the public.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Seniors Lesley Chiang, left, and Alysia Korsmeyer was dishes after
lunch at the "Hillsdale Effect" club camp at Hillsdale High School in San Mateo,
Calif., on Friday, March 2, 2012. Calling attention to global poverty students
about 15 students have camped out at the school for the past two days while
trying to live on $2 a day . The past few years members of the "Hillsdale
Effect" club have riased over $19,000 to use as microloans to help women in
Guatemala start businesses and receive vocational training.(John Green/Staff)
Students Melissa Diaz, left, and Lisette Solis , members of the "Hillsdale
Effect" club , work on homework in their camp at Hillsdale High School in San
Mateo, Calif., on Friday, March 2, 2012. Calling attention to global poverty
students about 15 students have camped out at the school for the past two days
while trying to live on $2 a day . The past few years members of the "Hillsdale
Effect" club have riased over $19,000 to use as microloans to help women in
Guatemala start businesses and receive vocational training.(John Green/Staff)
Sophomore Amanda Diaz, middle, and other members of the "Hillsdale Effect" club
, enjoy a lunch of beans and tortillas at their camp at Hillsdale High School in
San Mateo, Calif., on Friday, March 2, 2012. Calling attention to global poverty
students about 15 students have camped out at the school for the past two days
while trying to live on $2 a day . The past few years members of the "Hillsdale
Effect" club have riased over $19,000 to use as microloans to help women in
Guatemala start businesses and receive vocational training.(John Green/Staff)
Members of the "Hillsdale Effect" club , enjoyed a lunch of tortillas and beans
in their camp at Hillsdale High School in San Mateo, Calif., on Friday, March 2,
2012. Calling attention to global poverty students about 15 students have camped
out at the school for the past two days while trying to live on $2 a day . The
past few years members of the "Hillsdale Effect" club have riased over $19,000
to use as microloans to help women in Guatemala start businesses and receive
vocational training.(John Green/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 27, 2011 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

MICROLOANS HELP SMALL BUSINESSES

BYLINE: Patrick May San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: YOUR BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 795 words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif.


When Caitlin McShane looks down San Francisco's Mission Street, she doesn't see
taco joints and bodegas bulging with ripe fruit. She sees sharks.

"Look over there - payday loans," says the spokeswoman for Opportunity Fund, a
San Francisco Bay Area-based microlending nonprofit that helps small businesses
get off the ground or expand. "And there's a check-cashing place on the corner.
There's a pawnbroker, a loan office, and another payday loan place. People are
getting into debt to loan sharks and even pawning their things to keep their
businesses from going under. It's a mess, and this is what we're competing
against."

Sixteen years after making its first loan of $17,000 to San Jose's Treasure
Chest Aquarium, Opportunity Fund has become the country's third-largest
microlender and a star player in the burgeoning realm of microfinance. And while
microloans are more often associated with helping goat farmers in Uganda than
food trucks in Oakland, they've become an increasingly popular method of
alternative financing for small businesses, many of them struggling beneath the
crushing weight of the Great Recession.

"The growth rate of microfinance around the world is astounding, growing faster
than worldwide Internet usage," said Sean Foote, a venture capitalist who
teaches a course on the subject at the University of California-Berkeley's Haas
School of Business. "Here in the U.S., it's a relatively new trend, but with 25
million 'unranked' people without access to credit, there's a huge market out
there and the role of microlenders will continue to expand."

Manuel Godino, a 47-year-old chef from Buenos Aires who came to the United
States after Argentina's currency crisis in 2001, is a beneficiary of the trend.
After running his nascent empanada business out of rented kitchens, Godino got a
$45,000 loan at 7.5 percent interest from Opportunity Fund, opened a small
restaurant this summer on Valencia Street in San Francisco, and has already
hired eight full- and part-time employees.

"I looked all over for someone to give me money, but I had no credit," he said,
cranking out dozens of steaming empanadas for his lunchtime faithful. "I was
able to show the lender that even though I had no credit, there was a big demand
for my product. I could never have done this or hired these workers if I hadn't
gotten that loan."

He's got a lot of colorful company. Local microloans have helped a robot
startup, a cupcake vendor, San Jose dry cleaners converting their operations to
green businesses, and even a hair salon that becomes an art gallery by night.

Along with so-called peer-to-peer lending sites such as Prosper, and other
startups that connect individual lenders with borrowers online, microlenders are
a compelling piece of a parallel banking system supporting the self-employed and
others with little or no access to traditional banking services.

With funding from foundations, individual donors and banks themselves,
microlenders have been able to help thousands of aspiring business owners who
otherwise would be shut out from getting seed money or forced to take out
high-interest loans.

Rob Garcia, formerly head of peer-to-peer lending network Lending Club, says a
main reason people have trouble going the traditional route is that banks see
small loans as a hassle.

"Imagine a large bank having to spend all those resources managing thousands of
these different small loans," he said.

"These big banks are looking to give a million or two or three. So if you have a
food truck or a small alteration shop working out of your garage, you have to
try other options."

Garcia says these alternative forms of financing often have a do-good element
built in, so individual lenders can "do something right for people who need the
money but are unranked or under-banked."

That's industry lingo for an entire subculture of Americans with either no
credit history, bad credit or a lack of financial literacy, a problem common
among recent immigrants, who easily fall prey to predatory lenders.

San Francisco-based nonprofit Kiva, perhaps the best-known microfinance outfit
around, has mushroomed from a small lending project launched in a Ugandan
village to become a powerhouse nonprofit, with 100 employees doing $100 million
annually in loans to groups and individuals in 60 countries.

In 2009, Kiva began domestic lending, partnering with Opportunity Fund and other
microlenders around the country.

CEO and co-founder Matt Flannery, 34, says that despite its growth, microlending
in the United States faces different challenges than it does overseas.

For starters, there are higher costs and more red tape getting a business up and
running, he says.

"These kinds of loans are really important," said Flannery, "and we need to make
the system more efficient."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Small loans will make a difference

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 335 words


It may not be the entire future of farming in North America, but a move by the
U.S. to offer microloans to small farmers may be enough to encourage young
people to get in the business of food production.

The new loan program takes advantage of the growing interest in small-area
farming at a time when large-scale, single-crop operations are being affected by
drought, worldwide competition and massive costs.

Call it a boost to the so-called 100 Mile Diet.

Granted, it isn't free money, but the idea of microloans -- often used in
developing nations to help poor borrowers lacking collateral, employment and
credit history -- is a relatively low-risk way to get a foot in the barn door.
The interest rate is 4.9 per cent and the loan doesn't have to be repaid for
seven years, giving farmers ample time to grow their business.

It's a model that could be easily duplicated in Canada.

The U.S. plan offers up to $35,000 to help family-run farms grow produce on a
direct-to-consumer basis, like a farmers' market, and create more opportunities
for entrepreneurship and employment in the farming industry.

And the move to smaller loans will improve the chances of success, as young
families will be more encouraged to take the leap into farming because there
will be less risk.

That goes a long way because as it stands, lenders typically loan hundreds of
thousands to farming operations, sums so high that anyone thinking about
entering the industry is scared away. But the thought of securing a small loan
to help with irrigation, small farming tools and equipment, and all the dozens
of other little things that are bound to crop up, will help make the transition
easier.

In a time when consumers are hungry for locally-grown food, any attempt to push
young people into farming will also benefit the environment, people's health and
food security.

Like many farmers are apt to warn, hardships and failures are bound to happen.
But those who can make the most of a small boost, will undoubtedly find
fulfilment in farming.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS



        Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM): Business News (English)

                     December 6, 2010 Monday 5:28 PM GMT +3

SDM Bank gets first instalments of 5-year loans from EBRD

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE

LENGTH: 112  words


MOSCOW. SDM Bank, operating in Moscow and eight regions of Russia, has received
the first instalments of loans from the European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD), one for financing private small and medium-sized enterprises
(SMEs) to an amount of RUR112.5mn ($3.6mn, or (EURO)2.7mn), and another for
development of microloans totalling RUR30mn ($960,000, or (EURO)717,000), the
bank said in a statement.

As part of strategic cooperation with SDM Bank, the EBRD will provide it with
two five-year loans to an aggregate sum of RUR375mn. They will be used to
finance SMEs and to develop microloans with support from the EBRD's Russia Small
Business Fund (RSBF).

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_GENERAL


                      Copyright 2002 - 2010 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS



     Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Banking & Finance (English)

                     December 6, 2010 Monday 5:28 PM GMT +3

SDM Bank gets first instalments of 5-year loans from EBRD

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE

LENGTH: 112  words


MOSCOW. SDM Bank, operating in Moscow and eight regions of Russia, has received
the first instalments of loans from the European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD), one for financing private small and medium-sized enterprises
(SMEs) to an amount of RUR112.5mn ($3.6mn, or (EURO)2.7mn), and another for
development of microloans totalling RUR30mn ($960,000, or (EURO)717,000), the
bank said in a statement.

As part of strategic cooperation with SDM Bank, the EBRD will provide it with
two five-year loans to an aggregate sum of RUR375mn. They will be used to
finance SMEs and to develop microloans with support from the EBRD's Russia Small
Business Fund (RSBF).

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_BANK


                      Copyright 2002 - 2010 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            December 28, 2014 Sunday

Brattleboro couple heading back to Rwanda to build homes

BYLINE: By Domenic Poli dpoli@reformer.com @dpoli_reformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 724 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The last time the Herlockers traveled to Africa, they
helped a disadvantaged Rwandan family build a new house.

That humanitarian mission went so well, they have decided to try to at least
double their objective.

On Jan. 7, Lauren Rose Herlocker and her husband Daniel Herlocker, both nurses
by profession, are taking off from John F. Kennedy International Airport to
Rwanda, where they will stay for about a month helping families. Lauren told the
Reformer she and Daniel hope to help construct three houses (each with its own
latrine) with money that has been donated for the cause by families, friends and
strangers.

The Herlockers journeyed to Africa last January and arrived in Rwanda after a
couple months of traveling through Ethiopia, Kenya and Uganda. Once in Rwanda,
the two dedicated their efforts to helping construct a new home for a family
Lauren met through her interpreter Felix Rudasingwa, who works for a microloan
organization called Rwanda Sustainable Families. The family's matriarch is a
microloan recipient and a rabbit farmer. The family, Lauren explained, was given
a piece of land by the national government after their house was washed away in
a landslide, though all the family could afford to built on it was a corrugated
metal structure they lived in for nearly three years before the Herlockers
arrived.

It was this experience that convinced the married couple to help some more.
Lauren told the Reformer that each house   a four-room structure made with
corrugated metal and adobe brick   costs roughly $2,500 and she and her husband
have generated funds for a little more than two houses. She said they are hoping
to raise more before they leave. Lauren Herlocker said the Facebook page
"Inshuti of Rwanda"   she set up a few years ago now has a way for people to
donate money. She said "Inshuti" means "Friends."

There is also an account, titled "Help The Herlocker's Build Homes in Rwanda,"
on FundRazr.com .

Lauren, 33, said Daniel will stay in Rwanda with her and then fly home, while
she plans to spend three months traveling to Burundi, Tanzania, Zimbabwe,
Mozambique, Somalia and Zanzibar. Daniel, 40, told the Reformer his trip to
Africa nearly a year ago was so moving he jumped at the chance to go back.

"Last year, it was probably the best human experience I've ever had. It was just
people coming together for the purposes of good and it felt wonderful to be a
part of it," he said.

Lauren said the previous trip coincided with the 20th anniversary of the Rwandan
Genocide. The Africa nation went through a nightmarish ordeal after the airplane
of Rwandan President Juvcnal Habyarimana was shot down in April 1994, sparking a
roughly 100-day period of mass slaughter that resulted in an estimated 800,000
to 1 million deaths. It was the culmination of pent-up aggression and hatred
between two of the country's ethnic groups, as the majority Hutus, who had been
in power since the late 1950s, tried to wipe out the minority Tutsis. The
patriarch of the family the Herlockers have befriended lost an eye due to a
shrapnel wound and now suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder.

The country rallied together for the 20th anniversary of the genocide's start
and Lauren said it was very powerful and touching. She said no work is allowed
that day and every workday that week is cut in half for remembrance and
mourning. She said she and Daniel joined Rudasingwa, their interpreter, and
citizens of his town's sector on a memorial tour of spots significant to the
tragedy. She said people followed a pick-up truck equipped with speakers that
played solemn music and individuals would tell stories about why each place on
the walk was relevant.

"Being in that village for each of the last three years, I know that area pretty
well and it was totally overwhelming learning about these places I had walked
past hundreds of times and learning what had happened there," she said.

She said one of the stops was a former police checkpoint where people were
forced to show identification and then killed if they were Tutsis. Lauren said
the walk ended at a church where families of either ethnic group were massacred
after trying to find refuge from the mayhem. She told the Reformer members of
both ethnic groups spokes at the church   enemies no longer.

Contact Domenic Poli at 802-254-2311, ext. 277.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brattleboro resident Daniel Herlocker pours out mud, which is used to
mortar adobe brick for a house in Rwanda last year. He is working alongside
Jean-Bosco, who is a mason. Herlocker, and his wife Lauren Herlocker, are
returning to Rwanda next month to further help families build homes.
Brattleboro resident Lauren Herlocker helps build a house foundation using
volcanic rock on a trip to Rwanda. Herlocker and her husband, Daniel Herlocker,
will return to Rwanda next month to further help people build homes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Utah: $1.2 Million Challenge for Formerly Incarcerated Entrepreneurs Opens

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:


 The Aspire Challenge will award prizes of $75,000 to as many as sixteen
organizations in support of their efforts to deliver entrepreneurial training
and microloan assistance to formerly incarcerated individuals. The competition
is open to all for-profit and nonprofit entrepreneurial support organizations
with an innovative and sustainable solution to providing the formerly
incarcerated with the education and technical assistance they need to start and
expand a business. With approximately 60 percent of formerly incarcerated
individuals still unemployed a year after their release, self-employment
increasingly is seen as a viable alternative to the traditional nine-to-five
job.


 The competition will build on the momentum of the Aspire Entrepreneurship
Initiative, a public-private partnership announced last August between the SBA,
the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and microlender Justine PETERSEN. The initiative,
which connects formerly incarcerated individuals to entrepreneurial training,
education, and microloans, was piloted in Detroit, Chicago, Louisville, and St.
Louis, while the Aspire Challenge is aimed at sourcing additional  solutions in
regions beyond those metropolitan areas.
 "Entrepreneurship and small business ownership are proven paths toward wealth
creation and financial independence, especially for people who might otherwise
feel trapped by their circumstances," said Tameka Montgomery, associate
administrator for the SBA's Office of Entrepreneurial Development.
"Entrepreneurship can even be a ladder of opportunity for citizens who have
served their debt to society but are struggling to find employment after
incarceration. With the training and startup tools provided through this
competition, these citizens can finally start to rebuild their lives and build
relationships with their families and communities."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           December 25, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Unitil reports power is back;
Officials push for funding

BYLINE: Anna L. Griffin, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: FITCHBURG


The 12 days of Christmas have prompted some officials in northern Central
Massachusetts communities to struggle with the unwelcome gifts brought by the
Dec. 11 ice storm, which knocked out power to thousands and crippled the region
for days.

"It's been a long haul. I hope the worst of it is over for now," said Gregory W.
Barnes, town administrator for Townsend.

"We're back at 100 percent, almost," Mr. Barnes said. "We have a few people who
still have to have the service put back to their homes, but the power is back on
to every part of our community."

Yesterday morning Lt. Gov. Timothy P. Murray met with state and local officials
at the Ashby fire station and also at the Townsend police station to speak about
restoration efforts.

"He was here to assess the situation and to offer his support," Mr. Barnes said.
"I think funding is going to be a big, big issue for us."

He noted that many communities were wrestling with financial issues before the
ice storm hit. Mr. Barnes said Townsend has spent "hundreds of thousands" of
dollars in its response.

"That doesn't count loss for businesses and individuals," Mr. Barnes said. "When
it's all tallied, I think you're going to be looking at millions of dollars."

A statement released by Unitil yesterday reported that restoration of electrical
service in its Massachusetts service area was substantially complete, with the
exception of individual service problems that were being addressed through
Christmas Day.

Unitil provides service to 25,000 customers in Fitchburg, Townsend, Lunenburg
and Ashby.

Crews will be available to address any new electric service problems that may
arise, according to a statement from the company.

The company also established a telephone number, one that will bypass its voice
mail system and get customers talking directly to a customer service
representative. That number is (978) 353-3240. The number for the automated
answering system is (888) 301-7700.

Fitchburg Mayor Lisa A. Wong said people should keep the telephone numbers on
hand, as the city is still experiencing sporadic power outages.

The power to the mayor's house was restored a few days ago; however, power to
the house was lost again yesterday morning. Ms. Wong was unsure whether it was
on again as of yesterday afternoon.

During a press conference yesterday, the mayor announced a short-term emergency
loan program for existing businesses in an effort to avoid the loss of jobs
caused by hardships from the ice storm.

The program can provide up to $10,000 of interest-free working capital for
easing short-term cash flow deficits. Loans are provided through the Fitchburg
Industrial Development Financing Authority's Microloan program, funded through
the city's Community Development Block Grant program.

"We were happy to learn early this week that the IDFA Microloan funds could be
used to help some of our local businesses recover from this unprecedented storm
event," Ms. Wong said.

Funds for the Microloan program are limited, and applications will be reviewed
on an individual basis through Jan. 16. Applications and information can be
found at DiscoverFitchburg.com, or by visiting the Fitchburg Economic
Development Division at City Hall, 718 Main St., or by e-mailing
FitchburgEDD@fitchburg-ma.gov, or by calling (978) 345-9596.

Ms. Wong said she and others in municipal government are waiting to hear if
President George W. Bush will make a major disaster declaration, leading to
public assistance.

Gov. Deval L. Patrick has made a request to the president to expedite financial
aid to Worcester, Franklin, Hampden, Hampshire and Berkshire counties, all of
which were affected the ice storm.

The federal government would contribute 75 percent and the state would pay for
25 percent of the costs for the repair, restoration or reconstruction of public
facilities and infrastructure, as well debris removal and storm-related overtime
costs for first responders.

Ms. Wong said the city's shelter, closed Tuesday night, had assisted 350 people
and initially was run by city staff coordinated by the Board of Health. On Dec.
19, the Red Cross took over operations, as people from communities surrounding
Fitchburg were taken there

The Red Cross reported providing shelter to nearly 3,500 residents in 29 Central
Massachusetts shelters in the days after the ice storm. All of the shelters were
closed as of Tuesday night, according to Nicole E. Valentine, spokeswoman for
the American Red Cross Central Massachusetts chapter. Outside the shelters,
mobile units provided hot coffee, snacks and bottles of water to emergency
officials and individuals who remained without electricity.

Ms. Valentine said the local chapter distributed thousands of meals and snacks,
as well as more than 800 cots and 1,200 blankets to support the community
shelters. Additionally, more than 100 Red Cross volunteers from Connecticut, New
York and New Jersey joined in-state volunteers in care relief efforts.

"In the spirit of the season, our volunteers were truly giving of themselves and
their time," Ms. Valentine said. "We couldn't have done it without them."

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Shoppers make their way carefully through the slush yesterday as they visit Stop
and Shop at Lincoln Plaza.
T&G Staff/CHRISTINE PETERSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

Roundup: Investors put money into stock funds; US Airways Presdient nets $1.37M;
more

LENGTH: 573 words


Mutual funds have 2nd-biggest week ever

Investor deposits with global equity mutual funds in the first week of January
were higher than any other period except one, a sign they may be coming back to
stocks after withdrawing cash for the past six years. About $22 billion flowed
into equity funds around the world in the week ended Jan. 9, according to data
compiled by research firm EPFR Global going back to 1996. Emerging-market equity
funds took in the most money on record. The MSCI All-Country World Index jumped
3.1 percent in the first week of 2013 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index
reached a five-year high yesterday on signs the global economy is gaining
momentum. "An improving backdrop is causing investors to reappraise equities,"
said Graham Bishop, an equity strategist at Exane BNP Paribas in London.
"Equities are well placed to benefit as the recent flow data implies."

US Airways' Kirby gains $1.37M

US Airways Group Inc. President Scott Kirby, who has helped lead the carrier's
push for a merger with bankrupt AMR Corp.'s American Airlines, earned a $1.37
million profit from a sale of the company's stock. The disposal of 114,862 US
Airways shares occurred on Jan. 8 when the stock hit the $15 trigger price set
last year when Kirby created the so-called Rule 10b5-1 plan, according to a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The shares were valued at $3.10 when
placed in the plan, the filing said.

Apple CEO: China biggest market

Apple expects China to overtake the United States as its biggest market, CEO Tim
Cook told a Chinese government news agency. "China is currently our
second-largest market. I believe it will become our first. I believe strongly
that it will," the Xinhua News Agency quoted Cook as saying. The report gave no
details of when Cook thought China might pass the United States. Apple has said
sales in China more than doubled in 2010 and 2011 though growth has slowed in
the past year. Apple's iPhones, iPads and other gadgets are popular with China's
highest-earning consumers but its fast-growing smartphone market is dominated by
handsets that use rival Google Inc.'s Android system.

Other business news

Oilfield services company Baker Hughes Inc. said the number of rigs actively
exploring for oil and natural gas dropped by one for a second consecutive week
to settle at 1,761. The Houston-based company said in its weekly report Friday
that 1,323 rigs were exploring for oil and 434 for gas. Four were listed as
miscellaneous. A year ago, Baker Hughes counted 1,987 working rigs. Pennsylvania
lost six rigs while Colorado and Texas each dropped two. Arkansas and New Mexico
remained unchanged.

Bridgeway Capital, a community development financial institution based Downtown,
said Friday it's expanding its microloan-making territory northward to Erie,
Crawford, Mercer, Lawrence, Venango and Clarion counties. The microloans, whose
maximum is $50,000, are backed by the Small Business Administration. Bridgeway
Capital already makes microloans in Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler and
Indiana counties.

Susan Balla, executive director of the Chamber of Commerce Inc., will retire on
Feb. 15 from the head of the organization, which represents businesses in 16
municipalities in the North Hills. Balla has led the group since October 2009,
when it was formed from the merger of the Cranberry and Northern Allegheny
County chambers of commerce.

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

Roundup: Investors put money into stock funds; US Airways Presdient nets $1.37M;
more

LENGTH: 573 words


Mutual funds have 2nd-biggest week ever

Investor deposits with global equity mutual funds in the first week of January
were higher than any other period except one, a sign they may be coming back to
stocks after withdrawing cash for the past six years. About $22 billion flowed
into equity funds around the world in the week ended Jan. 9, according to data
compiled by research firm EPFR Global going back to 1996. Emerging-market equity
funds took in the most money on record. The MSCI All-Country World Index jumped
3.1 percent in the first week of 2013 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index
reached a five-year high yesterday on signs the global economy is gaining
momentum. "An improving backdrop is causing investors to reappraise equities,"
said Graham Bishop, an equity strategist at Exane BNP Paribas in London.
"Equities are well placed to benefit as the recent flow data implies."

US Airways' Kirby gains $1.37M

US Airways Group Inc. President Scott Kirby, who has helped lead the carrier's
push for a merger with bankrupt AMR Corp.'s American Airlines, earned a $1.37
million profit from a sale of the company's stock. The disposal of 114,862 US
Airways shares occurred on Jan. 8 when the stock hit the $15 trigger price set
last year when Kirby created the so-called Rule 10b5-1 plan, according to a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The shares were valued at $3.10 when
placed in the plan, the filing said.

Apple CEO: China biggest market

Apple expects China to overtake the United States as its biggest market, CEO Tim
Cook told a Chinese government news agency. "China is currently our
second-largest market. I believe it will become our first. I believe strongly
that it will," the Xinhua News Agency quoted Cook as saying. The report gave no
details of when Cook thought China might pass the United States. Apple has said
sales in China more than doubled in 2010 and 2011 though growth has slowed in
the past year. Apple's iPhones, iPads and other gadgets are popular with China's
highest-earning consumers but its fast-growing smartphone market is dominated by
handsets that use rival Google Inc.'s Android system.

Other business news

Oilfield services company Baker Hughes Inc. said the number of rigs actively
exploring for oil and natural gas dropped by one for a second consecutive week
to settle at 1,761. The Houston-based company said in its weekly report Friday
that 1,323 rigs were exploring for oil and 434 for gas. Four were listed as
miscellaneous. A year ago, Baker Hughes counted 1,987 working rigs. Pennsylvania
lost six rigs while Colorado and Texas each dropped two. Arkansas and New Mexico
remained unchanged.

Bridgeway Capital, a community development financial institution based Downtown,
said Friday it's expanding its microloan-making territory northward to Erie,
Crawford, Mercer, Lawrence, Venango and Clarion counties. The microloans, whose
maximum is $50,000, are backed by the Small Business Administration. Bridgeway
Capital already makes microloans in Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler and
Indiana counties.

Susan Balla, executive director of the Chamber of Commerce Inc., will retire on
Feb. 15 from the head of the organization, which represents businesses in 16
municipalities in the North Hills. Balla has led the group since October 2009,
when it was formed from the merger of the Cranberry and Northern Allegheny
County chambers of commerce.

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

Roundup: Investors put money into stock funds; US Airways Presdient nets $1.37M;
more

LENGTH: 573 words


Mutual funds have 2nd-best week on record

Investor deposits with global equity mutual funds in the first week of January
were higher than any other period except one, a sign they may be coming back to
stocks after withdrawing cash for the past six years. About $22 billion flowed
into equity funds around the world in the week ended Jan. 9, according to data
compiled by research firm EPFR Global going back to 1996. Emerging-market equity
funds took in the most money on record. The MSCI All-Country World Index jumped
3.1 percent in the first week of 2013 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index
reached a five-year high yesterday on signs the global economy is gaining
momentum. "An improving backdrop is causing investors to reappraise equities,"
said Graham Bishop, an equity strategist at Exane BNP Paribas in London.
"Equities are well placed to benefit as the recent flow data implies."

US Airways' Kirby gains $1.37M

US Airways Group Inc. President Scott Kirby, who has helped lead the carrier's
push for a merger with bankrupt AMR Corp.'s American Airlines, earned a $1.37
million profit from a sale of the company's stock. The disposal of 114,862 US
Airways shares occurred on Jan. 8 when the stock hit the $15 trigger price set
last year when Kirby created the so-called Rule 10b5-1 plan, according to a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The shares were valued at $3.10 when
placed in the plan, the filing said.

Apple CEO: China biggest market

Apple expects China to overtake the United States as its biggest market, CEO Tim
Cook told a Chinese government news agency. "China is currently our
second-largest market. I believe it will become our first. I believe strongly
that it will," the Xinhua News Agency quoted Cook as saying. The report gave no
details of when Cook thought China might pass the United States. Apple has said
sales in China more than doubled in 2010 and 2011 though growth has slowed in
the past year. Apple's iPhones, iPads and other gadgets are popular with China's
highest-earning consumers but its fast-growing smartphone market is dominated by
handsets that use rival Google Inc.'s Android system.

Other business news

Oilfield services company Baker Hughes Inc. said the number of rigs actively
exploring for oil and natural gas dropped by one for a second consecutive week
to settle at 1,761. The Houston-based company said in its weekly report Friday
that 1,323 rigs were exploring for oil and 434 for gas. Four were listed as
miscellaneous. A year ago, Baker Hughes counted 1,987 working rigs. Pennsylvania
lost six rigs while Colorado and Texas each dropped two. Arkansas and New Mexico
remained unchanged.

Bridgeway Capital, a community development financial institution based Downtown,
said Friday it's expanding its microloan-making territory northward to Erie,
Crawford, Mercer, Lawrence, Venango and Clarion counties. The microloans, whose
maximum is $50,000, are backed by the Small Business Administration. Bridgeway
Capital already makes microloans in Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler and
Indiana counties.

Susan Balla, executive director of the Chamber of Commerce Inc., will retire on
Feb. 15 from the head of the organization, which represents businesses in 16
municipalities in the North Hills. Balla has led the group since October 2009,
when it was formed from the merger of the Cranberry and Northern Allegheny
County chambers of commerce.

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

Roundup: Investors put money into stock funds; US Airways Presdient nets $1.37M;
more

LENGTH: 573 words


Mutual funds have 2nd-biggest week ever

Investor deposits with global equity mutual funds in the first week of January
were higher than any other period except one, a sign they may be coming back to
stocks after withdrawing cash for the past six years. About $22 billion flowed
into equity funds around the world in the week ended Jan. 9, according to data
compiled by research firm EPFR Global going back to 1996. Emerging-market equity
funds took in the most money on record. The MSCI All-Country World Index jumped
3.1 percent in the first week of 2013 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index
reached a five-year high yesterday on signs the global economy is gaining
momentum. "An improving backdrop is causing investors to reappraise equities,"
said Graham Bishop, an equity strategist at Exane BNP Paribas in London.
"Equities are well placed to benefit as the recent flow data implies."

US Airways' Kirby gains $1.37M

US Airways Group Inc. President Scott Kirby, who has helped lead the carrier's
push for a merger with bankrupt AMR Corp.'s American Airlines, earned a $1.37
million profit from a sale of the company's stock. The disposal of 114,862 US
Airways shares occurred on Jan. 8 when the stock hit the $15 trigger price set
last year when Kirby created the so-called Rule 10b5-1 plan, according to a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The shares were valued at $3.10 when
placed in the plan, the filing said.

Apple CEO: China biggest market

Apple expects China to overtake the United States as its biggest market, CEO Tim
Cook told a Chinese government news agency. "China is currently our
second-largest market. I believe it will become our first. I believe strongly
that it will," the Xinhua News Agency quoted Cook as saying. The report gave no
details of when Cook thought China might pass the United States. Apple has said
sales in China more than doubled in 2010 and 2011 though growth has slowed in
the past year. Apple's iPhones, iPads and other gadgets are popular with China's
highest-earning consumers but its fast-growing smartphone market is dominated by
handsets that use rival Google Inc.'s Android system.

Other business news

Oilfield services company Baker Hughes Inc. said the number of rigs actively
exploring for oil and natural gas dropped by one for a second consecutive week
to settle at 1,761. The Houston-based company said in its weekly report Friday
that 1,323 rigs were exploring for oil and 434 for gas. Four were listed as
miscellaneous. A year ago, Baker Hughes counted 1,987 working rigs. Pennsylvania
lost six rigs while Colorado and Texas each dropped two. Arkansas and New Mexico
remained unchanged.

Bridgeway Capital, a community development financial institution based Downtown,
said Friday it's expanding its microloan-making territory northward to Erie,
Crawford, Mercer, Lawrence, Venango and Clarion counties. The microloans, whose
maximum is $50,000, are backed by the Small Business Administration. Bridgeway
Capital already makes microloans in Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler and
Indiana counties.

Susan Balla, executive director of the Chamber of Commerce Inc., will retire on
Feb. 15 from the head of the organization, which represents businesses in 16
municipalities in the North Hills. Balla has led the group since October 2009,
when it was formed from the merger of the Cranberry and Northern Allegheny
County chambers of commerce.

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Garden Spot Teacher Hailed For Excellence

BYLINE: Blayne Sheaffer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 374  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

bsheaffer@lnpnews.com

A Garden Spot Middle School teacher will be one of five instructors to receive
the David and Annette Jorgensen Teacher of the Year Award for Excellence and a
$2,000 prize from izzit.org on June 19 in Chicago.

David C. Smith, who for 10 years has taught seventh-grade social studies at the
school, used izzit.org's DVD "Pennies a Day" - depicting the process of
microloans aiding people in poverty - to show his students the difference
between their lives and the lives of those in poverty.

The not-for-profit izzit.org provides educators with videos and other
information to encourage critical thinking among students.

"I have not found a better way to explain, or, better yet, show firsthand how
the idea of microloans plays out in the real world," Smith said.

Smith, to educate his students on their freedoms, compares the opportunities
available in America to those in other countries.

"For example, they could be Suzana Kakusa from Tanzania," Smith said. "Suzana is
a businesswoman and entrepreneur. ... She sells milk supplied from her own farm
and purchases additional supplies of milk directly from other farmers which she
then transports to her customers, which include restaurants, cafes and families.
She has an annual income of $1,100."

Smith asked his students how much they would be willing to lend so that someone
less fortunate could support himself or herself.

Students went on to donate $25 via www.kiva.org - a nonprofit that connects
people with lenders - to an entrepreneur of their choice.

More than 1,000 students have seen "Pennies a Day" and have donated through
Smith's class.

To earn the Teacher of the Year Award, a teacher must explain how he or she
taught students about the characteristics of a free society in a creative and
effective manner. This is the sixth year the award has been given.

Tara Schupp, chief operating officer of izzit.org, said she will be proud to
present this year's award to Smith.

"We know teaching is hard work, and we're pleased to recognize and honor the
outstanding efforts of teachers like Mr. Smith," said Schupp.

Smith says his favorite part of the job remains his students.

"They always keep things interesting, make me laugh and make every day unique,"
Smith said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: D. Smith

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             August 30, 2015 Sunday

BISP, Akhuwat ink MoU for poverty eradication

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 239

LENGTH: 337  words


The Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) connects with specialists
organizations for a common cause, positions it-self for adoption of
sophisticated technology.

BISP Chairperson/Minister of State MNA Marvi Memon and Dr Amjad Saqib,

Chairman Akhuwat, inked a Memorandum of Understanding at Lahore laying the basis
for working together for poverty eradication through micro-finance.

The understanding was solemnized in a dignified yet simple event at the
historical Mian Mir Mosque in the presence of more than 500 men and women.

The BISP Chairperson stated that microloans extended by specialist organisations
such as Akhuwat were a preferred mode for poor women to graduate out of poverty.
Ms Memon distributed cheques for microloans under the Chief Minister's Scheme
for Self Employment.

The BISP chairperson held a meeting with Dr Umer Saif, Punjab information
Technology Board and discussed innovative solutions for improving BISP services.
Dr Saif assured BISP of its utmost support in accessing cutting edge
technologies for improving service efficiency and effectiveness.

Marvi Memon and Secretary BISP Mohammad Saleem Ranjha visited the BISP Tehsil
office at Harbanspura. The Chairperson held an open session and solicited women
beneficiaries' views on working of the BISP office.

She sensitized them about the introduction of the Payment Complaints Management
System (PCMS) and instructed BISP staff to efficiently address clients' issues.
Marvi Memon emphasised that Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif's government
had significantly enhanced the amount of BISP's cash transfer and was working
day and night to alleviate poverty and vulnerability.

She also held detailed meetings with Alkhidmat Foundation, Kawish e-Clinic at
Gulab Devi Hospital and Taba Foundation and identified common areas of interest
and collaboration.

She also addressed an event on e-entrepreneurship held under the auspices of
e-Pakistan Vision 2025 and appreciated the opportunities being exploited by
enterprising youth for income generation.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                             August 30, 2015 Sunday

BISP, Akhuwat ink MoU for poverty eradication

LENGTH: 337  words


The Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) connects with specialists
organizations for a common cause, positions it-self for adoption of
sophisticated technology.

BISP Chairperson/Minister of State MNA Marvi Memon and Dr Amjad Saqib,

Chairman Akhuwat, inked a Memorandum of Understanding at Lahore laying the basis
for working together for poverty eradication through micro-finance.

The understanding was solemnized in a dignified yet simple event at the
historical Mian Mir Mosque in the presence of more than 500 men and women.

The BISP Chairperson stated that microloans extended by specialist organisations
such as Akhuwat were a preferred mode for poor women to graduate out of poverty.
Ms Memon distributed cheques for microloans under the Chief Minister's Scheme
for Self Employment.

The BISP chairperson held a meeting with Dr Umer Saif, Punjab information
Technology Board and discussed innovative solutions for improving BISP services.
Dr Saif assured BISP of its utmost support in accessing cutting edge
technologies for improving service efficiency and effectiveness.

Marvi Memon and Secretary BISP Mohammad Saleem Ranjha visited the BISP Tehsil
office at Harbanspura. The Chairperson held an open session and solicited women
beneficiaries' views on working of the BISP office.

She sensitized them about the introduction of the Payment Complaints Management
System (PCMS) and instructed BISP staff to efficiently address clients' issues.
Marvi Memon emphasised that Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif's government
had significantly enhanced the amount of BISP's cash transfer and was working
day and night to alleviate poverty and vulnerability.

She also held detailed meetings with Alkhidmat Foundation, Kawish e-Clinic at
Gulab Devi Hospital and Taba Foundation and identified common areas of interest
and collaboration.

She also addressed an event on e-entrepreneurship held under the auspices of
e-Pakistan Vision 2025 and appreciated the opportunities being exploited by
enterprising youth for income generation.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             August 30, 2015 Sunday

BISP, Akhuwat ink MoU for poverty eradication

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 239

LENGTH: 337  words


The Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) connects with specialists
organizations for a common cause, positions it-self for adoption of
sophisticated technology.

BISP Chairperson/Minister of State MNA Marvi Memon and Dr Amjad Saqib,

Chairman Akhuwat, inked a Memorandum of Understanding at Lahore laying the basis
for working together for poverty eradication through micro-finance.

The understanding was solemnized in a dignified yet simple event at the
historical Mian Mir Mosque in the presence of more than 500 men and women.

The BISP Chairperson stated that microloans extended by specialist organisations
such as Akhuwat were a preferred mode for poor women to graduate out of poverty.
Ms Memon distributed cheques for microloans under the Chief Minister's Scheme
for Self Employment.

The BISP chairperson held a meeting with Dr Umer Saif, Punjab information
Technology Board and discussed innovative solutions for improving BISP services.
Dr Saif assured BISP of its utmost support in accessing cutting edge
technologies for improving service efficiency and effectiveness.

Marvi Memon and Secretary BISP Mohammad Saleem Ranjha visited the BISP Tehsil
office at Harbanspura. The Chairperson held an open session and solicited women
beneficiaries' views on working of the BISP office.

She sensitized them about the introduction of the Payment Complaints Management
System (PCMS) and instructed BISP staff to efficiently address clients' issues.
Marvi Memon emphasised that Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif's government
had significantly enhanced the amount of BISP's cash transfer and was working
day and night to alleviate poverty and vulnerability.

She also held detailed meetings with Alkhidmat Foundation, Kawish e-Clinic at
Gulab Devi Hospital and Taba Foundation and identified common areas of interest
and collaboration.

She also addressed an event on e-entrepreneurship held under the auspices of
e-Pakistan Vision 2025 and appreciated the opportunities being exploited by
enterprising youth for income generation.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 28, 2009 Tuesday

Tajikistan, Islamic Development Bank sign 20m-dollar loan agreement

LENGTH: 170 words


Text of report by state-owned Tajik news agency Khovar website

Dushanbe, 28 July: A ceremony to sign a loan agreement between the Tajik
government and the Islamic Development Bank on a project to allocate microloans
was held in Dushanbe today.

The chairwoman of the joint-stock company Tojiksodirotbonk, Nataliya
Nazarshoyeva, and Vice President of the Islamic Development Bank [IDB] Birama
Boubacar Sidibe, signed a [loan] agreement worth 10m dollars on allocation of
microloans for the development of rural areas.

The chairman of the State Savings Bank of Tajikistan Amonatbonk, Mahmadamin
Mahmadaminov, and Vice President of the Islamic Development Bank [IDB] Birama
Boubacar Sidibe signed a [loan] agreement worth 10m dollars on development of
entrepreneurship in rural area.

Birama Boubacar Sidibe pointed out that the Islamic Development Bank was
interested in cooperation with Tajikistan and satisfied with the implementation
of joint projects of the two countries.

Source: Khovar website, Dushanbe, in Russian 28 Jul 09

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Illinois: Mayor Emanuel Announces $5 Million In Funding Available To Chicago
Small Businesses

LENGTH: 1052  words

DATELINE: Springfield


City of Chicago has issued the following news release:


Mayor Rahm Emanuel today announced new partnerships that will help small
business owners in neighborhoods throughout Chicago access needed capital.
Following a successful pilot, the Small Business Opportunity Center Program
(formerly Capital Access Centers), which helps small business owners prepare for
loans, will expand from three to eight centers across Chicago and $5 million in
funding is available for Chicago small businesses. "Small businesses are the
economic backbone of Chicago and when they succeed, our neighborhoods and our
city succeeds," said Mayor Rahm Emanuel. "By connecting our entrepreneurs with
the resources and capital they need to thrive, they can create the jobs that our
neighborhoods deserve and help to keep every community in Chicago more vibrant."
New partners Somercor 504, Inc., Goldman Sachs, and the Chicago Business
Opportunity Fund have more than $5 million available to lend to qualified small
businesses.

Both centers provide loans between $50,000 and $250,000 to small businesses - a
loan size that more small businesses are having trouble securing. They will join
the Latin American Chamber, Sunshine Gospel Ministries, and the Women's Business
Development Center, along with the three pilot partners, Greater Englewood CDC,
the Resurrection Project, and Chatham Business Association in counseling small
businesses through the lending process and matching them to available sources of
capital. "VEDC has been the lender of last resort for many good companies that
have struggled during the economic downturn and recovery," said Roberto
Barragan, President and CEO of VEDC. "The Chicagoland Business Opportunity Fund
was created to bring an innovative and affordable source of alternative
financing to Chicago entrepreneurs through a variety of loan programs." "Strong
communities require strategic partnerships. This program demonstrates how our
City has made crucial steps towards efficiency and effectiveness. This is a
historic moment for the Woodlawn neighborhood and would not have happened
without the Mayor's strong leadership," said Alderman Willie B. Cochran (20th).
The announcement coincides with the Chicago Microlending Institute (CMI),
recently awarding its 200th microloan. In 2012, Mayor Emanuel launched the
Chicago Microlending Institute with $1 million to help businesses access loans
up to $25,000. In 2014, the Mayor and the City Treasurer invested an additional
$1 million to provide critical loans that would help support roughly 300 new
businesses by 2016 and ensure that the CMI program can be self-funding through
2016. The CMI revolving loan fund now has loans totaling approximately $2
million, which has supported close to 200 businesses and has helped create or
save 817 jobs across the City of Chicago. A map of every loan is available on
the Chicago Data portal at
www.data.cityofchicago.org/Community-Economic-Development/Chicago-Microlending-I
nstitute-CMI-Microloans/dpkg-upyz. The announcement was made at one of the new
Centers with Sunshine Gospel Ministries in Woodlawn at Greenline Coffee. Twelve
Chicago families invested $150,000 to start the coffee shop that employs 10
staff, all of whom live in Woodlawn. This is an example of the type of
neighborhood-focused small business supported by microloans and with community
investment. "The work that is being done with small businesses through the micro
loan program makes us more effective as a City. When the private sector,
non-profits, and government work together, we all win," said Alderman Mary
O'Connor (41st), Member of the Small Business Advisory Committee. "Small
businesses are the lifeblood of our neighborhoods and the primary source of
jobs. Access to capital is essential for small business development, cash flow
and growth. The Chicago Microlending Institute fills this necessary link to
capital and I applaud the expansion of lending centers into new communities
across our City," said Alderman Tom Tunney (44th), Chair of the Committee on
Economic, Capital, and Technology Development. Since Mayor Emanuel announced the
Capital Access Center pilot program (now the Small Business Opportunity Center
Program) in October 2014 to help prepare and connect small businesses to
capital, over 60 businesses have been served, 15 of which were steered toward
entrepreneurship programs or credit repair specialists. The partners also helped
13 businesses apply for loans - three have been approved and ten are currently
pending approval. Since 2011, Mayor Emanuel has instituted a number of reforms
to help support small business growth and entrepreneurship in the City of
Chicago. In April 2013, Mayor Emanuel launched the Department of Business
Affairs and Consumer Protection's Small Business Center (SBC), to provide a
one-stop-shop for small businesses. The SBC has reduced overall wait times by
fifty percent and 25 percent of all customers are in and out of the Center
within 15 minutes. Interested businesses can visit the City's Small Business
Center online at www.cityofchicago.org/sbc. "After meeting with small business
owners in each of Chicago's 77 communities, I know first-hand that their top
priority is gaining greater access to capital," said City Treasurer Kurt
Summers. "This expansion will meet those needs while stimulating economic growth
in our neighborhoods. I am committed to working with Mayor Emanuel to help in
this process and ensure our small businesses are connected to the capital they
need to flourish." And earlier this month, Mayor Emanuel announced an expansion
of the Chicago Anchors for a Strong Economy (CASE) program to encourage
Chicago's leading institutions to support local small businesses growth in their
neighborhoods. Over the last year, the small businesses that participated in the
CASE program saw an average increase in revenue of $804,000. CASE has the
potential to drive up to $80 million in additional revenue to neighborhood small
businesses and create nearly 250 full-time and 125 part-time jobs annually. The
expansion will increase the number of committed institutions from 11 to at least
20 and double the number of small businesses helped.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 June 29, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

Life slowly improving for the women of rural Flagstaff

BYLINE: Luphert Chilwane

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 599  words


Life slowly improving for the women of rural Flagstaff

New microfinance office gives affordable loans to businesses run by women who
previously could not get finance, writes

THE rural women of Flagstaff in the Eastern Cape continue to feel the brunt of
poverty, with most still fetching water from nearby rivers, walking long
distances to collect firewood and their only means of income being government
social grants.

Flagstaff forms part of Mbizana local municipality and falls under the larger OR
Tambo district municipality.

The region is characterised mostly by rural settlements, with a population of
about 300000. Most residents live on a monthly income of below R2000.

Fifteen years after the country's first democratic elections, most of the
houses, which are built mostly of mud, remain without electricity.

The government's monthly grants of between R240 (children) and R1010 (old age)
offer some relief to women such as Nokhanya Mokuolo and Busiwe Bomela, both
single mothers raising five children each.

Margaret Jiri, a microfinance senior lecturer at the University of Venda and a
board member of Women's Development Busi- nesses (WDB), a development bank for
rural women, says women in rural areas usually feel the brunt of absolute
poverty.

She says rural women tend to have weaker land rights and when they do enjoy such
rights, their limited access to farming assets or acquiring capital from banks
makes it difficult for them to become active farmers.

She says in order to fight poverty there is a need to empower financially women
and to stimulate an entrepreneurial spirit within them.

"There is a need to provide women access to financial and nonfinancial support,
to help them grow if they are running informal businesses," Jiri says.

She says it is difficult for women to obtain finance from traditional banks
because most of them do not have a viable credit history or enough collateral
required by those banks.

The WDB, in partnership with Anglovaal Industries (AVI), launched a microfinance
office in Flagstaff this month to help local women obtain microloans for their
small businesses.

The bank was co-founded in 1991 by former first lady Zanele Mbeki, political
activists Gertrude Shope and Sally Motlana to provide affordable loans to small
rural businesses run by women.

Nomalanga Masumpa, WDB's fund development manager, says to qualify for the
microloan, women need to organise themselves into a group of five.

She says microloans of between R300 and R10000 are available to assist women who
sell anything from vegetables to chickens, so that they can expand their
businesses.

"Our portfolio risk has never been more than 2%, meaning that we have a
repayment rate of 98%," she says.

AVI, which owns Trinco Teas, has committed R1,2m to the initiative, which is
aimed at increasing household income and developing the economy of the area.

Trinco brand manager Stephanie Hoy says the Bizana region has been neglected for
many years and the new branch will assist women to become self-employed, open
savings accounts and also provide financial education for beneficiaries.

Mokuolo says the loan will help her to improve her clothing business. "I will
expand my business, and be able to feed and pay school fees for all my
children."

Bomela takes pictures with her old-fashioned camera and sells them to local
people. Most of her customers are people who need identity photos.

"My husband died in 2000 and left me behind to raise our five children. In most
cases, we depend on the government support grants. This loan will help me to
expand my business even further."

chilwanel@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

In brief for June 7, 2016

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 374 words


Philanthropy Caliber Collision launches summer food drive


Boulder-based Caliber Collision will host its fifth annual food drive to help
feed children who need meals over the summer break.

 There will be collection bins at its Boulder center from Monday June 6 through
Friday June 24.



 The local food drive is part of a national effort in which the company hopes to
collect 3.5 million meals. Food cans or cash donations can be dropped off at
5751 Arapahoe Ave. in Boulder. For more information call 303-442-2047.

 Economic Development Colorado Enterprise Fund creates $1M microloan program for
Adams County businesses



 Nonprofit lender Colorado Enterprise Fund has created a $1 million microloan
fund to expand access to capital for small business and startups in Adams
County.

 The fund was created in partnership with Adams County Economic Development,
Adams County Board of Commissioners and the North Metro Denver Small Business
Development Center. The county granted $500,000, which CEF matched with an
additional $500,000.

 Small businesses with less than $2 million in annual gross revenues are
eligible for business loans of up to $50,000. Loans can be used for working
capital, equipment and inventory purchases, property improvements, business
purchase, and commercial real estate.

 CEF has similar funding partnerships with the cities of Arvada, Boulder,
Loveland and Longmont, and with Weld County.

 Briefcase



 Computer Worx, Inc.  of Boulder has ended its Computer Troubleshooters
franchise as of June 1, 2016. Be advised that, aside from the company name,
nothing has changed.  Go to  www.computerworxit.com.

 Berg Hill Greenleaf Ruscitti LLP (BHGR) of Boulder has appointed Giovanni M.
Ruscitti as managing partner, effective June 1. Ruscitti succeeds George V.
Berg, who served as managing partner for 15 years. One of the founding partners
of the firm, Mr. Ruscitti will chair the BHGR's management committee, which
oversees day-to-day operations and long-term planning. His practice focuses on
complex commercial litigation/arbitration, planning, mergers and acquisitions,
commercial transactions, financing, securities, construction law, real estate,
and oil & gas/mining/energy. Go to  www.bhgrlaw.com.







 Staff reports

Giovanni M. Ruscitti

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Giovanni M. Ruscitti

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday

This Christmas, you can help others to help themselves

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 344 words


This year's Telegraph Christmas Charity Appeal will benefit three charities that
work with the Forces, with the women of Malawi and with severely disabled
children in this country. Once again, we ask our readers to respond generously.
The charities are:

SSAFA Forces Help, a national charity that helps current and ex-service men,
women and their families who are in need. Established in 1885 by an officer who
appealed for funds to look after the families of British soldiers in Africa, it
has been helping service people and their families to get back on their feet
from the Boer War onwards.

The MicroLoan Foundation is a London-based charity established in 1998 to
provide microfinance loans, principally to women in Malawi. The premise of
microfinance is simple: that it is better to encourage independence than
dependence. MicroLoan does this by providing small loans, basic business
training and ongoing guidance to women in central and northern Malawi, enabling
them to develop sustainable livelihoods; to feed, clothe and educate their
families, and to work their way out of poverty.

Chailey Heritage School, in Sussex, offers a full-time education and medical
support to up to 100 of the most severely physically disabled children in the
country. Set up in 1903 by Dame Grace Kimmins, a pioneer of education for the
severely disabled, Chailey is unique because it offers NHS nursing, medical and
therapeutic care alongside education, so that each child can have a learning
programme tailored to his or her needs.

Last year, Telegraph readers gave pounds 825,000 to support three charities,
each of which benefited enormously. This year, you can use Gift Aid to increase
your donation, if you are a UK taxpayer. If you tick the box on the coupon, our
charities can reclaim 28p for each pounds 1 that you give. Last year, this had
the happy effect of turning your pounds 825,000 into more than pounds 1 million
for the charities we supported.

Your support of the Christmas Appeal has been invaluable in the past 16 years
and we hope that you will help us once again.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            November 21, 2011 Monday
                              North Wales Edition

Beware Xmas loan hangover

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 607 words


IN the weeks either side of Christmas, hundreds of thousands of households are
expected to use a short term solution of 'payday loans' to keep afloat - even
though they could cause serious problems in 2012.

That is the warning from many financial advisors, as leading retailers predict
family finances will be stretched as never before by the festive celebrations.

Supermarket chain Morrison's says a third of its customers already have no
disposable income left over at the end of the month, and that's before this
winter's massive fuel bills kick in.

Against that background, it is hardly surprising more people are taking out
'payday loans' to tide themselves over until their monthly pay cheque hits their
bank account. Loans to consumers in this 'high-cost credit sector' could already
top pounds 9 billion.

Ferratum, the self-styled largest online microloan lender in Europe which
launched in Britain in July, thinks more than two million UK households already
hold 'payday' loans.

Ian Porter, Ferratum UK sales and marketing manager says: "Microloans are
probably the fastest growth area in the financial services sector. People like
the flexibility. They borrow pounds 50-pounds 300 to repay within a maximum 45
days.

Consumers are increasingly turning away from long term loans with traditional
lenders."

By limiting first timers to a maximum pounds 100 loan, Ferratum claims the risks
are carefully controlled. Customers - applying online or by a mobile - are told
upfront the full cost of their loan, with no hidden charges.

It looks easy, and sounds simple. That's the problem.

Steve Rees at debt consultant Vincent Bond says: "This is a valid service to
provide short-term loans, but we are seeing people in serious trouble with 10-12
of these short term loans, each one between pounds 300 and pounds 400. If you
walk into a high street shop with a payslip and some identification, you usually
get your money - and you can cross the road to repeat the process three or four
times. Once your debts pass pounds 2,000 or so, and you can't pay back, interest
rates become crippling."

As the current issue of Moneywise magazine explains, payday loans are a highly
controversial topic: with quoted interest rates on loans from 450% to 4,214%,
there are widespread fears that payday loans are too complex for many people to
handle.

These astronomic interest rates usually arise because they are measured over a
full year, when most payday loans last for only a few weeks.

The lobby group Consumer Focus wants tighter rules on payday loans: it suggests
limiting the number of loans or rollovers available to consumers to a maximum
five per year; tighter credit reference checks to block multiple loans and,
possibly, capping interest rates which lenders are allowed to charge.

As Moneywise magazine points out: "There are numerous ways of accessing cheaper
cash which are likely to be cheaper than payday loans. If you withdraw pounds
250 on an HSBC credit card and pay it back within 14 days, you would pay pounds
12.13 interest, whereas the same loan with Wonga.com could cost nearly pounds
41.

"Always do some research before visiting a payday loan website to see what other
sources of credit are available."

SHARE TIPS Lamprell builds and refurbishes equipment for the offshore oil
industry, with a speciality in mobile jack-up rigs, which are able to stand on
the sea floor on supporting legs.

The pounds 680 million market cap company has an order book worth 1.2 billion US
dollars (pounds 759 million), with orders going out until the second quarter of
2014.

The Sunday Telegraph says shares are a buy at 259.2p.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Be wary of taking out a payday loan in the run-up to Christmas, it
could lead to hard times in 2012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lending Talent, and Money, on a Micro Scale

BYLINE: By KATE MURPHY

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 992 words


Government agencies and international aid groups have long supported programs
that train the world's poor in how to start and run their own businesses. The
training is seen as a way to end hunger and stabilize societies.

But interest in these programs has grown lately with the wider availability of
microloans, or very small enterprise loans made to the poor. As with any
start-up, these businesses are more likely to survive, advocates say, if the
owners have basic operational skills.

''There's been a realization in the microfinance community that loan recipients
are more likely to succeed if they also receive business education,'' said Bobbi
L. Gray, research and evaluation specialist with Freedom From Hunger, a
nonprofit organization in Davis, Calif.,  that provides financial education in
developing countries.

Indeed, the nonprofit research group Innovations for Poverty Action in New
Haven, Conn., published a paper in May that found that Peruvian villagers who
had received microloans and had been randomly selected to receive business
training performed significantly better than peers who had received loans and no
financial education.

''Even those who reported having the least interest before getting the training
had higher revenues,'' said Dean Karlan, a professor of economics at Yale, a
founder of Innovations and lead author of the study.

From Botswana to Bolivia, entrepreneurship training has resulted in thriving
microenterprises -- like  soap makers, cocoa processors and handicraft exporters
-- that would not have existed otherwise. Some programs may gather villagers in
huts and use multiple baskets to demonstrate how to allocate capital. Other
programs may focus on established but struggling businesses, giving owners DVDs
that cover topics like pricing and distribution.

''A good intervention doesn't treat everyone the same,'' said Bruce McNamer,
chief executive  of TechnoServe, a  nonprofit group in Washington that  has
worked with  entrepreneurs in developing countries since 1968 to expand their
businesses and foster economic growth in their communities. ''How you help
depends on the circumstance.''

Mr. McNamer's group, which works with the United States Agency for International
Development and the  State Department, provides free business consulting
services and also sponsors business plan competitions to identify aspiring
entrepreneurs in developing countries. ''These are usually people who have
started a business but they just don't know how to get from point A to point
B,'' he said.

An example is a cooperative of 50 farmers in northern Nicaragua that four years
ago was just getting by while cultivating coffee, he said. But the cooperative,
with assistance from  TechnoServe, turned to other crops, like the starchy
staple malanga, that increased their profits. The cooperative now has 250
farmers and has opened its own packaging plant, which employs 80 people. The
plant's products are exported as far as Miami.

Teaching financial literacy and entrepreneurial skills is seen as particularly
important to the reconstruction of war-torn regions like Afghanistan and Iraq.
''It doesn't matter if you build roads if one in four kids dies by age 5''
because of illness or malnutrition, said Ross Paterson, a self-described
business coach and retired Army officer in Keller, Tex.

He has been to Afghanistan 10 times in the last seven years to teach
entrepreneurship. It is more important, he said, to give Afghans the ability to
build businesses that will provide the income to sustain them.

Occasionally fearing for his safety because of the continued Afghan fighting,
Mr. Paterson says he primarily teaches leadership skills by helping the local
residents to recognize and successfully work with different personality types,
whether colleagues or customers.

While Mr. Paterson's courses last only a few weeks and are limited to those who
speak fluent English, other organizations emphasize the importance of finding
and training local people to teach business fundamentals.

''You need people who are going to be there for the long term and who know what
really works on the ground,'' said Fiona Macaulay, founder and president of
Making Cents International, a 10-year-old nonprofit organization in Washington
that creates entrepreneurship courses for the disadvantaged and trains the
people who teach them.

Continuing mentorship and support are crucial to helping entrepreneurs succeed,
Ms. Macaulay said. Her organization also offers networking opportunities for its
students. ''At a business fair in Jordan, for example, we were able to connect a
woman who made cakes with a woman who made boxes to transport the cakes,'' Ms.
Macaulay said.

Many of those who teach entrepreneurship in remote and impoverished areas say
the biggest hurdle is persuading students to believe that there are
opportunities beyond, say, selling fruits or trinkets in an open-air market.

''I'd say getting them to identify new approaches and opportunities is the
hardest part,'' said Harsh Bhargava, a business consultant in McLean, Va., who
with his wife, Aruna Bhargava, a sociology professor at Rutgers, started the
nonprofit group I Create in 1997 to teach entrepreneurship in India, their
native country.

He says many people I Create  works with are so downtrodden they cannot envision
another way of life. He discussed an Indian woman who was so abused by her
husband and in-laws that she lacked the confidence even to look anyone in the
face. After a local I Create trainer persuaded her to take an entrepreneurship
course, she left her husband and started a grocery store.

Moreover, she successfully sued her husband and in-laws for the return of her
dowry and for child support for her son. ''She's now studying to become a lawyer
and hopes to work to protect women against dowry-related crimes,''  Mr. Bhargava
said. ''It's these kinds of stories that make what we do so gratifying.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A meeting in India led by the nonprofit organization Freedom
From Hunger, which provides financial education in poor nations.(PHOTOGRAPH BY
MEDIA 7 FOR FREEDOM FROM HUNGER)
 Fred Phillips, right, a business adviser with TechnoServe, helping Susana Nsiah
and Yaw Dankwa on a cocoa farm in Ghana. Since 1968, TechnoServe has helped
small businesses worldwide.(PHOTOGRAPH BY TECHNOSERVE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BUDGET CUTS TARGET SMALL BUSINESS SUPPORT

BYLINE: Catherine Dodge, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E-2

LENGTH: 701 words


Colorado entrepreneur Susan Brown has the kind of success story that President
Bush likes to tout when he talks about the importance of small businesses to the
U.S. economy.

Ms. Brown "turned over every rock on the planet" looking for money to finance
the business she started in 1990 outside Denver to manufacture baby pillows.
After several banks turned her down, she got $40,000 and business counseling
through the Small Business Administration's Microloan program. Her Boppy Co. now
has $20 million in annual sales and 24 employees.

"Without the Microloan, there is absolutely no way I would be here," said Ms.
Brown, 51.

Now Mr. Bush wants to eliminate the program, and cut similar ones, to help
narrow a federal budget deficit projected at $423 billion this year. His
proposals hit at a constituency that is his natural ally on many of his other
initiatives, such as cutting health-care costs and pruning government
regulations -- and is the source of 70 percent of new jobs created in the United
States.

"Everyone is saying small business is the engine of the economy, but we're not
putting any gas in the tank," said Donald Wilson, president of the Association
of Small Business Development Centers in Arlington, Va.

The president's budget proposal seeks to cut the government-funded centers that
Mr. Wilson represents. Some of the centers -- which provide counseling on
business plans, marketing and international trade to entrepreneurs -- already
are being forced to close or cut hours because of previous cuts, Mr. Wilson
said.

In addition, the government is raising loan fees for the SBA's main financing
program, which made 89,912 loans totaling about $14 billion last year, up from
37,528 worth $8.6 billion in 2001.

To illustrate the importance of counseling programs, Mr. Wilson cited a study
done at Mississippi State University in Starkville showing that businesses
receiving at least five hours of counseling generated almost 75,000 jobs in
2004.

"We're puzzled because the president has made a major part of his economic
program an ownership society," Mr. Wilson said.

The number of SBA employees has declined by almost 25 percent since 2001 to
about 2,135, according to agency figures.

Marilyn Landis, treasurer of the Washington-based National Small Business
Association and president of Basic Business Concepts Inc., a Pittsburgh company
that provides financial consulting, said the staff at her local SBA office had
been cut by more than half.

"I've got customers who have got great plans to expand, and it's difficult for
them to find funding" because there are fewer resources to help business owners
and lenders work their way through SBA programs, she said.

The SBA cuts are part of the president's broader attempt to trim discretionary
spending outside defense and homeland security by 0.5 percent from current
levels in his $2.77 trillion fiscal 2007 budget plan. Since Mr. Bush took office
in 2001, the SBA budget, excluding disaster programs, has declined 41 percent to
a proposed $425 million in 2007 from $715 million.

SBA spokesman Mike Stamler said the budget figures were misleading because the
2001 figure included $115 million for a loan program that now pays for itself
through fees on lenders and borrowers and a one-time appropriation of $52
million for a venture capital fund.

The administration and its allies also say that small businesses are getting
more help by way of tax cuts and Mr. Bush's efforts to trim health-care costs
and open markets abroad.

The tax cuts that the president pushed through Congress in his first term will
be worth about $93 billion to about 25 million small-business owners this year,
White House Office of Management and Budget spokesman Scott Milburn said.

The National Federation of Independent Business' 600,000 members haven't raised
concerns about the shrinking SBA budget, spokesman Michael Donohue said.

Rising health-care costs, taxes and regulatory burdens are their top concerns,
he said.

Members of Congress are raising objections. The Senate rejected some cuts that
Mr. Bush proposed and added $130 million to the agency's budget last month. The
final amount won't be decided until lawmakers approve appropriations measures
later this year.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            January 8, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Nobel winner faces funds investigation

BYLINE: Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; World Digest; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


Nobel Prize winner Mohammad Yunus, the Bangladeshi banker acclaimed for lifting
women out of poverty through "microloans," is facing a government investigation
over claims his bank diverted aid funds.

The inquiries follow claims in a television documentary last year that it had
re-routed aid money from the Norwegian government to avoid paying tax.

The allegations have been seized upon by the country's prime minister, Sheikh
Hasina, and her finance minister has announced Yunus and his Grameen Bank will
now face an investigation.

Yunus and Grameen Bank were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for giving
more than $6.5 billion in "microloans" to more than eight million people, 97 per
cent of them women.

But critics say its interest rates of around 20 per cent are too high, and that
the pressure of weekly repayments forces some borrowers further into debt with
loan sharks.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                         May 2, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

U.S. Small Business Administration: Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi to Speak at
National Small Business Week Event in San Francisco

LENGTH: 286  words


May 2 -- U.S. Small Business Administration Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet
will kick off National Small Business Week 2014 with opening remarks at Twitter
Headquarters in San Francisco, Monday, May 12. House Democratic Leader Nancy
Pelosi will be a featured speaker during the event.



Twitter is one of SBA's co-sponsors of National Small Business Week. The morning
session will include welcome remarks from Adam Bain, President of Global
Revenue, Twitter, and San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee. The keynote speaker will be
Premal Shah, president of Kiva.org. Shah will discuss how Kiva.org, a nonprofit
that has crowdfunded microloans to 1.3 million small business entrepreneurs in
40 U.S. states and 75 countries is working in the U.S. to offer 0% interest
microloans to financially excluded entrepreneurs who are starting small
businesses to create jobs and advance social good.

A discussion on "Growing Your Business in the Digital Age" will include
panelists from SCORE, Sightglass Coffee, and tenXer.

Vivienne Harr, a 10-year-old Bay Area girl who started 'Make A Stand' Lemonade
will give closing remarks. Harr has raised more than $100,000 to go toward
helping end child slavery. Her lemonade is now bottled and being sold in retail
stores.

Every year since 1963, the U.S. Small Business Administration takes the
opportunity to highlight through National Small Business Week the impact of
outstanding entrepreneurs, small business owners, and others from all 50 states
and U.S territories. This year, May 12-16, in addition to other SBA regional and
local small business week events being held-San Francisco, along with Kansas
City, Boston and Washington, D.C. were selected to host one of the four national
events.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

The Truth About SBA Loans

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: San Bruno


AllBusiness experts has issued the following press release:

When you're a small business looking for funding, you'll find one of the first
places people recommend you go is the Small Business Administration. The SBA has
a variety of loan programs available, and given their consistent support of Main
Street, it's easy to see why you would choose this as a starting point. However,
you might be surprised to learn that the SBA doesn't make direct loans. Instead,
it provides loan guarantees to businesses, promising banks to pay back a certain
percentage of a loan if the borrower is unable to. Sadly, that's a clarification
often not made. So, if you're pursuing this as an option, it's important you
learn the truth about SBA loans.
The Most Popular Types of SBA Loans

The SBA offers many different loan programs, unique to small businesses and the
varying obstacles they face. They have loans for export assistance, disaster
recovery, veteran and military communities, CAPlines (to help with a short-term
need), businesses that are working to control pollution, and businesses working
in areas affected by NAFTA. Talk about choices! However, three of the most
popular SBA loan programs are focused more on generally helping businesses to
start and expand.

7(a) Loan: 7(a) loans can help both new and existing small businesses get
financing, and is by far the most popular and most used in the SBA loan program.
A huge plus about the 7(a) loan is that it can be used for more general
purposes, such as working capital, purchasing or renovating land or buildings,
equipment, furnishings, debt refinancing, and more.

Microloan: The microloan program offers much smaller loans to help businesses
startup and expand. These loans can be used for working capital, supplies,
furnishings, inventory, or equipment. The process starts by the SBA making funds
available to specific nonprofit organizations with experience in lending and
technical assistance. Those organizations, in turn, are then able to make loans
up to $50,000.

CDC/504 Loan: For growing businesses, the CDC/504 loan program provides
long-term, fixed-rate financing for major assets, such as buildings, land, or
long-term machinery. These loans cannot be used for working capital or
inventory. The maximum amount of a CDC/504 Loan is $5 million.
Are You Eligible for a SBA Loan?

SBA loan program eligibility varies depending on which program you'd like to
pursue, but there are some basic eligibility requirements that apply across the
board. First, you must do business in the United States and you must be a
for-profit. You must also have a reasonable amount of owner equity to invest and
have used alternative resources to finance your business, such as personal
assets. If you are uncertain if you qualify, you can learn about eligibility and
special considerations here.
Preparing for the SBA Loan Application

When prepping your loan application, contact the lender you are working with to
learn about their specific requirements. However, generally speaking, this is
what you most likely will be asked to submit:

1. Cover Letter. Be prepared to draft a letter that briefly summarizes the
documents to be included in the application. You'll want to include information
on who you are, what your business is, why you need a loan, how much you hope to
borrow, and how you plan to repay it.

2. Resumes. Include resumes for owners and senior management.

3. Business Description. Clearly describe what your business does, where you are
located, and how long you have been in business. Include important details such
as annual sales, number of employees, and any future projections you might have.
Describe who your customers, suppliers, and competitors are.

4. SBA Form 4. This form describes how the loan will be used.

5. SBA Form 4-a. This form allows you to list property and other assets to be
held as collateral.

6. SBA Form 413. Financial statements for anyone owning more than 20 percent of
the business must be included. The statement must list all personal assets,
liabilities, and monthly payments. Prepare to also submit federal income tax
returns for the past 3 years.

7. Loan Repayment. Quickly state how the loan will be repaid. Be sure to
indicate where the money will come from and how long you will need to repay.
Budgets, cash flow charts, and other relevant information should be included.

8. Business Financial Statements. Provide complete financial statements for the
last three years of business. This includes income statements, balance sheets,
and more. Also include the aging of both your accounts payable and accounts
receivable. If you are a new business, provide your financial projections, such
as a projected income statement and balance sheet.

9. Financial Projections. Put together a "future balance sheet" that shows both
the sources and uses of the borrowed funds and current equity. Provide a
financial projection, in profit and loss format, for either the next year, or
until your business can reach positive cash flow. It's important to include both
earnings and expenses, and to thoroughly explain how you came to these estimated
figures.

10. Other Items. As mentioned above, each lender is different. Don't be
surprised if a lender needs a variety of other documents, such as your lease,
copies of licenses, letters of reference, partnership agreements, and much more.

For more information please visit: http://www.allbusiness.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

The Truth About SBA Loans

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: San Bruno


AllBusiness experts has issued the following press release:

When you're a small business looking for funding, you'll find one of the first
places people recommend you go is the Small Business Administration. The SBA has
a variety of loan programs available, and given their consistent support of Main
Street, it's easy to see why you would choose this as a starting point. However,
you might be surprised to learn that the SBA doesn't make direct loans. Instead,
it provides loan guarantees to businesses, promising banks to pay back a certain
percentage of a loan if the borrower is unable to. Sadly, that's a clarification
often not made. So, if you're pursuing this as an option, it's important you
learn the truth about SBA loans.
The Most Popular Types of SBA Loans

The SBA offers many different loan programs, unique to small businesses and the
varying obstacles they face. They have loans for export assistance, disaster
recovery, veteran and military communities, CAPlines (to help with a short-term
need), businesses that are working to control pollution, and businesses working
in areas affected by NAFTA. Talk about choices! However, three of the most
popular SBA loan programs are focused more on generally helping businesses to
start and expand.

7(a) Loan: 7(a) loans can help both new and existing small businesses get
financing, and is by far the most popular and most used in the SBA loan program.
A huge plus about the 7(a) loan is that it can be used for more general
purposes, such as working capital, purchasing or renovating land or buildings,
equipment, furnishings, debt refinancing, and more.

Microloan: The microloan program offers much smaller loans to help businesses
startup and expand. These loans can be used for working capital, supplies,
furnishings, inventory, or equipment. The process starts by the SBA making funds
available to specific nonprofit organizations with experience in lending and
technical assistance. Those organizations, in turn, are then able to make loans
up to $50,000.

CDC/504 Loan: For growing businesses, the CDC/504 loan program provides
long-term, fixed-rate financing for major assets, such as buildings, land, or
long-term machinery. These loans cannot be used for working capital or
inventory. The maximum amount of a CDC/504 Loan is $5 million.
Are You Eligible for a SBA Loan?

SBA loan program eligibility varies depending on which program you'd like to
pursue, but there are some basic eligibility requirements that apply across the
board. First, you must do business in the United States and you must be a
for-profit. You must also have a reasonable amount of owner equity to invest and
have used alternative resources to finance your business, such as personal
assets. If you are uncertain if you qualify, you can learn about eligibility and
special considerations here.
Preparing for the SBA Loan Application

When prepping your loan application, contact the lender you are working with to
learn about their specific requirements. However, generally speaking, this is
what you most likely will be asked to submit:

1. Cover Letter. Be prepared to draft a letter that briefly summarizes the
documents to be included in the application. You'll want to include information
on who you are, what your business is, why you need a loan, how much you hope to
borrow, and how you plan to repay it.

2. Resumes. Include resumes for owners and senior management.

3. Business Description. Clearly describe what your business does, where you are
located, and how long you have been in business. Include important details such
as annual sales, number of employees, and any future projections you might have.
Describe who your customers, suppliers, and competitors are.

4. SBA Form 4. This form describes how the loan will be used.

5. SBA Form 4-a. This form allows you to list property and other assets to be
held as collateral.

6. SBA Form 413. Financial statements for anyone owning more than 20 percent of
the business must be included. The statement must list all personal assets,
liabilities, and monthly payments. Prepare to also submit federal income tax
returns for the past 3 years.

7. Loan Repayment. Quickly state how the loan will be repaid. Be sure to
indicate where the money will come from and how long you will need to repay.
Budgets, cash flow charts, and other relevant information should be included.

8. Business Financial Statements. Provide complete financial statements for the
last three years of business. This includes income statements, balance sheets,
and more. Also include the aging of both your accounts payable and accounts
receivable. If you are a new business, provide your financial projections, such
as a projected income statement and balance sheet.

9. Financial Projections. Put together a "future balance sheet" that shows both
the sources and uses of the borrowed funds and current equity. Provide a
financial projection, in profit and loss format, for either the next year, or
until your business can reach positive cash flow. It's important to include both
earnings and expenses, and to thoroughly explain how you came to these estimated
figures.

10. Other Items. As mentioned above, each lender is different. Don't be
surprised if a lender needs a variety of other documents, such as your lease,
copies of licenses, letters of reference, partnership agreements, and much more.

For more information please visit: http://www.allbusiness.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              June 20, 2008 Friday

Leprosy colony: Art defies stigma

BYLINE: Elaine Jarvik Deseret News

LENGTH: 547 words


Leprosy is caused by a microbacterium, not by the wrath of God. Still, in India
people with leprosy are stigmatized, stuck at the bottom of a caste system that
technically no longer exists. Even their shadows are considered cursed, says
Becky Douglas.

Douglas, who grew up in Salt Lake City, is the founder of a nonprofit called
Rising Star Outreach, which provides microloans, mobile health clinics and
schools for 20,000 people in 45 leprosy colonies in India. The success of the
microloans can best be summed up by the story Douglas told the Deseret News last
year: A man whose leprosy left him with two stumps for arms was a beggar in a
nearby village; then he took out a $30 loan so he could buy a teapot and two
cups -- and turned that into a small business selling tea to a shop whose owner
once shooed him away.

Despite successes like these, a certain population of the leprosy colonies still
languishes. "It's like they're waiting to die," says Douglas about the colonies'
elderly, who are the most ignored of the world's most shunned people.

But now there has been some success on that front, too. The results will be on
display beginning today and running through July 11 at Art Access Gallery, 230
S. 500 West. The exhibit of paintings is called "The Bindu Art School: Triumph
of the Human Spirit."

The Bindu Art School was launched in 2005 in the Bharatapuram leprosy colony in
southern India. It was started by Austrian artist Werner Dornik and Rising Star
Outreach director Pema Venkataraman, an activist who first brought the concept
of microlending to the leprosy colonies.

Some of the elderly residents of the colony were so disfigured that their hands
looked like claws, Douglas says, and their limbs were so numb they didn't notice
when rats gnawed at them. Dornik taped paintbrushes to their fists and started
them out with just two colors of paints, black and blue. The combination of the
paints and the general mood of the painters resulted at first in art that was
dark and depressing.

"But as the patients began to change, the art became more whimsical, more
joyous," Douglas says. Instead of not even talking to each other, she says, they
now laugh and play games. They've also stopped asking for so many pain pills,
she says.

The 27 painters have had their work shown in fancy galleries from Chennai to
Vienna to Washington, D.C. One of the four painters who made the trip to Vienna
told an interviewer that he had received so much love and respect there that he
almost forgot he had leprosy -- a statement that thrilled Douglas. "In India,"
she says, "leprosy is the entire sum of who they are."

One hundred percent of the sales of the paintings at Art Access' Bindu exhibit
will go to the artists and the project: one-third to the art school, one-third
to the artists (divided equally among all 27), and one-third to start art
schools in the other leprosy colonies.

Inspired by what Douglas calls the "life-changing" nature of the school, Rising
Star Outreach is now also starting a photography school and a dance school
headed by Broadway dancer Shaun Parry. The goal of the schools is to give the
residents a way to express themselves. The goal of Rising Star Outreach, Douglas
says, "is to end leprosy in this generation in India." E-mail:
jarvik@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Microloans aimed at small-business startups

BYLINE: Reed Fujii, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Aug. 13--STOCKTON -- Stockton Impact Corps, a new nonprofit microfinance agency,
seeks startup businesses that could use $1,000 to $5,000 in cash to boost their
revenues but may lack the credit or financial history to secure a conventional
bank loan.

A poor credit score or the lack of financial documentation may compel
small-business startups to turn to payday lending or other high-cost and risky
financing, said Mark Crockett, corps executive director.

His program looks instead at other evidence of a person's ability to repay the
debt.

"What we say is they are character loans," Crockett said.

Loan seekers are also required to take a series of workshops to address the
financing issues, repair a credit score, establish proper bookkeeping and build
a financial track record.

"The goal is really to work hand-in-hand to figure out the best financing
relationship with the businesses we work with," he said.

Micah Runner, economic development director for the city of Stockton, applauded
the Stockton Impact Corps program.

"For those who need smaller amounts of seed money, this is really the
opportunity to get the money they need, but also to get the technical assistance
they need along with it," he said.

And the learning experience is really vital, Runner stressed.

"It's less about the $1,000 or $1,500 they get than the education and the
understanding of the process to get to the next level," he said.

Repaying the loan, building business documentation and simply going through the
process should enable small-business owners to seek standard commercial loans in
the future.

Stockton has its own microfinance program, but aimed at borrowers with larger
needs, offering loans of up to $30,000 and with terms of up to five years.

Stockton Impact Corps stretches payments over six to 18 months.

Runner said the city's loan program also has an educational component, with
borrowers asked to consult with the Small Business Development Center, but the
programs are aimed at different types of borrowers.

"It's important to have a really diverse set of opportunities," Runner said.
"It's great when the community steps up and does it."

Crockett said Stockton Impact Corps is aimed at businesses in operation, perhaps
less than a year, but ones that have generated some revenue. A small loan -- for
building repairs, to purchase equipment or inventory, provide working capital,
or cover licensing and registration fees -- would help boost sales.

It relies on college student interns and community volunteers to work with loan
applicants; seeks community donations and grants to underwrite its loans; and
taps Farmers & Merchants Bank to disperse funds and collect repayments.

Joseph Johnson, financial and leadership consultant and former chief executive
of Union Safe Deposit Bank (now part of Bank of the West), is chairman of its
board. Laura Strombom, tax adviser and owner of All About Numbers, is board
treasurer and secretary.

To learn more about Stockton Impact Corps, call (209) 471-1855 or visit its
website stocktonimpactcorps.com.

For Stockton's microloan program, call the Economic Development Department at
(209) 937-8539 or visit the city's website, stocktongov.com, click on Economic
Development and look for Financial Assistance.

-- Contact reporter Reed Fujii at (209) 546-8253 or rfujii@recordnet.com Follow
him on Twitter @ReedBiznews.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150813-SK-Microloans-aimed-at-small-business-startups-0813-20150813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Namoi Valley Independent

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Angela's crossroads

LENGTH: 351 words


When Angela McCormack left her hometown of Gunnedah for the island of Tonga, she
did not expect to return with a question mark over her future.

A NSW Government employee for 20 years, Mc McCormack had just turned 50 when she
embarked on the six-day Xplore Leadership Immersion Trip in September with 12
career women.

The trip was organised by Xplore for Success in partnership with Good Return, an
initiative of World Education Australia which seeks to break the poverty cycle
by building financial and educational infrastructure and building partnerships
in countries including Tonga, Philippines and Cambodia.

As part of the immersion, Ms McCormack and her group spent time with the Tongan
people, eating traditional food and learning about the ways Good Return had
helped people with microloans to start, grow and maintain businesses, in
partnership with South Pacific Business Development .

"It is giving the community the decision-making power," Ms McCormack said.

"You can see how these microloans are helping.

"They're improving their lifestyle over time."

The positive impact made by Good Return, coupled with one-on-one leadership
sessions, caused Ms McCormack to think about how she could help others and what
that meant for her future.

"It just opens up ideas and doors," she said.

"I'm really questioning whether I want to stay where I am. Am I doing something
because I'm passionate about it or am I doing it because it's something I can
do? Am I being authentic?

"I'm at a crossroads."

Ms McCormack said she had lived in Gunnedah since the age of eight and wanted to
show her three daughters that they can get out and do different things and "be
brave".

"Doing these these sorts of things is quite a step [for me]," she said.

"I'm definitely looking at other opportunities to give back.

"I think I've got great skills and gifts to share with others."

Ms McCormack said she had a lot of long service leave up her sleeve and was
considering writing a book that explored the "amazing stories of country
people".

"There are a few different ideas milling around in my head, and it's being brave
to do that," she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Milwaukee County budget adds money for DBEs

BYLINE: Beth Kevit

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 146  words


The Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors is attempting to bolster a microloan
fund for disadvantaged business enterprises through the proposed 2014 budget.

According to an amendment, which the board passed 17-1 Tuesday, the county's
Office of Community Business Development Partners is directed to find a public
or private company or financial institution to manage the fund and secure a
matching contribution of at least $25,000 before March 1.

The amendment directs the CBDP to maintain the county's revolving loan fund and
to apply for supporting grants. The amendment also directs the CBDP to develop
and implement an outreach program to educate disadvantaged and small business
enterprises about the microloan and revolving loan funds.

http://www.dailyreporter.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 16, 2008 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Women Rise in Rwanda's Economic Revival

BYLINE: Anthony Faiola; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2279 words

DATELINE: MARABA, Rwanda


Sun-kissed plantations ring this village, renowned in recent years for growing
the rich arabica beans brewed and served in some of the world's finest coffee
houses. But the secret to success here has had far less to do with the idyllic
climate and volcanic soil than with a group of people who have emerged as
Maraba's -- and Rwanda's -- most potent economic force: women.

In the 14 years since the genocide, when 800,000 people died during three months
of violence, this country has become perhaps the world's leading example of how
empowering women can fundamentally transform post-conflict economies and fight
the cycle of poverty. That is particularly clear here in Maraba, a southern
village where a host of women -- largely relegated to backbreaking field work in
the days before the genocide -- found unwanted opportunity in the fertile lands
they would inherit from slaughtered husbands, fathers and brothers.

As both female and male survivors sought to rebuild coffee plantations with
financial and technical assistance from international organizations, Maraba's
women, most trying their hands at the business of farming for the first time,
were by far the faster students. They showed more willingness than men,
officials here said, to embrace new techniques aimed at improving quality and
profit. Now, Maraba's female farmers are outdoing their male counterparts in
both, numbering about half of all farmers in the village's coffee cooperative
but producing 90 percent of its finest quality beans for export.

The march of female entrepreneurialism, playing out here and across Rwanda in
industries from agribusiness to tourism, has proved to be a windfall for efforts
to rebuild the nation and fight poverty. Women more than men invest profits in
the family, renovate homes, improve nutrition, increase savings rates and spend
on children's education, officials here said.

It speaks to a seismic shift in gender economics in Rwanda's post-genocide
society, one that is altering the way younger generations of males view their
mothers and sisters while offering a powerful lesson for other developing
nations struggling to rebuild from the ashes of conflict.

"Rwanda's economy has risen up from the genocide and prospered greatly on the
backs of our women," said Agnes Matilda Kalibata, minister of state in charge of
agriculture. "Bringing women out of the home and fields has been essential to
our rebuilding. In that process, Rwanda has changed forever. . . . We are
becoming a nation that understands that there are huge financial benefits to
equality."

Where Men Failed

In the central highlands town of Masaka, the road to female prosperity runs
through a path of male shame.

The main drag -- a red earthen way -- winds through a number of tiny mud huts,
passing first by the home of Ildiphonse Muhayimana, a builder whose yet-to-be
installed iron roofing was seized by village elders this year not long after he
defaulted on a $110 bank loan. "He spent the money on women and liquor," said
his loan officer, Abed Muhawenimana. Further down the way, teacher Enock Muvunji
met a similar fate, his bike seized last month until he repays a $277 loan.

Yet venture up the road, and you reach the door of Jeanine Mukandayisenga. The
29-year-old wife of a disabled army officer and mother of two took out a $50
microloan in 2005 with a plan to support her family. Her pitch: Few people in
her neighborhood owned cellphones -- so she would buy one and charge a few cents
per call. She paid back the loan within a year. Last year, she took out a $400
loan to open a graining mill for cassava flour. Her businesses are earning the
family a relatively princely sum of $650 a month.

Officials at Vision Finance, the microloan arm of World Vision International
that launched a program in 2005 in this town of 40,000, said that while women
make up the majority of borrowers, four out of five defaulters are men.

"They say that women care more about the family, but I do not know if that is
true," Mukandayisenga said. "I think it has more to do with the self-control
woman show in hard times. We know how to survive when men despair."

Wise Investors

Perhaps it should come as no surprise that women have been key in reconstructing
Rwanda. In the effort to finance the reduction of poverty in the developing
world, many leading experts said that women simply make better investments.

The evidence has been building for years. In 1990, a major study on poverty in
Brazil published in the Journal of Human Resources showed that the effect of
money managed by women in poor households was 20 times more likely to be spent
on improving conditions in the home than money managed by men.

In Bangladesh, the Grameen Bank founded by 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner
Muhammad Yunus has focused its poverty-busting microloans on women, with success
rates far higher for female than for male borrowers. Microloan programs in
Africa, Asia and Latin America have shown similar results.

In India's great economic transformation of the past 15 years, states that have
the highest percentage of women in the labor force have grown the fastest as
well as had the largest reductions in poverty, according to the World Bank.

"We have overwhelming evidence from almost all the developing regions of the
world that [investment in] women make better economics," said Winnie Byanyima,
director of the United Nations Development Program's gender team.

Born of Tragedy

For the worst of reasons, Rwanda became a testing ground for such theories after
the 1994 genocide.

The slaughter of ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus by Hutu militias, and the
ensuing retributions, left Rwanda with a population that was 60 percent female
and 40 percent male by the time the dead were buried. With thousands more men
jailed for war crimes or living as refugees in neighboring Congo, women, at
first by default, took on roles in business and politics. Although women had
long enjoyed a relatively higher social status in Rwanda than in some other
African nations, women here still had weak property rights, and female
entrepreneurs were rare.

That would change rapidly -- particularly in agriculture, where many women were
forced to take over farms. They found an ally in the barrage of foreign
organizations that rushed into Rwanda following the genocide, with much of their
focus aimed at training women.

As important was an acceptance at the highest levels of government that women
would need new legal status to help rebuild the nation. By 1999, reforms were
passed enabling women to inherit property -- something that would prove vitally
important to female farmers. At the same time, woman began rising to higher
ranks of political power. Today women hold about 48 percent of the seats in
Rwanda's parliament, the highest percentage in the world. They also account for
36 percent of President Paul Kagame's cabinet, holding the top jobs in the
ministries of commerce, agriculture, infrastructure, foreign affairs and
information.

Success in economics mirrored the rise of women in politics. Today, 41 percent
of Rwandan businesses are owned by women -- compared for instance with 18
percent in Congo. Rwanda has the second-highest ratio of female entrepreneurs in
Africa, behind Ghana with 44 percent, according to the World Bank.

At the same time, Rwanda has engineered a surprisingly fast economic recovery.
After falling into devastation in 1994, with many farms and businesses
abandoned, damaged or destroyed, Rwanda's economy has since tripled in size and
has grown at an average rate of 6 percent since 2004. Though the population is
balancing out -- women edge men by a rate of 52 to 48 -- women make up 55
percent of the workforce, according to Commerce Minister Monique Nsanzabaganwa.

The ranks of female entrepreneurs were aided in part by returnees, largely from
Uganda and the United States. Joy Ndungutse, 51, returned in the 1990s after
working for years as a secretary in Washington. "We came back to a country
destroyed," said Ndungutse, who since her return has built the largest
nonagricultural export business in Rwanda. Her firm sells finely woven baskets
to Macy's. Like many exporters here, she has been greatly aided by a trade
agreement that allows her exports to enter the United States duty-free.

"Women are being given an opportunity in this country to change their status,"
she said, "and they are taking it."

From Survival to Success

 For most women here, success in business was the unforeseen byproduct of their
fight for survival in the face of unspeakable loss.

In the madness of the genocide, when ethnic hatreds boiled over into mass
violence, Jeanette Nyirabaganwa, a minority Tutsi, escaped with her family,
fleeing their home in Maraba where her family had cultivated coffee for years.
They joined dozens of others who sought refuge in a schoolyard. When Hutu
soldiers came, joined by some of her Hutu neighbors, they entered the yard
firing machine guns, using machetes to hack those who remained alive. She
watched as her husband was killed by bullets, her infant son and 2-year-old
daughter hacked to death by blades. She survived by pretending to be dead.

"After two days I woke up," Nyirabaganwa, 39, said. "Birds were eating my dead
children. This was too much for me. I wanted to be killed . . . I felt as if I
was dead, too. I did not want to go on."

But she did. When the violence passed, and a Tutsi-dominated administration came
to power, she returned to the jade hills of Maraba to take charge of four
orphaned nephews and nieces. For the first few years, they survived with U.N.
assistance. By the late 1990s, she had begun to visit her husband's old coffee
plantation and her father's coffee farm, both of which had reverted to her after
they died.

The farms were in disrepair, but she began her business by picking a few ripe
beans off the trees and selling them to traders in town. "I knew nothing about
growing or business," she said. "My job was to pick weeds between the coffee
plants; women did not get involved in money or business. It was not done."

Like many women, she joined a coffee cooperative organized with the help of
international nonprofit organizations and aid agencies in 1999. By 2001, USAID
was offering extensive training to farmers. Rather than emphasize quantity, as
farmers had for generations here, a new push was made to improve quality and
prices by growing less but better coffee and using fertilizers.

Coffee-washing stations were established to impose strict quality control,
sorting beans by grades and disposing of the poorest crops. Tasting laboratories
-- staffed largely by women, who scientists say have more taste buds than men --
added to the quality. The best of CafÃ© de Maraba's production has become hugely
popular among fair-trade coffee distributors in the United States and Europe,
with exports growing from 20 tons in 2002 to an estimated 80 tons in 2008.

Theophile Biziyaremye, CafÃ© de Maraba executive director, said that male coffee
growers in the cooperative have been too set in their ways. "They keep saying,
'We've done it our way all our lives, our fathers and grandfathers have done it
this way, so why should I change and use your way to grow coffee now?' " he
said. "The women are different. They have not done it before, so they are
adapting and growing the better-quality coffee. That also means they are making
more money than the men."

Nyirabaganwa is proof. Now employing eight laborers, she is growing three times
as much coffee as her father and husband did. They sold their poorer-quality
beans for local consumption. Her finer grade is largely for export, roasted
overseas and sold in coffee shops and specialty stores in cities including
London, New York, Chicago and New Orleans.

"I'm proud of this," Nyirabaganwa said. "I would never have thought I would be
in a situation like this. I never thought I could come back."

Her total family income is roughly five times what it was then, income she has
used to improve family life. Two years ago, she renovated the family home, still
a modest space of plain cement walls, to make it more sturdy. She bought
cellular phones for her four charges, all of whom see their aunt as a role
model.

"I think that now, boys and girls are different than they were," said Eric
Muhire, a junior in high school. "Today, woman are in business; before, if a
woman had some money, she would have to give it to the man. They could not
compete against a man. But now, they are competing and doing better."

Perhaps more important for Nyirabaganwa, a woman who was only educated through
primary school, is that Donatelia Mukampe Ta, 18 and her oldest female charge,
is set to graduate from high school this year. Nyirabaganwa has promised to pay
for her higher education in the capital, Kigali, where Ta hopes to become an
accountant.

By Western standards, women still have a long way to go in Rwanda. Many of the
women in Maraba who have husbands are culturally expected to ask their
permission before engaging in any form of business. But some of these women who
have inherited land from genocide victims have been able to use income from
farming or renting that land to gain a measure of financial independence.

When Gemina Mukashyaka, 30, who cleans the coffee-tasting laboratory in Maraba,
insisted that she pay for the schooling of her younger sister after their
parents were killed in the genocide, her husband balked. She ignored his
protests, paying with money she gained from leasing the land she inherited from
her parents.

"My husband is not happy about my paying for my sister, but it is my money," she
said. "The law in Rwanda now says that woman have that right. I will not let him
stop me."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Travis Fox -- Washingtonpost.com
IMAGE; Photos By Travis Fox -- Washingtonpost.com; Mukashyaka, seated, runs one
of the largest coffee companies in Rwanda, which she built from nothing after
the genocide.
IMAGE; Epiphanie Mukashyaka, right, sorts beans with some of her 128 employees.
Buying beans from small farmers, her business exports more than $1 million worth
of coffee each year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Newcomers can tap into new loans; Program to recognize work skills

BYLINE: Scott Larson, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 732  words


Babar Sultan listened intently to the announcement that he might be eligible to
receive up to a $10,000 microloan to help pay for the costs associated with
obtaining Canadian accreditation for his accounting skills.

"After getting my credentials recognized and getting my licence, I can jump into
my field," said Sultan, who recently arrived in Saskatoon from Pakistan.

On Wednesday, the federal government announced that Immigrant Access Fund (IAF)
of Saskatchewan will receive $1.7 million dollars to fund microloans given to
internationally trained professionals to help finance the costs of having their
credentials recognized in Canada. IAF also received $450,000 through a multiyear
agreement with the Government of Saskatchewan and $100,000 from the Morris
Foundation.

Sultan graduated from a two-year commerce program followed by a two-year
master's degree majoring in finance back in his native country. He needs to get
those qualifications accredited before spending another two years at the Edwards
School of Business.

"When you are looking to get your credentials recognized, you feel anything you
have to pay is out of your pocket and that may not be successful," he said.
"(The loan) can be the source of my inspiration to get into the field of my
choice."

The IAF lends to skilled immigrants who cannot access suitable mainstream credit
because they lack a credit history in Canada, have no collateral and/or have low
incomes. Skilled immigrants may borrow up to $10,000 to pay for costs of
accreditation or training such as exam fees, tuition for short-term training,
books and course materials, professional association fees, living allowance
while studying or other related expenses.

Loan recipients pay interest only while going through their accreditation
process, to a maximum of two years, and then principal and interest for two
years until the loan is paid back

The IAF funding is part of the Foreign Credential Recognition Program that will
see $18 million invested in projects across the country over the next three
years.

"Too many Canadians with international training are doing jobs that are far
below their real capabilities and that can't be productive for them or us," said
Ed Komarnicki, MP for Souris-Moose Mountain, in making the announcement at the
Newcomer Information Centre in Saskatoon.

"A small loan can make a world of difference to a new immigrant," he said.

Wendy Morris, chair of the board for IAF Saskatchewan, said the loans are
character driven.

"Participants in the program do not require collateral, a credit history or
minimum level of income to access loans," Morris said. "They must have a strong
learning plan, agree to repay the loan and have a reasonable chance at
employment in the field.

Irene Gannitsos, executive director for IAF Saskatchewan, said the program comes
at an opportune time.

"It is reflective of the recent surge of immigration here," she said. "It really
comes to the forefront in terms of the volume of immigrants and the growth in
the Saskatchewan economy that is creating this demand for skilled labour."

She said the program will complement other initiatives to help newcomers find
employment in their field of expertise.

"Access to finance is not the only barrier," Gannitsos said. "Skilled immigrants
also need resources from professional associations, support from employment and
settlement agencies, but I do believe that this is removing that financial
barrier that might have held people back before."

Gordon Wyant, MLA for Saskatoon Northwest, said the program will help find the
75,000 to 90,000 skilled workers the province will need in the next five years.

"This pilot project will help align newcomers with jobs in their field of study
and provide employers with more skilled workers to meet demands of our growing
labour market."

A similar program has operated in Alberta since 2005 and Morris said 70 per cent
of those who have finished the program in Alberta have found work in their
field.

She said the Saskatchewan program will benefit from the learning curve

"We didn't have to come here and start from scratch," she said. "We had a very
well-developed program to launch here in Saskatchewan."

For Sultan, it is a chance to continue to work as a skilled professional.

"I came here to strengthen my knowledge in finance." he said. "I am looking
forward to going to the Edwards School of Business to enhance my education."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Ed Komarnicki;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Virginia: Spots Remain for Thursday's Free Lunch and Inside Information
Regarding Small Business Financing

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Bridge Port Virginia has issued the following news release:



  Spots remain for tomorrow's free Lunch and Learn session at Bridgeport City
Hall. Those who have plans to open a small business in the immediate future or
who just have a passion in their back pocket to delve into a business venture
will benefit, said City Clerk Andrea Kerr.





 In addition to a catered lunch, the learning portion of Thursday's event will
feature information shared by SBA Lender Relations Specialist Rick Haney and Tim
James of The First Microloan of West Virginia. The two entities are partnering
to provide an overview of what owners of small businesses need to know before
approaching a lender for a business loan.



 "We will touch on what a lender looks for from a small business - what
documentation, business plans, etc," Haney said.



 The presenters will also talk a little about their own lending programs and
available resources. The Microloan program loans up to $50,000, Haney said.



 "We'll also touch a bit on the importance of a credit score and how to improve
your credit rating," he said.



 Lasting approximately 90 minutes in its entirety, the free session starts at
11:30 a.m. Thursday, Feb. 18. Bridgeport Municipal Building is located on West
Main Street.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                January 2, 2012

CALENDAR

SECTION: Pg. 13 Vol. 28

LENGTH: 619  words


COMING EVENTS

TechTown Open House. 5-7 p.m. Jan. 10. Tours, a chat with the entrepreneur of
the month and discussions on supporting entrepreneurs. TechTown, Detroit. Free.
Contact: (313) 483-1302; email: diane@techtownwsu.org; website:
www.techtownwsu.org.

2012 Automotive Outlook Breakfast Seminar. 7-9 a.m. Jan. 10. Detroit Chapter of
the Turnaround Management Association, Association for Corporate Growth Detroit.
With Dave Andrea, vice president of industry analysis and economics, Original
Equipment Suppliers Association; and Jim Gillette, director of financial
services, IHS Automotive. Glen Oaks, Farmington Hills. $25 TMA and ACG members,
$45 nonmembers. Contact: (248) 593-4810; email: jbrewer@okeefeandassociates.
com; website: www.turnaround.org.

Pre-Business Research. 9 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Jan. 10. Oakland County Business
Center; Entrepreneur's Source; others. Farmington Community Library, Farmington
Hills. Free, preregistration required. Contact: (248) 858-0783; website:
www.oakgov.com.

CEED Microloan Orientation. 9-11 a.m. Jan. 11. Center for Empowerment & Economic
Development. Discover the requirements and process necessary to apply for and
obtain a microloan. Oakland County Executive Office Building, Waterford
Township. Free, preregistration required. Contact: (248) 858-0783; website:
www.oakgov.com.

Detroit Economic Club. 11:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. Jan. 12. With Mary Andringa, chair,
National Association of Manufacturers. Detroit Marriott Renaissance Center. $45
members, $55 guests of members, $75 nonmembers. Contact: (313) 963-8547; email:
info@ econclub.org; website: www.econclub.org.

How to Become a Government Contractor. 9 a.m.-noon. Jan. 12. Procurement
Technical Assistance Center of Schoolcraft College. Schoolcraft College,
Livonia. $45, advance registration required. Contact: (734) 462-4438; e-mail:
inforeq@schoolcraft.edu; website: www.schoolcraft.edu.

Detroit Economic Club. 11:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. Jan. 17. With Detroit Mayor Dave
Bing; Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano; Macomb County Executive Mark Hackel;
and Oakland County Executive L. Brooks Patterson. Cobo Center, Detroit. Contact:
(313) 963-8547; email: info@econclub.org; website: www.econclub.org.

Federal Healthcare Reform Update. 8-10 a.m. Jan. 17. United Way for Southeastern
Michigan, others. With Nancy Schlichting, president and chief executive, Henry
Ford Health System. Lawrence Technological University, Southfield. $25. Contact:
(248) 204-3095; email: nonprofitcenter@ltu.edu; website: www.ltu.edu.

An Insider's View of the North American International Auto Show and the Year's
Hottest Vehicles. 8-10 a.m. Jan. 19. Adcraft. With Eddie Alterman, editor, Car &
Driver, and Larry Webster, auto editor, Popular Mechanics. Townsend Hotel,
Birmingham. $25 members, $35 nonmembers. Contact: (313) 872-7850; email:
cyoung@adcraft.org; website: www.adcraft.org.

Fundamentals of Writing a Business Plan. 9 a.m.-noon. Jan. 19. Learn what
elements are commonly found in effective plans and work on developing each of
these for your own business. Oakland County Executive Office Building, Waterford
Township. $30. Contact: (248) 858-0783; email: deaver-leark@oak gov.com;
website: www.oakgov.com.

CoreNet Michigan 2012 Economic Forecast. 11 a.m.-2 p.m. Jan. 19. Commercial Real
Estate Women Detroit, others. With State Treasurer Andy Dillon. Dearborn Inn.
$43 CREW members, $55 nonmembers. Register by 10 a.m., Jan. 11. Contact: (313)
271-2700; website: www.crewdetroit.org.

State of the State Address to Business Community. 8-10 a.m. Jan. 20. Detroit
Regional Chamber. With Gov. Rick Snyder. Location TBA. $35, registration begins
Jan. 4. Contact: (313) 964-4000; email: members@detroitchamber.com; website:
www.detroitchamber.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

PROGRAM HELPS IMMIGRANTS THRIVE

BYLINE: VIRGINIA BARREDA, TIMES CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 637 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Project Prosper offers financial education, tips on conducting
everyday business and microloans.


Maritza Castillo-Alfonso and Esteban Lima both left Cuba in search of
opportunity and economic prosperity.

Alfonso, a cardiologist, and Lima, an economist, held professional positions in
Cuba. But in a new country with a totally different economy, the United States
was a different ball game.

In June 2013, an organization helped them acclimate to the new economic system.
Project Prosper is a nonprofit designed to help immigrants receive microloans
and learn about the U.S. financial system.

"Project Prosper was amazing because they taught us how to live in this society,
how to manage a budget, and get a financial education," Lima said. "It was
amazing to meet people (like those in) Project Prosper trying to help others
understand finance in America."

Through Project Prosper, they each took out a $1,500 loan. With the money,
Maritza and Esteban were able to become permanent residents. As a U.S. resident,
Maritza gained the ability to start her nursing program as well as to allow her
son to begin college.

Esteban is now working for the CARIBE Program, an adult education program, as an
intake counselor.

Since its inception in 2007, Project Prosper has given loans to approximately 55
borrowers just like Alfonso and Lima. It is divided into three components: the
loan program, mentoring and financial education.

"Our goal is to assimilate immigrants into the American financial system,"
volunteer coordinator Maxi Wood said. "We teach them information like bank
accounts, budgets, credit and most importantly, how to protect your financial
information.

The loan program lends up to $1,500 for a one-time need. There is a 24-month
loan term and the borrower also pays a "self-interest" of 10 percent. The
borrower must have lived in the United States for 10 years or less, and must be
continually employed for at least six months. The loans are taken out for a
variety of reasons including costs of residency, transportation, and educational
expenses.

The Project Prosper loan program has worked with immigrants from countries
including Ukraine, Cuba, Colombia, Jamaica, Iraq and Peru. The majority of the
organization is made up of volunteers, including those who teach the financial
literacy courses, the mentors, and the loan committee. To date, all but two
borrowers have been successful in repaying the money on time and in full.

"Project Prosper is all about teaching," Woods said. "We love teaching."

Each borrower is also partnered with a financial literacy mentor. These
financial guides meet with the borrower once a month to help with any questions.

"It can be bewildering coming to another country and not know anything about how
to conduct business, how to open a bank account, how to do things that we all
take for granted," Project Prosper co-founder Robin Warren said. "There was not
really anyone that was addressing that need."

The impact of Project Prosper has been proven by the growth. When it began eight
years ago, its only location of financial literacy education was in St.
Petersburg. To date, they are present in Pinellas, Pasco and Hillsborough
counties, but the nonprofit remains in search of more volunteers and more funds.

During a recent Project Prosper fundraiser at the Avila Country Club in Tampa,
Lima and Alfonso shared their learning experience and expressed their gratitude
to Project Prosper.

"We hope to pay it forward by suggesting this program to all of our friends who
are in the same situation that we were in because it's a good experience,"
Alfonso said. "They offered us a lot of knowledge financial education. We feel
grateful for that help that they offered us."

Added Alfonso: "This organization is a good example of how to help immigrants.
To not just give money, but to also give knowledge, compromise and commitment
with the American society. It's a real way to help people."

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Mike Krassner: Esteban Lima and Maritza Castillo-Alfonso got
help from Project Prosper, a nonprofit that makes microloans to immigrants.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           December 10, 2001, Monday

When bank loan isn't an option, these sources may lend an ear

BYLINE: Grace Aduroja

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 347 words


Small-business owners can obtain capital in ways other than traditional bank
loans.

The quickest way is to ask friends and family, said Carol Lopucki, state
director of the Michigan Small Business Development Center Network in Grand
Rapids.

However, this usually does not work or does not generate enough capital, Lopucki
said. Your friends and family may prefer that you turn to other sources, such as
an angel investor.

Angel investors often are wealthy individuals who are willing to invest money
into businesses. They usually expect part ownership of the company and a return
on their investment, Lopucki said.

For small-business owners who do not want to relinquish portions of their
businesses to friends, family or angel investors, microloans are another option,
she said.

Microloans establish a cash base for small-business owners who have trouble
getting money from banks because they do not have startup funds, Lopucki said.

Such loans give small businesses up to their first $35,000, she said. These
funds come from banks, city governments and the U.S. Small Business
Administration. Ann Arbor, Detroit, Flint, Marquette, Traverse City and Grand
Rapids have microloan programs.

An option that's most useful for technology businesses is venture capital, said
Christopher Cameron, a partner in and CEO of Sloan Ventures L.L.C. in
Birmingham.

Venture capitalists are risk-takers who like to invest in startup companies but
want to know there is a good chance they will make 20 percent to 30 percent
profit from their investment, Cameron said. Therefore, they usually want to know
up front how they will get a return on their money.

For example, venture capitalists want to know whether the business owner is
interested in taking the company public or selling it for profit, Cameron said.

Some venture-capital companies prefer investing in businesses that have proved
they have growth potential, he said.

A venture-capital company also can bring contacts, experience, customers and
potential business partners to the table, Cameron said.


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cameron

                   Copyright 2001 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                August 20, 2009

Small Business Administration program enhanced by American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 145  words


With the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) funding an additional $50
million for loans and $24 million for technical assistance, the U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA) is expanding its Microloan program and increasing
access to capital for small businesses across the country.

The program is shifting to funding provided under the ARRA now that it has
exhausted the regular FY 2009 appropriations for $20 million in loans and $20
million in technical assistance.

With the additional resources, SBA is focused on adding new lenders and
encouraging entrepreneurs to seek out SBA-backed microlenders to finance their
businesses.

Since the ARRA, SBA has approved eight new applications from lenders to join the
Microloan program, and has 15 new loans to microlenders for $10.7 million in
ARRA funds ready to be disbursed. Of the 15, eight are for new microlenders.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                          September 29 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

New Law Good for Orange County Economic Development

SECTION: CH; Pg. CH6

LENGTH: 830  words


While partisan rancor seems to dominate Congress just before the mid-term
election, an important bill for economic development in Orange County passed
last Thursday and was signed into law by President Obama two days ago.

Back in October 2009, Obama proposed increasing the maximum Small Business
Administration (SBA) 7(a) loan size from $2 million to $5 million, the SBA
microloan program loan size from $35,000 to $50,000, and the maximum SBA 504
loan guarantee size from $2 million to $5 million for standard projects and from
$4 million to $5.5 million for manufacturing projects. Congress responded with
HR 5297, the Small Business Jobs and Credit Act of 2010 (the "Act").

The 7(a) program is the SBA's primary and most flexible loan program, with
financing guaranteed for a variety of general business purposes. It is designed
for start-up and existing small businesses. It is delivered through commercial
lending institutions.

SBA's microloan program provides small short-term loans for working capital or
the purchase of inventory, supplies, furniture, fixtures, machinery and/or
equipment. It is designed for small businesses and not-for-profit child-care
centers needing small-scale financing and technical assistance for start-up or
expansion, and is delivered through specially designated intermediary lenders
(nonprofit organizations with experience in lending and technical assistance).

The 504 program provides long-term, fixed-rate financing to acquire fixed assets
(such as real estate or equipment) for expansion or modernization. It is
designed for small businesses requiring "brick and mortar" financing and is
delivered by CDCs (Certified Development Companies) -- private, nonprofit
corporations set up to contribute to the economic development of their
communities.

The act also continues, until the end of 2010, the Stimulus Act loan guarantees.
In general, the SBA now guarantees 75 percent of the principal amount on a loan.
So if a business borrows $100,000 and defaults, the SBA generally pays the
lender $75,000; the lender suffers a loss on the remaining $25,000. Under the
act, the SBA will guarantee 90 percent at least to the end of the year. The act
also continues the Stimulus Act fee waiver until the end of the year. When a
business obtains an SBA-guaranteed loan, the business must pay a fee, which
generally ranges from 2 percent to 3.75 percent of the loan's principal amount.

The act also has a couple of tax gifts to small businesses. A selection of those
provisions are the following:

* An immediate write-off of 50 percent of new equipment purchases in 2010 for
small and large businesses.

* A business generally may deduct, all in one year, the cost of certain assets
by claiming a Section 179 deduction. That deduction will double, to $500,000,
for 2010 and 2011.

* In general, a taxpayer may deduct $5,000 in expenses related to starting up a
business. The new law doubles the limit, to $10,000 for 2010.

* Allows self-employed people to deduct health insurance costs for themselves
and their families.

* Removes employer-provided cell phones from a list of items that can be taxed
as fringe benefits.

Orange County government has an opportunity to encourage the formation and
operation of small businesses. With the federal government enacting policies to
help the national credit market and making it easier to sell to the federal
government, the county must make its own contributions to the solution to the
economic problem. By enacting the recommendations of the Orange County Economic
Development Commission (EDC), the Orange County Commissioners will begin to
right the long-term fiscal ship of the county. Right now that ship is
dangerously listing towards strategic failure with either county service cuts or
property tax increases into the extended future.

Back in May 2010, the EDC recommended that county commissioners finance in its
entirety a comprehensive strategy encompassing a three-pronged approach
addressing:

1. The development of physical locations for entrepreneurial and established
businesses to locate and grow for years to come.

2. Tools needed to nurture existing businesses and start-ups as well to attract
and retain established businesses.

3. Information and knowledge needed to support data-driven decision-making.

By addressing these key needs, the EDC expects to increase the number of UNC
spin-offs locating in the county, to increase the county's ability to attract
and retain 10-100 employee companies as well as the ability to attract
investment in existing Orange County businesses. All of which will increase
resident wealth and commercial tax revenue.

However, in order for the county to afford these approaches the first part of
the action belongs to the voters on Nov. 2. Join me in voting for the sales tax
increase so that the county can move forward with these EDC recommendations
before the fiscal ship capsizes and sinks.

Jeremy Todd Browner of Carrboro is an attorney with a solo practice in Chapel
Hill.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           September 21, 2015 Monday

Column: Evolving business returns to Accion for commercial real-estate loan

BYLINE: By Justin Hyde Accion Market Manager

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 578 words


Cathy Schueler approached Accion, a nonprofit lender, in 1996 to secure her
first business loan for her nascent business   a microloan of around $3,000   to
buy equipment and supplies for her private psychotherapy practice in Rio Rancho.
At the time, Schueler was a sole proprietor who wanted to build her new
business.

By the time Schueler returned in 2015, she was planning to purchase a home for
her thriving S corporation, Bosque Mental Health, in central Albuquerque.

"Cathy's a great example of how a client can grow with us," said Metta Smith,
vice president of lending and client relations. "We're able to work with a wide
range of entrepreneurs   from those needing startup capital to launch, to the
well-established business owner hoping to purchase a home for his or her
business."Different type of loan

Accion offers a range of credit and services to local entrepreneurs: microloans
from $1,000 to small business loans up to $1 million for purposes such as
startup capital, equipment purchase, franchise expansion, business acquisition,
or as in Schueler's case, the purchase of owner-occupied commercial real estate
(OOCRE). Scheuler, just shy of qualifying for a SBA loan, turned to Accion for
capital.

Unlike many home mortgages, loans to purchase commercial real estate to house a
business are not insured by the federal government. Thus, fewer options are
available and rates and down payment requirements are typically higher than in
the mortgage market, with prepayment penalties frequently in effect.

Seeing the need to increase access for entrepreneurs to finance the purchase of
owner-occupied real estate, Accion introduced a specialty product in 2012 that
features fixed interest rates and no pre-payment penalty.

Owning a business' location can boost the confidence   and cash flow   for an
entrepreneur to grow her business. That's just what Schueler plans to do with
Bosque Mental Health in its new digs   a 2,200-square-foot building in a
centrally located medical complex. "It's larger, more sophisticated and more
professional," she said.

Once a sole proprietor, Schueler is now executive director of a business that
employs 14 people and provides a vital, and often life-changing, service to
individuals and families across Albuquerque. In addition to running Bosque
Mental Health, she continues to see a limited number of clients to keep her
therapist skills current.

The Accion loan "gave me the leg-up I needed," she said. "It will help my
business grow in ways it (otherwise) couldn't have." Her five-year plan is for
Bosque Mental Health to be one of the premier organizations people turn to for
outpatient behavioral health care.A family feeling

One thing that didn't change in the 19 years between her two Accion loans was
the lender's enthusiastic support, Schueler said. "They're kind of like a
family; they're helpful and friendly and want to work with you," she said.
"Justin walked me through everything and asked questions I wasn't even
anticipating."

Accion's mission remains the same after 20 years of service: increase access to
business credit, make loans and provide training to enable entrepreneurs to
realize their dreams and be catalysts for positive economic and social change.
For more information, visit www.accionnm.org .

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org .

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Yirendai partners with Zheshang, CreditEase on consumer financing services

LENGTH: 147 words


China-based Yirendai has signed a framework agreement with China Zheshang Bank
and CreditEase Pucheng Credit Assessment and Management to cooperate on
microloan and consumer financing services.

Using its online lending and risk management skills, Yirendai will assist the
Chinese lenders on offering financing services to individual consumers.

Yirendai executive chairman Ning Tang said: "This cooperation illustrates
Zheshang Bank's recognition of our strong online operation capabilities. It will
provide the opportunity for individual borrowers to receive lower cost funding."

Zheshang Bank vice president Chunxiang Chen said: "By leveraging Yirendai's
extraordinary capabilities of online borrower acquisition, credit scoring and
risk management, we are confident to quickly expand our scale of microloan and
consumer financing, and capture the enormous business opportunities ahead."

LOAD-DATE: February 05, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 March 20, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Debt stress

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 572  words


Debt stress

JUST because the credit boom is not a problem that necessarily demands an
increase in interest rates doesn't mean it isn't a problem at all.

A report for the new National Credit Regulator, released at the weekend, takes a
good look at the growth and composition of credit extended to households in SA
and finds some signals to reassure those worried about the "credit madness" in
the economy. Banks account for about 85% of consumer credit, and home loans and
other asset-backed loans, such as vehicle finance, make up nearly 75% of the
banks' total R680bn of lending to households.

That kind of secured lending tends to be less risky for banks and their clients.
Much of it has been driven by increases in house prices and in disposable
incomes, as well as by lower interest rates. As the report notes, the household
that could pay a bond of R500000 in the late 1990s, when interest rates hit 25%
and the consumer credit market ran into trouble, can now afford a bond of
R900000 because the monthly payment is the same.

More risky unsecured lending, particularly credit cards, has grown a lot faster
than mortgage lending, for reasons that the report suggests are partly
structural. Joint ventures and alliances between banks and other players such as
retailers and cellphone companies have driven some of the trend and banks have
delivered on their financial sector charter promises to broaden access to credit
in part by going downmarket with their credit card offerings. At least some
low-income earners can now use credit card debt, which is less costly than
microloans or hire purchase finance. But it is more risky. Microloans have to be
repaid at some point, but credit card facilities revolve and when households hit
financial trouble, the first thing they tend to do is max out their credit
cards. Signs are that there has been a race for market share. And it takes up to
18 months for it to become clear whether new customers are really good
customers. So we could be facing overindebtedness trouble in the next year or
two.

Credit card debt is still no more than 5% or so of banks' consumer books so this
is not necessarily a problem for the system. But households may be holding a
variety of different forms of debt and no one knows really just how indebted
they are. Overindebtedness could cause problems for some lenders. And it
certainly is a social problem, one that can send a low-income household into a
spiral of poverty.

Officials at the national credit regulator say banks are being more scientific
than ever about how they score customers and extend credit and most of it is
responsibly granted. But the market needs watching for signs of stress - when
people start using one form of debt to pay another or meeting only some of their
repayments each month. School fees and electricity bills are often the first to
go.

Financial education for consumers is one way to try to lessen "credit madness".
But ensuring lenders act responsibly is as, or more, important. The new credit
legislation has come at a good time, as it will force all lenders to ensure they
are not adding more debt to already overburdened households. It will force them,
too, to disclose, in simple and transparent terms, what a new loan will really
cost the borrower. The credit regulator has also promised to do regular research
on debt and overindebtedness.

If significant signs of stress start to emerge, we will at least know about it.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

More Than Money;
Big Benefits Result From Small Business Loans Through Assets Lancaster Assets
Lancaster 1St Lending Circle $ 1,200 Or $ 3,600 9 Percent 1 Year 9

BYLINE: Chad Umble

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 890  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


CHAD UMBLE

CUMBLE@LNPNEWS.COM

A year ago this month, ASSETS Lancaster began a program that lent $13,200 to
nine small-business owners looking to jump-start their enterprises and rebuild
credit.

But the program provided more than money.

The group gathered regularly for business training, credit counseling and mutual
support - activities that the aspiring entrepreneurs found as valuable as the
loans.

"It was exactly what I was looking for," said LaShonda Whitaker, who got a
$1,200 loan to buy supplies for Whitaker Family Child Care, which she operates
out of her Lancaster home.

Whitaker just hired a part-time employee and said she wants to be in the next
round of the expanding microloan program where $5,000 could be on the table.

Small loans, big hopes

ASSETS made the loans in March 2014 through the PRECAPS program of FINANTA, a
Philadelphia-based microlender.

Modeled after successful international microloan programs, the loans of $1,200
and $3,600 were given at 9 percent interest.

The program also featured a "lending circle," where the nine borrowers meet
monthly to learn about business and to encourage each other.

"I think it is having the impact we wanted it to have," Jonathan Coleman,
program director for ASSETS.

The businesses represented included tax preparation, consulting, a hair salon,
fashion design, landscaping, electrical, property management, day care and
antique window restoration.

The loans helped the business owners buy tools, supplies and equipment as well
as gave them a chance to rebuild damaged credit.

"This was probably the first year that my credit score didn't go down," said
Lindsey Gruber, a 27 year old who got a $1,200 loan for her side business,
Gruber Accounting Services.

Of the nine people in the class, seven had their credit scores go up, with one
person establishing credit for the very first time.

Of the six people who had their existing scores go up, the average increase was
from 589 to 612.

And as of last Wednesday's graduation, all but $280 of the loans had been paid
back.

The one unpaid loan was to the owner of the window restoration business who
stopped attending classes. The owner did not return calls from LNP, but Coleman
said he expects the loan will be made good.

Any missed loan repayments are covered by a group escrow account, to which
everyone contributed the equivalent of one month's payment.

Michael Tull, 45, who got a $1,200 loan for his UgLY 1 clothing line, said he
wouldn't be bothered by having to help cover someone else's shortfall

"We all knew that going in," Tull said. "We know that for the group that is
here, we stayed loyal and we can still do it together."

Small loans growing

Coleman said ASSETS, which assists entrepreneurs from underserved populations,
learned enough from FINANTA to launch its own lending circles.

The next round will give out around $25,000, with possible individual loans up
to $5,000 for those who completed the initial round.

The new loans are expected to close in early May.

ASSETS hopes to have several lending circles a year in Lancaster plus expand the
program to York, Harrisburg and Reading.

To that end, ASSETS has hired a lending officer who begins later this month and
will oversee the program. Coleman said it should be able to operate without
FINANTA in about six months.

Coleman told the lending circle group at their graduation last Wednesday, "We
were testing it this year and you've proven, through your hard work, that this
can work."

The graduation, which was held in Southern Market Center at 100 S. Queen St.,
included food from Espino's Pizza, whose owner Ramon Espino is part of a
six-person lending circle ASSETS began in December.

Succeeding together

The lending circle borrowers universally praised the ASSETS program and the
support they got from each other.

"The other business owners actually empower me to keep going when times get
tough," said Falesha Martin, 39, who used a $1,200 loan to buy additional
supplies and equipment for her salon, Turn N' Headz weaving and braiding studio,
including a hair steamer.

With a new round of funding, Martin said she would add a retail section to her
salon.

James McFarlane, 33, used a $1,200 loan to buy some tools for Bear Service, his
one-man electrician business. McFarlane said a second loan could bring him
closer to hiring another electrician and an electrician's helper.

Rob Vital, 40, used the $1,200 loan to get some supplies and a new paint job for
the van he has for his business, Vital Property Services.

Vital said he especially appreciated the accounting and bookkeeping help for his
handyman service, which he has operated since 1998.

"I could do the work, but I'm not in business management," Vital said.

Tony Russell, 38, used a $3,600 loan to buy a wood splitter so he could to
augment his one-man landscaping business, Russell's Lawn Care and Home Services,
by selling firewood over the winter.

"I didn't realize there was a firewood cult out there," Russell said of the new
line of work.

Gerald Simmons, a Lancaster pastor, got a $1,200 loan for promotional supplies
for his consulting business.

Simmons, who is in his 60s, said the lending circle program provided a good
starting point for business owners who are not sure of the way.

"It's what I would call the on-ramp to the mainstream for small businesses," he
said.

n Loan amounts:

n Interest rate:

n Loan term:

n Borrowers:

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gerald Simmons
Tony Russell
Rob Vital
James Mcfarlane
Michael Tull
Lindsey Gruber
Lashonda Whitaker
Rstaff Falesha Martin, Owner Of The Turn N' Headz Hair Weaving And Braiding
Studio, Works On A Customer In Her Salon. Richard Hertzle

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Michigan: November Business Workshop

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Oakland Country, The State of Michigan has issued the following news release:

Business owners and entrepreneurs who need assistance are encouraged to attend
seminars offered by the Oakland County One Stop Shop Business Center. Unless
otherwise noted, all programs take place at the Oakland County Executive Office
Building Conference Center, 2100 Pontiac Lake Road, west of Telegraph in
Waterford. For pre-registration and location map, visit
www.AdvantageOakland.com/businessworkshops or call 248-858-0783.
Business Research: Feasibility to Expansion
November 6,
5:30 - 8:30 p.m.

Thinking of starting a business and want to research your business idea? Do you
want to identify market trends and opportunities to grow your sales? Are you
looking for new customers or to diversify your market base? Business Research
shows you ways to find your ideal customers, your competitors, perform
competitive analysis and more. Presented by The Oakland County One Stop Shop
Business Center, Oakland County Market Research Department and an Oakland County
Public Library business reference librarian.

Location: Novi Main Library, 45255 W. Ten Mile Road, Novi
Fee: This workshop is free, but pre-registration is required. CEED® Small
Business Loan Orientation
November 12,
9 - 11 a.m.

Many small businesses face obstacles when trying to obtain a business loan. The
recognition of the serious need for working capital for existing businesses,
startup or expansion, equipment purchases, and job creation is not the priority
it once was. If you have a need for alternative financing consider the Microloan
Program. Discover the requirements and process necessary to apply and obtain a
microloan.

Fee: This workshop is free but pre-registration is required.
Know Your Numbers: Five Keys to Using Financial Statements
November 13,
9 - noon

Who Should Attend: Business owners and key staff who want to have a better
understanding of how to use their financial statements. The ideal participant
will have 2-3 years of financial history and be pursuing financing or having
challenges with cash flow.
Topics include how to:

Use your Balance Sheet and Income Statement in managing your business
    Use break even analysis to improve your decision-making
    Find the source of your cash flow problems
    Increase your company's cash flow
    Get the banker on your side


Location: Automation Alley 2675 Bellingham, Troy
Fee: $25 per person, pre-registration is requested.
Create Your Marketing Plan
November 18,
9 a.m. - noon

When marketing a small business, budget and human resources are often limited
but ideas and goals are still as big as they come. That's why the Oakland County
One Stop Shop Business Center is offering Create Your Marketing Plan (Finally, a
Marketing Plan You Can Use), a three-hour class tailor-made for the unique needs
of small businesses.

Fee: $40 per person, pre-registration is required.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           November 24, 2011 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

T'is the season for payday loans?;
Jeremy Gates looks at the nation's money issues and investigates whether payday
loans are a boon or blight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 1029 words


In the weeks either side of Christmas, hundreds of thousands of households are
expected to use a short term solution of 'payday loans' to keep afloat - even
though they could cause serious problems in 2012.

That is the warning from many financial advisors, as leading retailers predict
family finances will be stretched as never before by the festive celebrations.

Supermarket chain Morrison's says a third of its customers already have no
disposable income left over at the end of the month, and that's before this
winter's massive fuel bills kick in.

Against that background, it is hardly surprising that more people are taking out
'payday loans' to tide themselves over until their monthly pay cheque hits their
bank account. Loans to consumers in this 'high-cost credit sector' could already
top pounds 9 billion.

Ferratum, the self-styled largest online microloan lender in Europe which
launched in Britain in July, thinks more than 2 million UK households already
hold 'payday' loans.

Ian Porter, Ferratum UK sales and marketing manager said: "Microloans are
probably the fastest growth area in the financial services sector.

"People like the flexibility. They borrow pounds 50-pounds 300 to repay within a
maximum 45 days. Consumers are increasingly turning away from long term loans
with traditional lenders."

By limiting first timers to a maximum pounds 100 loan, Ferratum claims the risks
are carefully controlled. Customers - applying online or by a mobile - are told
upfront the full cost of their loan, with no hidden charges.

Customers can use an online loan calculator to work out the amount they need,
the repayment period - up to a maximum of 45 days - and total cost.

Only then do they apply for a loan, after which Ferratum's customer services
team runs a credit check before advising in minutes whether the application is
successful. It looks easy, and sounds simple. That's the problem.

Steve Rees at debt consultant Vincent Bond said: "This is a valid service to
provide short-term loans, but we are seeing people in serious trouble with 10-12
of these short term loans, each one between pounds 300 and pounds 400.

"If you walk into a high street shop with a payslip and some identification, you
usually get your money - and you can cross the road to repeat the process three
or four times.

"Once your debts pass pounds 2,000 or so, and you can't pay back, interest rates
become crippling."

As the current issue of Moneywise magazine explains, payday loans are a highly
controversial topic: with quoted interest rates on loans from 450 per cent to
4,214 per cent, there are widespread fears that payday loans are too complex for
many people to handle.

These astronomic interest rates usually arise because they are measured over a
full year, when most payday loans last for only a few weeks.

Steve Perry wrote a book, 'When Payday Loans Go Wrong', to detail the saga which
started when he took a loan for pounds 250 to pay for a holiday in June 2009.
Trying to avoid trouble in making repayments, he collected 64 payday loans from
12 companies - owing, at one point, a total of pounds 22,000.

"If payday loans are used for days to borrow a small amount, they could be a
very useful form of credit," he said.

A pounds 150 loan from Wonga, for example, costs pounds 177 if repaid in a
fortnight - effectively an interest rate of 18 per cent. It's cheaper than
putting the money on an unauthorised overdraft.

But Mr Perry found that when clients hit trouble, many companies suggest further
loans to cover ballooning repayments.

It's a devastating trick.

Walthamstow MP Stella Creasy claims some payday loan firms target Armed Forces
personnel and ex-servicemen who may be struggling to manage their finances. Some
companies, such as Quickquid.co.uk, have special sites for members of the Armed
Services.

Another website to attract criticism is www.easymilitaryloans.co.uk because it
does not provide 'fixed' interest rates.

Many firms believe that they fill a vital gap in these difficult days. Gary
Miller-Cheevers launched Speedeloans in February 2010, and wants to lend nearly
pounds 20 million in 2011.

His typical customer is aged 32, earns pounds 21,000 a year and plans to borrow
pounds 200 for a maximum 19 days.

Total cost of that is about pounds 42, an interest rate which works out at 2,727
per cent APR, measured over a year. But Miller-Cheevers says somebody who gets
six direct debits bounced because of a lack of funds in their account could face
total bank charges approaching pounds 200 - so the short term loan makes sense
for them.

Speedeloans figures suggest that over half its customers are professionals, with
more than 25 per cent employed as nurses, doctors or teachers while seven per
cent are solicitors, accountants or financial advisors. Around 76 per cent of
Speedeloans customers repay the money within the allotted time. Some 18 per cent
are "a bit tardy" and can be expected to repay after "chasing up".

Around six per cent per cent don't repay, so their loans are written off - a
reminder that the firm still sometimes loans to people it should have refused.

Miller-Cheevers said: "Reputable lenders work according to the new Lending Code
for Small Cash Advances, drawn up by the Consumer Finance Association (CFA) and
launched in the House of Commons this July.

"As a company, we fully support this new code because it will give confidence to
consumers, and also mean than the less-than-ethical small loan providers are
made accountable for their actions.

"Responsible lenders like us get tarred with the same brush, when what we are
actually doing is proving a useful and fair service to working people with
temporary cash flow problems.

"We always show applicants the total cost of repayment clearly and prominently,
before they apply for the loan. There are no hidden fees and charges, and if our
customers fail to repay a loan swiftly, we cap the interest and try to reach an
agreement with them."

However, he admitted: "There is a sector of this business in which companies
dress themselves up as lenders and then trawl the internet to target people who
are less than financially savvy."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Cash can be hard to come by at this time of year - but payday loans
are not always the correct answer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bp


               Copyright 2011 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 26, 2012 Sunday

Citi Community Development and the Latino Economic Development Corporation to
promote SMEs in Washington, D.C.

LENGTH: 323  words


   Washington, D.C: Citi Community Development and the Latino Economic
Development Corporation announced a substantial contribution to promote small
businesses in the district access microloans to support business expansion,
income growth and job creation. LEDC's successful micro-lending program
provides alternative financing to small businesses, the most important engines
of economic growth in the District of Columbia. Citi's $500,000 commitment will
 enable LEDC to expand its micro-lending program and increase lending to small
businesses by nearly 50 percent over the next year. As a certified Community
Development Financial Institution, LEDC's Microloan Program provides loans
between $5,000 and $50,000 to start-ups and existing businesses that have
difficulty obtaining credit from mainstream financial institutions.   Citi's
generous contribution is the largest single private gift in LEDC's 20-year
history and demonstrates how the private sector and community-based nonprofits
can work in collaboration to strengthen support for aspiring entrepreneurs,"
said LEDC Executive Director Manny Hidalgo. Washington, D.C., Deputy Mayor for
Planning & Economic Development Victor L. Hoskins notes that city cannot
achieve its goals of increased opportunities for entrepreneurs and job-seekers
with public-only initiatives and we are pleased that our local small business
owners now have enhanced opportunities to access capital because of Citi's
investment. Bob Annibale, Citi Global Director of Community Development and
Microfinance, notes that small businesses provide the greatest opportunity for
job creation and they are vitally important to the stability and growth of a
community and a local economy. He further notes that Citi is committed to
working with leading community partners, such as LEDC, and local officials to
provide the resources to support small businesses, strengthen neighborhoods,
and create stable jobs.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Four-fold demand for festive pay loans

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 172 words


MORE than four times as many people applied for a payday loan in the first two
weeks of December than in the whole of November.

Ferratum, Europe's biggest online microloan lender, said the demand in the
run-up to Christmas was so great it had taken on additional staff to handle
applications.

The majority of people applying for loans were aged 18-35 and more than 60% were
female.

With most people having had their last pay day before the festive season more
than three weeks ago, applicants were looking for extra cash to help buy
last-minute gifts and food.

Ian Porter, UK Sales and Marketing Manager at Ferratum, said: "The level of
applications was phenomenal during December.

"We received four times as many applications for microloans in that period alone
than in the whole of November."

He added: "The feedback we are receiving from our customers is that they like
the simplicity and flexibility of a microloan as well as the fact that it is
specifically aimed at helping people with a short-term requirement for money."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   WEECE INC

                                21 Boylston St.
                            Jamaica Plain,  MA 02130
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.weece.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   WEECE is a grassroots organization founded in 1999 by four dynamic Tanzanian
women determined to improve the harsh economic and cultural environment women
experience in Tanzania.  The initial objective of WEECE was microloans for women
to help establish their small businesses and in turn helping to achieve economic
stability, sense of accomplishment and ownership, and additional family support.
Today, WEECE has developed a set of services that includes and combines:
Education- in all necessary areas as well as Healthcare, Nutrition, Trades,
Computer Literacy, Best Business Practices. Counseling-- Family, Abuse, Marital
Rights, HIV/AIDS. Legal assistance and Advocacy-- Direct aid and advocacy for
members who need representation. Microloans/Bank Seeding-- WEECE offers
Microloans to help start small businesses, as well as seeds small community
banks with funds for women to participate in business development and savings
practices.  weece middle

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Upward trend in women-owned small businesses

BYLINE: Vivienne Machi, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 906 words


Oct. 31--BUTLER COUNTY -- The number of women deciding to take the reins of
their own company has been rising steadily during the past decade.

According to American Express OPEN's 2014 State of Women-Owned Businesses
Report, nearly 9.1 million women-owned businesses currently operate in the
United States, generating over $1.4 trillion in revenues and employing nearly
7.9 million people.

The report also found that between 1997 and 2014, the number of women-owned
businesses increased by 68 percent, 1 1/2  times the national average rate of 47
percent.

According to Bad Girl Ventures Executive Director Corey Drushal, if a woman is
thinking about opening a small business, the most important thing she can do is
talk about her business idea with as many people as possible.

"Oftentimes, entrepreneurs get scared of talking about (the business) too much,
which hinders their ability to tap into the business," she said.

Bad Girl Ventures was founded in 2010 in Cincinnati to provide resources to
women looking to start their own business, and work to "empower the female
entrepreneur," Drushal said.

"Women face some unique challenges when it comes to launching and growing
business," she said, stating, for example, that many women struggle to find
financing more than men do, due to traditionally owning less property or a
tendency to have more financial hardship than men after a divorce.

But Drushal has seen an upsurge in women applying for BGV's services, which
include nine-week business courses, investment opportunities, and one-on-one
mentoring via a partnership with Cincinnati nonprofit SCORE.

"I remember our first class had maybe 15 attendees, and our current fall class
has 45," she said.

Other area business supporters have seen an upward trend as well. According to
data provided by the Small Business Development Center (SBDC), which provides
small business counseling free of charge out of its offices in Hamilton and
Middletown, 189 out of 279 individuals seen for consultations between Oct. 1,
2013, and Sept, 30, 2014, were women, or just under 50 percent.

The SBDC also partners with Supports to Encourage Low-Income Families (SELF) and
Neighborhood Housing Services to offer the 10-week Butler County Microenterprise
and Microloan Program, which trains Butler County residents on the ins and outs
of opening a business, free of charge.

"Historically, about 65 percent of enrollees (in the microenterprise and
microloan program) have been women," said SELF Community Relations Director Beth
Race. She added that 2013 saw a bump in women's attendence: "Seventy-four
percent of last year's attendees were women," she said.

Kelly Bittlinger, administrative coordinator for the West Chester-Liberty
Chamber of Commerce, started her Middletown professional cleaning and organizing
business, Room 4 Life, in the beginning of 2012.

"I knew that I could organize, but I didn't know the business side," she said.
Support from BizTech, now rebranded as the Hamilton Mill, was a huge help at
that time, she said, as was the microenterprise and microloan program, which
helped her get one of her first loans.

"I didn't know what resources were available to me as a woman when I first
started," she said.

A FAMILY TEAM

A mother-daughter team hopes to open a new bakery on Hamilton's West Side in
December.

Diana Ramsey said she started thinking about opening a small business about a
year ago, and enlisted help from her daughter, Kelly Vaughn, in bringing freshly
baked goods including doughnuts, muffins, pastries and cupcakes to 1335 Main St.

"Being a small business owner is not for the faint of heart," Vaughn said.
Especially as a baker: "People think of women bakers as these cute girls with
aprons, but we're picking up 50-pound bags of flour."

But she and her mother agreed that Ramsey's background in industrial supply and
business and Vaughn's experience working at her aunt's bakery make them
confident about their shop's success.

"My sister is my consultant," Ramsay said.

Her sister, Tari Niederman, has owned the Donut Stop, 5148 Pleasant Ave., in
Fairfield since 2009, and said that sometimes, people assumed there had to be a
man behind the business.

"I have one full-time employee who puts orders in, but I do payroll, operating,
as well as baking," she said. Niederman arrives in the mid-afternoon to begin
baking ahead of the store's 1 a.m. open time, and sometimes keeps baking
throughout the day.

"But I've had enough people come by that think a man owns the shop," she said.

'YOU HAVE TO BE PRETTY TOUGH'

Jody Boyd watched her mother run a business all of her life, as her parents,
John and Joyce Brown, opened Brown's Family Farm Market in Ross 44 years ago and
have been at their current location at 11620 Hamilton-Cleves Road for the past
26 years.

"You have to be pretty tough (as a woman business owner)," she said. "My mother
had to be tough with the men who came through, who she negotiated with."

But Boyd added that she sees women business owners being more aggressive these
days, emphasizing that for anyone trying to run a small business now, "you have
to live, sleep, and breathe the business."

Drushal said she believes that "the entrepreneur is where we as a nation need to
invest our time."

"They're coming up with the solutions to problems facing our nation," she said.

___ (c)2014 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141031-HL-Upward-trend-in-women-owned-small-businesses-1031-20141031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2014 The Journal-News


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                  May 25, 2008
                                   e1 Edition

Women rise to the occasion in Rwanda;
Fourteen years after the genocide that wiped out almost a million people, women
are at the forefront of reconstruction, writes Anthony Faiola

SECTION: DISPATCHES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1027 words


Sun-kissed plantations ring the village of Maraba, Rwanda, renowned in recent
years for growing the rich arabica beans brewed and served in some of the
world's finest coffee houses.

But the secret to success here has had far less to do with the idyllic climate
and volcanic soil than with a group of people who have emerged as Maraba's - and
Rwanda's - most potent economic force: women.

In the 14 years since the genocide, when 800 000 people died during three months
of violence, this country has become perhaps the world's leading example of how
empowering women can transform post-conflict economies and fight the cycle of
poverty.

That is particularly clear in Maraba, a southern village where a host of women -
largely relegated to backbreaking field work in the days before the genocide -
have found opportunity in the fertile lands they inherited from slaughtered
husbands, fathers and brothers.

As both female and male survivors sought to rebuild coffee plantations with
financial and technical assistance from international organisations, Maraba's
women, most trying their hands at the business of farming for the first time,
proved by far the faster students. They showed more willingness than men,
officials here say, to embrace new techniques aimed at improving quality and
profit.

Maraba's female farmers are outdoing their male counterparts in both, numbering
about half of all farmers in the village's coffee co-operative but producing 90
percent of its finest quality beans for export.

The march of female entrepreneurialism is playing out here and across Rwanda in
industries from agribusiness to tourism. Women more than men invest profits in
the family, renovate homes, improve nutrition, increase savings rates and spend
on children's education, officials say.

It speaks to a seismic shift in gender economics in Rwanda's post-genocide
society, one that is altering the way younger generations of males view their
mothers and sisters, while offering a powerful lesson for other developing
nations struggling to rebuild from the ashes of conflict.

"Rwanda's economy has risen up from the genocide and prospered greatly on the
backs of our women," said Agnes Matilda Kalibata, the minister in charge of
agriculture.

"Bringing women out of the home and fields has been essential to our rebuilding.
In that process, Rwanda has changed forever. We are becoming a nation that
understands that there are huge financial benefits to equality."

In the central highlands town of Masaka, the road to female prosperity runs
through a path of male shame.

The main drag - a red earthen way - winds through a number of tiny mud huts,
passing first by the home of Ildiphonse Muhayimana, a builder whose yet-to-be
installed iron roofing was seized by village elders this year not long after he
defaulted on a $110 (about R900) bank loan.

"He spent the money on women and liquor," said his loan officer, Abed
Muhawenimana.

Further down the way, teacher Enock Muvunji met a similar fate. His bike was
seized last month until he repays a $277 loan.

Yet venture up the road, and you reach the door of Jeanine Mukandayisenga.

The 29-year-old wife of a disabled army officer and mother of two took out a $50
microloan in 2005 with a plan to support her family. Her pitch: few people in
her neighbourhood owned cellphones, so she would buy one and charge a few cents
per call. She paid back the loan within a year.

Last year, she took out a $400 loan to open a mill for cassava flour. Her
businesses are earning the family a relatively princely sum of $650 a month.

Officials at Vision Finance, the microloan arm of World Vision International
that launched a programme in 2005 in this town of 40 000, said that, although
women make up the majority of borrowers, four out of five defaulters are men.

"They say that women care more about the family, but I do not know if that is
true," Mukandayisenga said. "I think it has more to do with the self-control
woman show in hard times. We know how to survive when men despair."

Perhaps it should come as no surprise that women have been key in reconstructing
Rwanda. In the effort to finance the reduction of poverty in the developing
world, many experts say that women simply make better investments.

The evidence has been building for years. In 1990, a study on poverty in Brazil
published in the Journal of Human Resources showed that the effect of money
managed by women in poor households was 20 times more likely to be spent on
improving conditions in the home than money managed by men.

In Bangladesh, the Grameen Bank founded by 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner
Muhammad Yunus has focused its poverty-busting microloans on women, with success
rates far higher for female than for male borrowers. Microloan programmes in
Africa, Asia and Latin America have shown similar results.

In India's great economic transformation of the past 15 years, states that have
the highest percentage of women in the labour force have grown the fastest as
well as had the largest reductions in poverty, according to the World Bank.

"We have overwhelming evidence from almost all the developing regions of the
world that [investment in] women makes better economics," said Winnie Byanyima,
the director of the United Nations Development Programme's gender team.

Today women hold about 48 percent of the seats in Rwanda's parliament, the
highest percentage in the world.

Success in economics mirrored the rise of women in politics. Today, 41 percent
of Rwandan businesses are owned by women - compared for instance with 18 percent
in Congo. Rwanda has the second-highest ratio of female entrepreneurs in Africa,
behind Ghana with 44 percent, according to the World Bank.

The ranks of female entrepreneurs were aided in part by returnees, largely from
Uganda and the United States.

Joy Ndungutse, 51, returned in the 1990s after working for years as a secretary
in Washington, DC.

"We came back to a country destroyed," said Ndungutse, who since her return has
built the largest non-agricultural export business in Rwanda.

"Women are being given an opportunity in this country to change their status,"
she said. "And they are certainly taking it." - The Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday
                                   M1 Edition

Noland under fire for fliers

BYLINE: By Kerry Lester klester@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 622 words


State Sen. Michael Noland is being criticized for what his Republican opponent
says are exaggerations included in two mailers about legislation passage, job
creation and construction funding.

Steve Rauschenberger, an Elgin Republican trying to reclaim the seat he held for
14 years, says his opponent is trying to "confuse the issues" with the mailers.

Noland says it's splitting hairs, all part of what he calls a calculated attack
by Illinois Republicans trying to create "frustration and chaos" before the Nov.
2 election.

The first, a flier paid for by Citizens for Noland, boasts that the Elgin
Democrat is committed to "public service that gets results" and that he has
effected change in three major areas: creating jobs, achieving ethics reform and
fighting for tax relief.

Noland's achievements are listed in bullet points under each area, with a
notation made to legislation where he served as a chief sponsor.

Under the "creating jobs" section, Noland notes he is the chief sponsor of
legislation providing microloans to small businesses.

The senator did sponsor the legislation, which passed the Senate but was then
amended in the House -- deleting all language dealing with the microloans, a
fact Noland acknowledged when asked about the issue.

The flier also boasts "$40 million and 500 jobs for Harper College" in
cooperation with local businesses, and "$18 million and 300 jobs for lifesaving
access to St. Alexius Hospital at the I-90 interchange and Barrington Road."
Both projects are contained within the 2009 capital bill, on which Noland is not
listed as a chief sponsor.

Phil Burdick, Harper College spokesman, said Noland, along with Senate President
John Cullerton, did help get Harper's Engineering and Technology Center
renovations on the capital funding list, but the project still is unfunded and
unscheduled.

Like the Harper project, the interchange project is on the capital funding list.
But because funding has not been secured, the project has not yet begun.

Rauschenberger held the 22nd Senate seat from 1992 to 2006, before vacating it
to run for lieutenant governor, a bid he lost. A former Senate appropriations
committee chairman, he said there is a major difference between funding being
appropriated and granted to specific projects.

"Historically, the governor and legislators wait until they actually have money
to release before they 'claim' projects. Given the current state budget
situation, ... there is significant risk that these projects may never be
funded," he said.

Noland said the claims are "not misleading at all, because these (projects) are
so far along. These tasks are all but complete. We just need, because of the way
the capital bill was written, we need the Republican caucuses to sign on the
dotted line to issue the bonds necessary."

In Noland's taxpayer-funded legislative update, which arrived in 22nd District
mailboxes last weekend, he mentioned on the front page he "helped our local
schools get $22 million in additional funding," legislation he sponsored that
was vetoed by Gov. Pat Quinn last month.

At the time, Noland described the veto as an "understandably calculated
decision" by Quinn. Pages into the mailing, Noland mentions the legislation
awaits the governor's signature.

On Friday, he acknowledged the mailing likely had been printed before the
governor's veto, but "in securing the $22 million we were able to secure the
appropriation through the legislature, and the governor vetoed it. We did our
part. ... The fight's not over yet," he said.

In June, Noland corrected an e-mail sent out by his private campaign asking for
donations that also listed his taxpayer-funded Springfield and Elgin offices,
which critics charged solicited donations from state property.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Rauschenberger Steve Rauschenberger Steve RauschenbergerMichael
Noland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

Detective is new chairman of finance board

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 197 words


Robert L. Turney of R.L. Turney Detective Agency has been elected chairman of
the Fitchburg Industrial Development Financing Authority at the board's annual
meeting earlier this month.

Angie Kirousis of Rollstone Bank & Trust, was elected vice chairman.

Anthony Tessi, who is retired, was elected treasurer.

According to a press release, the mission of the IDFA is to provide financial
assistance to small businesses and entrepreneurs in Fitchburg. Its goal is to
create one job for each $25,000 loaned by addressing the financial needs small
businesses have when starting or expanding their operation.

All loans provided are required to meet job creation, job retention or other
public benefit standards established under the Community Development Block Grant
program for the benefit of low- and moderate-income persons.

Funds for the Microloan Program are made available through the city's CDBG
program and are revolving.

For more information on the IDFA or its Microloan program, visit
DiscoverFitchburg.com, call (978) 345-9602, send an e-mail to
FitchburgEDO@net1plus.com, write the IDFA at 718 Main St., Fitchburg, MA 01420,
or visit the Economic Development Office, 180 Boulder Drive.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Banking on hope

BYLINE: Margo Purcell, For The Calgary Herald

SECTION: Q: QUERIES - QUIBBLES - QUIRKS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 774  words


Last year the power of microcredit was globally recognized when Mohammad Yunus
and his creation the Grameen Bank received the Nobel Peace Prize for their
incredible work giving life-changing funds to the world's poorest. The world
also recognized the hope that it gives to the poor receiving the funds as they
work tirelessly to end their own poverty and regain their dignity.

The full impact of microcredit can be found in the report from the Microcredit
Summit Campaign, a program of RESULTS Educational Fund USA whose goal is to give
microloans to 175 million of the world's poorest women by 2015. And while the
report gives an account of the incredible impact microfinance has had in the
past 10 years, it also warns that the field is taking a few ominous directions.

Let's start with the good news. In 2006 alone, 133 million clients received a
microloan and 93 million of those clients were among the world's poorest people,
those living on less than $1 a day. That 93 million figure is up 1,123 per cent
since 1997 when data was first collected.

Highlighted in the report is the groundbreaking work of Jamii Bora, a
microfinance group in Kenya that started eight years ago with loans to 50 street
beggars.

Some 700 Calgarians were fortunate enough to learn about Jamii Bora directly
from its founder Ingrid Munro at the 13th annual RESULTS Canada fundraiser in
October. Inspiring is an understatement. What began with loans to 50 beggars in
Nairobi has grown in eight short years to 170,000 savers and 60,000 borrowers.

When noticing a trend in clients struggling to pay back their loans, they
investigated and found that 93 per cent of those clients were using their loans
to pay medical bills. So, Jamii Bora created their own health insurance for
members. The cost for a family of four is $12 per year. A secondary result of
this insurance program was that it saved several mission hospitals from closing
due to the infusion of insurance premiums. Munro refused to seek donor funds for
this new venture "because then they would send a lot of consultants who would
tell us it's not possible to do what we had decided to do."

And on the note of consultants and expert advice, we must turn to the bad news.
The report addresses the misguided, expert advice from the World Bank, an
institution whose mission states it seeks "a world free of poverty." The past
two presidents of the World Bank have ignored over 1,200 members of Parliament
from around the world who have requested that half of World Bank microfinance
funds be given to people living on less than $1 a day. There has been a minor
shift from new World Bank president Robert Zoellick as he discussed the issue in
October with 29 members of the U.S. House and Senate.

Tragically, talking is all he has done. Discussing the issue will not save the
26,500 children dying each day from largely preventable malnutrition and disease
or help the nearly one billion people living on less than $1 a day.

The importance of getting the World Bank and other development funds to the very
poor is all the more evident with another piece of bad news in the report. This
news came from an IPO that netted some $400 million for initial investors when
they sold one-third of the Mexican microfinance institution, Compartamos.
Compartamos' practice of charging clients 100 per cent each year in interest and
other fees brought a strong reaction from Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Muhammad
Yunus. "Microcredit should be about helping the poor to get out of poverty by
protecting them from the moneylenders, not creating new ones."

So in the report, along with the good news comes some bad news. For those who
attended the RESULTS Canada fundraiser in Calgary, the message was clear --
those who have been touched by microcredit have had extremely positive changes
in their lives and there remain many left to be reached.

We live in a privileged country that a century ago saw massive immigration of
the world's poorest people leaving their countries in search of new opportunity.
The ancestors of Canadians were much like the members of Jamii Bora and in
Canada we have a voice that can be heard more readily than that of the world's
poorest.

So, to exercise your voice, take action to shape the world into the place you
wish it to be.

If that includes giving opportunity to the world's poorest to access
microcredit, allowing for a dignified route out of poverty, then phone, write or
talk to your own member of Parliament and let him or her know.

As Ingrid Munro told the Calgary audience "It doesn't matter where you came
from. What matters is where you want to go."

Margo Purcell is a partner with RESULTS Canada

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: (See hard copy for graphic). ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Herts Advertiser

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 277 words


THIRD World women will get a helping hand to lift them out of poverty thanks to
the fundraising efforts of workers from a St Albans company.

In October the Language Factory's Claire Scammell and Donaji Edwins will embark
on a three-day trek up Mount Mulanje in Malawi, one of Africa's poorest
countries.



The project managers at the Campfield Road company are taking part in this
expedition in aid of The Microloan Foundation, a charity that funds women to set
up their own sustainable businesses.

Claire, 27, of Lattimore Road, explained that she and Donaji decided to take
part in the trek after the charity gave an inspiring talk at their offices.

She went on: "We decided we wanted to take part and Shona Lochart, the owner of
our company, offered to cover our entire costs of around £1,700 and match the
amount we raise."

When the pair travel to South East Africa they will join a loan officer for a
day and see the impact of their fundraising efforts on the local community.

Donaji added: "The whole experience is so heart-warming, MicroLoan are doing
such amazing work, I feel very inspired to help them as much as I can by taking
part in the trek.

"It is amazing that we can help women in Africa work towards a better future and
just the idea of this makes me very happy!"

Claire, who took part in the recent St Albans Half Marathon, added: "If you make
a donation it really does go to the woman who have these fantastic ideas. And
because they have 99.9 per cent recycle rate any donation is used time and time
again to help more women."

Anyone wishing to sponsor Claire and Donaji can do so by visiting their Just
Giving website at www.justgiving.com/Claire-Donaji

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HAD


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday
                                National Edition

Ebay founder starts $100M microfinance fund

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP20

LENGTH: 206  words


EBay Inc. founder Pierre Omidyar and his wife Pamela said yesterday they gave
US$100-million in eBay stock to Massachusetts' Tufts University to create a fund
that will invest in international microfinance, or lending to people who are too
poor to qualify for traditional loans. Tufts will keep 50% of the fund's income,
while the other 50% will be reinvested in new microloans. The stock in the
online auctioneer will be sold incrementally over time, according to a
spokeswoman for Mr. Omidyar. The couple expects the Omidyar-Tufts Microfinance
Fund, in addition to supporting their alma mater, to spark a cycle of investment
that could exceed US$1-billion over the next decade, as loan capital is repaid
with interest and lent out again. "Microloans enable the poor to lift themselves
out of poverty through entrepreneurship," said Mr. Omidyar, pictured, in a
statement, adding that "the microfinance industry can be a profitable business."
Microfinance loans average US$600 and are typically used by struggling
entrepreneurs to sustain and grow their businesses. The couple founded its
investment group, the Omidyar Network, in June, 2004, to invest in areas such as
microfinance, open source technology and transparency in government.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: (Pierre Omidyar).

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Microfinance Focus

                              May 1, 2012 Tuesday

Mangolia to Benefit from Microfinance and Carbon Credit Deal

LENGTH: 650 words

DATELINE: India


India, May 1 -- Citi's London-based Environmental Products Trading and
Origination team, working with Citi Microfinance, has agreed to purchase 1.17
million metric tonnes of carbon credits over the next seven years from
Seattle-based social enterprise MicroEnergy Credits. This deal also combines
microloans in Mongolia with the sale of carbon credits on the European Union
Emissions Trading Scheme (EU ETS).

The carbon credits will be generated by capturing reductions of greenhouse gas
emissions following the installation of more efficient household insulation and
heating fixtures in Ulaanbaatar, the capital and largest city in Mongolia. The
purchase and installation of the fixtures will be funded through microloans from
Mongolia's XacBank.

With this arrangement a XacBank customer will purchase an energy efficient stove
or home insulation products like a "ger blanket," which covers a ger, the
traditional and ubiquitous Mongolian portable tent-like structures in which more
than one quarter of the Ulaanbaatar population lives. Gers are traditionally
under-insulated and heated by inefficient coal-burning stoves that contribute to
Ulaanbaatar's especially severe air pollution. Ger blankets greatly increase
heat retention, and, like energy efficient stoves, lower the rate of fossil fuel
consumption and carbon emissions.

The reductions in household emissions accrued through the use of energy
efficient fixtures will be earned by XacBank clients and then assigned to
MicroEnergy Credits, which develops carbon finance projects and brings clean
energy to low income microfinance households in developing countries.
MicroEnergy Credits will then quantify, aggregate, and sell the credits to Citi,
who will monetize these credits on the open market through its Environmental
Products Trading and Origination team. Portions of the proceeds from Citi's
carbon credit purchase will be distributed by MicroEnergy Credits back to
XacBank, allowing the Mongolian lender to expand its clean energy program, build
additional marketing and distribution centers, and increase access to affordable
clean energy loans.

Bob Annibale, Global Director of Citi Microfinance and Community Development
said, "Citi and our partners collaborated to design a carbon credit financing
chain that connects and values energy saved at the household level with global
emission reduction targets and markets. Together, we are creating the capacity
for Ulaanbaatar residents, living in gers, to access credit to make home energy
efficiency improvements, save money, and limit their harmful environmental
impact. It is a great example of using creative micro financing to address
client and community needs, and a model that can be applied in other initiatives
and countries."

April Allderdice, CEO, MicroEnergy Credits, "MicroEnergy Credits provides the
carbon monitoring and aggregating system to be sure these carbon incentives
reach the people that can use them. Agreements like this one allow low income
families to use microfinance to clean the environment and improve their quality
of life."

The first carbon credits are expected to be available for purchase by Citi in
March 2013. The program is in the process of being registered and approved
through the Clean Development Mechanism run by the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).

Citi, the global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does
business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. MicroEnergy Credits is a
financial intermediary which links microfinance institutions to the carbon
markets when they lend for clean energy. XacBank is one of Mongolia's banks,
serving Micro customers, Small and Medium-sized Businesses as well as large
corporations with a range of inclusive banking, fair investment and other
financial products and services. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Microfinance Focus.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                     Copyright 2012 Ekayana Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Passing up small-business loans

BYLINE: BY PHYLLIS FURMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 278 words


SMALL BUSINESS lending is down - but it's not just because it's hard to get a
loan these days.

In fact, many small-business owners in the New York area think their shot at
getting a loan is so low they haven't even bothered to apply.

Nearly 60% of business owners polled by the Federal Reserve of New York didn't
apply for a loan, and of that group, half said they were too discouraged.

"Weaker firms are self selecting out of the credit market," Claire Kramer, an
officer in the regional and community outreach office of the New York Fed told
the Daily News. "It suggests that firms are in repair mode."

Even as the economy has recovered, the number of small-business loans - $1
million or less - declined by 4.7% nationally in 2011, according to federal
regulators.

In trying to learn why lending is down, the New York Fed also found that demand
for microloans is high and so is the denial rate.

Of those who applied for loans, 58% tried to secure microloans of $100,000 or
less and they faced higher denial rates than borrowers seeking larger loans.

In general, access to capital was the biggest growth barrier for the
small-business owners who participated in the survey.

But while New York area businesses are finding it hard to get credit, they are
still focused on restoring their businesses.

"Many said they are focused on cutting costs," Kramer said. "They are investing
in new products. They are fighters."

The poll offered more reasons to be optimistic about the future for small
businesses in New York. Many who were turned down for a loan said they plan to
reapply.

"They are resilient," Kramer said. "They are going back to the credit
markets."pfurman

@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Landlady gets funding to achieve gastro dream

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 197 words


WASHINGTON pub the Three Horse Shoes has opened with a combined microbrewery,
following a £40,000 slice of funding. Landlady Sharon Deehan bought the premises
in December 2014 with the view to building it into a top North East gastro pub.

Now a £40,000 loan from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund,
managed by Rivers Capital Partners, has helped her to revamp the venue.

Ms Deehan has used the funding to refurbish and restore the furnishings and to
establish the microbrewery that will produce beer to be sold in-house.

The pub - which is located near the Nissan factory and aircraft museum - will
offer local beers, cognacs and whiskies and food from 12pm, seven days a week.

Ms Deehan, who has run successful pub ventures before, spotted the potential for
the centuryold pub and its restaurant, known as the "backroom", that features a
wood burning stove and a new outdoor seating area.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "It is a
charismatic building with a vibrant atmosphere. It is great to see the Microloan
Fund is able to help maintain such a historic, local structure. I hope Sharon
will achieve her previous success with this new venture."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                              July 5, 2005 Tuesday

PROVINCIAL BANKS MAY SOON USE G-CASH

LENGTH: 503 words


GLOBE Telecom Inc. said that it may allow the Rural Bank Association of the
Philippines to use its G-Cash to provide more efficient and greater access to
microcredit facilities for various communities in the country. G-Cash is a
service that enables stored value to be moved from person-to-person, from
phone-to-phone.

"As the role of microfinance in national development and poverty alleviation
becomes increasingly important, there is a need to look for opportunities in an
active sufficiency and reach for the benefit of a greater number of Filipinos
using Globe's G-Cash service," Gerardo C. Ablaza Jr., president and chief
executive of Globe, told attendees of the Corporate Social Responsibility Expo
2005.

As of June this year, there are one million subscribers registered to the
service moving about P2-million worth of stored-value credits every day to
transfer funds and make payments, he revealed.

Ablaza said it is the right time to pursue the use of latest technology to help
make microfinance more efficient and viable; adding that the rural bankers were
among those who first understood the vision of G-Cash and the significant impact
it could have in their mission.

Ablaza pointed out that the mandate of rural banks is to enable credit and
deposit mobilization to rural areas where people are inadequately served by
commercial thrift banks.

To date, Ablaza further said that rural banks have over 500,000 borrowers with
microloans ranging from P5,000 to P150,000 with terms of three to 12 months.
Microloan amortization of P1,000 is typical in the rural areas, he added.

With its capability of transferring cash values through text, Ablaza said G-Cash
enables borrowers their loan amortization or make deposits anytime, anywhere. At
the same time, it eliminates the need of going to the branch, which will cut
expenses, as borrowers need not to spend on transportation to make loan
payments.

"We learned that microfinance borrowers can spend up to half a day to visit and
transact to the branch," Ablaza said.

For the rural banks, he added that the G-Cash presents opportunities to reduce
collection costs by relying less on collectors and redirecting these resources
instead to expanding their base of borrowers.

Since payment through G-Cash is electronic, Ablaza said transaction processing
may be automated, resulting in lower back-office cost.

Besides the RBAP, Ablaza said the company also targets to help the Bureau of
Internal Revenue to enable the payment of annual business-license fees using
G-Cash.

Ablaza said Globe saw an excellent opportunity of extending the short messaging
service, or text messaging, to services that go beyond basic communication and
into the field of transactions.

With the familiarity with and trust for text messaging, Ablaza said such
technology led them to think that the mobile phone is ripe for becoming an
instrument for transactions vis-a-vis a tool for communications, which paved the
way for the industry's most innovation breakthrough-the G-Cash. Paul Anthony A.
Isla

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Contracts/Orders

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Paradigm Shift

                      3472 Research Parkway Suite 104-401
                          Colorado Springs,  CO 80920
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 376-9961
URL: www.shiftingparadigms.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Founded in 2007, Paradigm Shift is a Christian non-profit organization that
trains churches to more effectively serve the poor in their communities.
Specifically, we show churches how to provide business training, microloans,
mentorship, and biblical discipleship as methods of ministering to entrepreneurs
with small businesses (typically earning less than $10 per day).  Ultimately,
the goal of Paradigm Shift is to see the local church serve the poor, and for
the poor to come to know Christ while being empowered with the skills and
opportunity to provide for themselves and their families. We believe the church,
like Christ, should be at the forefront of meeting both the physical and
spiritual needs of its community.  My role with Paradigm Shift is the Business
Development Coordinator, which entails monitoring and evaluating the small
businesses of entrepreneurs who receive microloans through our program.
Initially I will be helping to develop the underwriting and structuring of the
microloans. In the future I will also be visiting the townships where the
entrepreneurs operate their small businesses to analyze best practices as well
as impediments to success.  I am excited to see people be empowered to lift
themselves out of poverty. The resulting improvements in nutrition, education,
and healthcare can have a multi-generational impact in South Africa. But most of
all I hope the entrepreneurs in our program see the love of God through us and
enter into a relationship with Him t

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

NM in line for USDA development loans (3:49 a.m.)

BYLINE: By The Asociated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Business organizations in 22 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive support.

"A strong rural America and a strong agricultural industry go hand in hand,"
said Vilsack. "These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to
rural residents and communities. They will help organizations expand job and
economic opportunities in rural communities across the nation."

The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by Deputy Under Secretary
for Rural Development Doug O'Brien during a trip to Ames, Iowa to address the
Rural Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES).The funding being provided through the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Recipients are development
organizations that make loans to microenterprises and microentreprenuers and
provide business-based training and technical assistance to rural
micro-borrowers.

For example, in New Mexico, both the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund,
Inc. and the Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST) were included
in the Secretary's announcement.

"Now more than ever, New Mexico's small businesses need access to credit," said
USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner. He added, "We are pleased
to partner with the NM Community Development Loan fund and WESST to help finance
small businesses around New Mexico that need help with their start up or
expansion."

Both organizations will create rural microloan revolving fund program that will
make loans and provide technical assistance to rural business-owners and
microenterprises in various rural counties in New Mexico.

Funding for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreement.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack the President wants the federal government to be the best
possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs creating job
opportunities and for people who want to live, work, and raise their families in
rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $155 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund, Inc.: $500,000 loan; $105,000 grant
to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST): $400,000 loan; $100,000
grant to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Data Collection Available for Public Comments

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:




   SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Data Collection Available for Public Comments
ACTION: 60-day notice and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Small Business Administration (SBA) intends to request approval, from the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for the collection of information
described below. The Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995, 44 U.S.C Chapter 35
requires federal agencies to publish a notice in the Federal Register concerning
each proposed collection of information before submission to OMB, and to allow
60 days for public comment in response to the notice. This notice complies with
that requirement. DATES: Submit comments on or before December 29, 2015.
ADDRESSES: Send all comments to Daniel Upham, Chief, Microenterprise Development
Division, Office of Capital Access, Small Business Administration, 395 E Street,
Patriots Plaza, Washington, DC 20416. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Daniel
Upham, Chief, Microenterprise Development Division, Office of Capital Access,
Daniel.upham@sba.gov 202-205-7001, or Curtis B. Rich, Management Analyst,
202-205-7030,

   curtis.rich@sba.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Information collection is
needed to ensure that Microloan Program activity meets the statutory goals of
assisting mandated target market. The information is used by the reporting
participants and the SBA to assist with portfolio management, risk management,
loan servicing, oversight and compliance, data management and understanding of
short and long term trends and development of outcome measures. Solicitation of
Public Comments SBA is requesting comments on (a) Whether the collection of
information is necessary for the agency to properly perform its functions; (b)
whether the burden estimates are accurate; (c) whether there are ways to
minimize the burden, including through the use of automated techniques or other
forms of information technology; and (d) whether there are ways to enhance the
quality, utility, and clarity of the information. Summary of Information
Collection Title: Microloan Program Electronic Reporting System (MPERS)
(MPERsystem). Description of Respondents: SBA reporting participants in the
Microloan Program. Form Number: N/A. Total Estimated Annual Responses: 170.
Total Estimated Annual Hour Burden: 3,080. Curtis B. Rich, Management Analyst.
[FR Doc. 2015-27756 Filed 10-29-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 8025-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           December 16, 2006 Saturday

Forced by poverty to breastfeed -which could mean death for her twins

BYLINE: Nick Britten

SECTION: NEWS; INTERNATIONAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 594 words


AS SHE breastfeeds her three-month-old twins, James and John, Asina Ajabu is
playing a lottery with lives that have barely begun.

Ajabu is HIV positive but has deliberately not been told that breastfeeding is
highly infectious and that, in effect, she risks passing on a death sentence
every time she raises her children to her breast.

Incredibly, she and millions of new mothers in Malawi who, like her, carry HIV,
are ordered to breastfeed, but only for the first six months.

It may appear illogical but there is no alternative. Mothers like Ajabu cannot
afford powdered milk so are faced with a seemingly unwinnable situation: either
breastfeed the babies and risk passing on HIV or they starve to death.

The medical reasoning is that for six months, babies' defences against
contracting HIV are at their strongest, boosted by an injection of
anti-retroviral drugs when they are 72 hours old.

After that, their ability to stave off the virus drops sharply, but because of a
lack of food, money and medical assistance, mothers are too often forced to
continue breastfeeding and play an increasingly dangerous game with their
children's lives.

Nearly one million people are estimated to be living with Aids in Malawi. While
the national rate hovers between 15 and 20 per cent, anecdotal evidence suggests
that in poorer areas it is as high as 50 per cent.

It is estimated that 1.2 million children have been left orphaned, a figure
expected to double by 2010.

Since 2003, when a major programme to tackle the epidemic was announced,
charities and government organisations from Britain and America have pumped
millions of pounds into Aids programmes.

The money is having an effect - prevalence rates in urban areas are falling -
but it is also clear that outside the towns and cities, efforts are being
hampered by a lack of education and the unwillingness of men to turn their backs
on promiscuity.

It is not just the infected who suffer. More than a million orphans are looked
after by relatives, forcing them into further poverty with extra mouths to feed.

The MicroLoan Foundation - one of the Telegraph Christmas Appeal's charities
this year - which gives business loans to women in Malawi to help them become
self-sufficient, can do much to help affected families but the charity knows the
underlying problems have to be addressed.

Ajabu is a member of the Vinjenje support group in Nkhotakota, a town in central
Malawi, formed to offer help members and spread the message about Aids. Some
members were lent money by MicroLoan to buy chickens and sell eggs, but the
scheme failed as one by one those involved in that co-operative, apart from
Ajabu, died. The group is currently organising a loan to buy a maize mill.

She said: "I find it incredibly distressing to think that my babies might have
HIV. Sometimes it gets too much for me and I take them to the hospital to be
tested. But they send me away saying they cannot test them until they are one
year old.

"The problem is that men hide away and continue to be promiscuous. If they find
you have HIV, they dump you and find another wife and spread it to her. None of
them takes responsibility.''

The MicroLoan Foundation is heavily involved in AIDS education and health
protection, working alongside specialist charities. Two years ago the charity
conducted a series of in-depth studies and began pilot educational projects.

Peter Ryan, executive chairman of the charity, says: "We decided early on that
you cannot divorce the effective provision of micro credit to a community from
the realities of the health situation.''

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday

Microlending takes off in the Bay Area; small businesses reap the rewards

BYLINE: By Patrick May pmay@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1183 words


When Caitlin McShane looks down San Francisco's Mission Street, she doesn't see
taco joints and bodegas bulging with ripe fruit. She sees sharks.

"Look over there -- payday loans,'' says the spokeswoman for San Jose-based
Opportunity Fund, a Bay Area-based microlending nonprofit that helps small
businesses get off the ground or expand. "And there's a check-cashing place on
the corner. There's a pawnbroker, a loan office, and another payday loan place.
People are getting into debt to loan sharks and even pawning their things to
keep their businesses from going under. It's a mess, and this is what we're
competing against.''

Sixteen years after making its first loan of $17,000 to San Jose's Treasure
Chest Aquarium, Opportunity Fund has become the country's third-largest
microlender and a star player in the burgeoning realm of microfinance, much of
it clustered right here in the Bay Area. And while microloans are more often
associated with helping goat farmers in Uganda than food trucks in Oakland,
they've become an increasingly popular method of alternative financing for small
businesses, many of them struggling beneath the crushing weight of the Great
Recession.

"The growth rate of microfinance around the world is astounding, growing faster
than worldwide Internet usage,'' says Sean Foote, a venture capitalist who
teaches a course on the subject at UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business. "Here
in the U.S., it's a relatively new trend, but with 25 million 'unranked' people
without access to credit, there's a huge market out there and the role of
microlenders will continue to expand.''

Manuel Godino, a 47-year-old chef from Buenos Aires who came to the United
States after Argentina's currency crisis in 2001, is a beneficiary of the trend.
After running his nascent empanada business out of rented kitchens, Godino got a
$45,000 loan at 7.5 percent interest from Opportunity Fund, opened a small
restaurant this summer on Valencia Street in San Francisco, and has already
hired eight full- and part-time employees.

"I looked all over for someone to give me money, but I had no credit,'' he said,
cranking out dozens of steaming empanadas for his lunchtime faithful. "I was
able to show the lender that even though I had no credit, there was a big demand
for my product. I could never have done this or hired these workers if I hadn't
gotten that loan.''

He's got a lot of colorful company -- local microloans have helped a robot
startup, a cupcake vendor, San Jose dry cleaners converting their operations to
green businesses, and even a hair salon that becomes an art gallery by night.

Locally based groups with a hand in microlending include the Women's Initiative
for Self Employment, which helps low-income women start small businesses with
training and financing, and Urban Solutions, a San Francisco service working to
facilitate loans for entrepreneurs who may have impaired credit or who lack
collateral. Along with so-called peer-to-peer lending sites like Prosper, and
other startups that connect individual lenders with borrowers online,
microlenders are a compelling piece of a parallel banking system supporting the
self-employed and others with little or no access to traditional banking
services.

With funding from foundations, individual donors and banks themselves,
microlenders have been able to help thousands of aspiring business owners who
otherwise would be shut out from getting seed money or forced to take out
high-interest loans. Rob Garcia, formerly head of peer-to-peer lending network
Lending Club, says a main reason people have trouble going the traditional route
is that banks see small loans as a hassle.

"Imagine a large bank having to spend all those resources managing thousands of
these different small loans,'' he says. "These big banks are looking to give a
million or two or three. So if you have a food truck or a small alteration shop
working out of your garage, you have to try other options.''

Garcia says these alternative forms of financing often have a do-good element
built in, so individual lenders can "do something right for people who need the
money but are unranked or under-banked.'' That's industry lingo for an entire
subculture of Americans with either no credit history, bad credit or a lack of
financial literacy, a problem common among recent immigrants who easily fall
prey to predatory lenders.

San Francisco-based nonprofit Kiva, perhaps the best-known microfinance outfit
around, has mushroomed from a small lending project launched in a Ugandan
village to become a powerhouse nonprofit, with 100 employees doing $100 million
annually in loans to groups and individuals in 60 countries. In 2009, Kiva began
domestic lending, partnering with Opportunity Fund in the Bay Area and other
microlenders around the country.

CEO and co-founder Matt Flannery, 34, says that despite its growth, microlending
in the United States faces different challenges than it does overseas. For
starters, there are higher costs and more red tape getting a business up and
running, he says. "These kinds of loans are really important,'' says Flannery,
"and we need to make the system more efficient.''

Rich Schlarb was a trucker in trouble when opportunity knocked. After starting
his one-rig RLR Transportation in San Jose in 2006, Schlarb soon found himself
swimming in debt from credit cards and other high-interest loans, including a
nearly 15 percent truck loan from a local dealer. After his wife lost her job,
Schlarb realized "that if I didn't reorganize all this debt somehow, we were
going to be in serious trouble.''

Securing a microloan for $45,000 took nearly half a year of vetting. But when he
locked it in February, Schlarb was able to pay off the more onerous loans, then
use his savings for deferred maintenance on the truck. "If it weren't for the
microloan,'' he said, "I don't think our business could have kept going.''

Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689 or follow him at patmaymerc on Twitter .two
bay area stars of microfinance
OPPORTUNITY FUND
Leader: Eric Weaver, CEO and founder
Launched: 1995
Staff: 43 employees, with 13 of them in the microloan program
Lending activity: to date, more than 1,700 small-business loans totaling over
$19 million
Lending last year: provided 387 small business loans totaling $4.9 million;
offers loans ranging from $500 to $100,000 at low, fixed interest rates
Offices: San Jose (main office, 111 W. St. John Street, Suite 800), San
Francisco (785 Market St., Suite 1700) and a lending office at Plaza Adelante in
The Mission District (2301 Mission St.)
For more information: www.opportunityfund.org or (408) 297-0204

Kiva
Leader: Matt Flannery, co-founder & CEO
Launched: 2005
Lending activity: to date, $255 million to borrowers around the world
Lenders: over 630,000 people have made a loan through Kiva
Borrowers: over 660,000 have received loans through Kiva
Sphere of service: Kiva works with a network of 145 microfinance institutions in
61 countries, including the United States
Location: 875 Howard Street, Suite 340, San Francisco
For more information: www.kiva.org
Source: Opportunity Fund, Kiva

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday

Microlending takes off in the Bay Area; small businesses reap the rewards

BYLINE: By Patrick May pmay@mercurynews.com

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Financial Markets; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 1183 words


When Caitlin McShane looks down San Francisco's Mission Street, she doesn't see
taco joints and bodegas bulging with ripe fruit. She sees sharks.

"Look over there -- payday loans,'' says the spokeswoman for San Jose-based
Opportunity Fund, a Bay Area-based microlending nonprofit that helps small
businesses get off the ground or expand. "And there's a check-cashing place on
the corner. There's a pawnbroker, a loan office, and another payday loan place.
People are getting into debt to loan sharks and even pawning their things to
keep their businesses from going under. It's a mess, and this is what we're
competing against.''

Sixteen years after making its first loan of $17,000 to San Jose's Treasure
Chest Aquarium, Opportunity Fund has become the country's third-largest
microlender and a star player in the burgeoning realm of microfinance, much of
it clustered right here in the Bay Area. And while microloans are more often
associated with helping goat farmers in Uganda than food trucks in Oakland,
they've become an increasingly popular method of alternative financing for small
businesses, many of them struggling beneath the crushing weight of the Great
Recession.

"The growth rate of microfinance around the world is astounding, growing faster
than worldwide Internet usage,'' says Sean Foote, a venture capitalist who
teaches a course on the subject at UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business. "Here
in the U.S., it's a relatively new trend, but with 25 million 'unranked' people
without access to credit, there's a huge market out there and the role of
microlenders will continue to expand.''

Manuel Godino, a 47-year-old chef from Buenos Aires who came to the United
States after Argentina's currency crisis in 2001, is a beneficiary of the trend.
After running his nascent empanada business out of rented kitchens, Godino got a
$45,000 loan at 7.5 percent interest from Opportunity Fund, opened a small
restaurant this summer on Valencia Street in San Francisco, and has already
hired eight full- and part-time employees.

"I looked all over for someone to give me money, but I had no credit,'' he said,
cranking out dozens of steaming empanadas for his lunchtime faithful. "I was
able to show the lender that even though I had no credit, there was a big demand
for my product. I could never have done this or hired these workers if I hadn't
gotten that loan.''

He's got a lot of colorful company -- local microloans have helped a robot
startup, a cupcake vendor, San Jose dry cleaners converting their operations to
green businesses, and even a hair salon that becomes an art gallery by night.

Locally based groups with a hand in microlending include the Women's Initiative
for Self Employment, which helps low-income women start small businesses with
training and financing, and Urban Solutions, a San Francisco service working to
facilitate loans for entrepreneurs who may have impaired credit or who lack
collateral. Along with so-called peer-to-peer lending sites like Prosper, and
other startups that connect individual lenders with borrowers online,
microlenders are a compelling piece of a parallel banking system supporting the
self-employed and others with little or no access to traditional banking
services.

With funding from foundations, individual donors and banks themselves,
microlenders have been able to help thousands of aspiring business owners who
otherwise would be shut out from getting seed money or forced to take out
high-interest loans. Rob Garcia, formerly head of peer-to-peer lending network
Lending Club, says a main reason people have trouble going the traditional route
is that banks see small loans as a hassle.

"Imagine a large bank having to spend all those resources managing thousands of
these different small loans,'' he says. "These big banks are looking to give a
million or two or three. So if you have a food truck or a small alteration shop
working out of your garage, you have to try other options.''

Garcia says these alternative forms of financing often have a do-good element
built in, so individual lenders can "do something right for people who need the
money but are unranked or under-banked.'' That's industry lingo for an entire
subculture of Americans with either no credit history, bad credit or a lack of
financial literacy, a problem common among recent immigrants who easily fall
prey to predatory lenders.

San Francisco-based nonprofit Kiva, perhaps the best-known microfinance outfit
around, has mushroomed from a small lending project launched in a Ugandan
village to become a powerhouse nonprofit, with 100 employees doing $100 million
annually in loans to groups and individuals in 60 countries. In 2009, Kiva began
domestic lending, partnering with Opportunity Fund in the Bay Area and other
microlenders around the country.

CEO and co-founder Matt Flannery, 34, says that despite its growth, microlending
in the United States faces different challenges than it does overseas. For
starters, there are higher costs and more red tape getting a business up and
running, he says. "These kinds of loans are really important,'' says Flannery,
"and we need to make the system more efficient.''

Rich Schlarb was a trucker in trouble when opportunity knocked. After starting
his one-rig RLR Transportation in San Jose in 2006, Schlarb soon found himself
swimming in debt from credit cards and other high-interest loans, including a
nearly 15 percent truck loan from a local dealer. After his wife lost her job,
Schlarb realized "that if I didn't reorganize all this debt somehow, we were
going to be in serious trouble.''

Securing a microloan for $45,000 took nearly half a year of vetting. But when he
locked it in February, Schlarb was able to pay off the more onerous loans, then
use his savings for deferred maintenance on the truck. "If it weren't for the
microloan,'' he said, "I don't think our business could have kept going.''

Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689 or follow him at patmaymerc on Twitter .

two bay area stars of microfinance

OPPORTUNITY FUND
Leader: Eric Weaver, CEO and founder
Launched: 1995
Staff: 43 employees, with 13 of them in the microloan program
Lending activity: to date, more than 1,700 small-business loans totaling over
$19 million
Lending last year: provided 387 small business loans totaling $4.9 million;
offers loans ranging from $500 to $100,000 at low, fixed interest rates
Offices: San Jose (main office, 111 W. St. John Street, Suite 800), San
Francisco (785 Market St., Suite 1700) and a lending office at Plaza Adelante in
The Mission District (2301 Mission St.)
For more information: www.opportunityfund.org or (408) 297-0204

Kiva
Leader: Matt Flannery, co-founder & CEO
Launched: 2005
Lending activity: to date, $255 million to borrowers around the world
Lenders: over 630,000 people have made a loan through Kiva
Borrowers: over 660,000 have received loans through Kiva
Sphere of service: Kiva works with a network of 145 microfinance institutions in
61 countries, including the United States
Location: 875 Howard Street, Suite 340, San Francisco
For more information: www.kiva.org
Source: Opportunity Fund, Kiva

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caitlin McShane points out some of the small businesses along Mission
St. during a walking tour of the Mission District in San Francisco on Wednesday,
Nov. 2, 2011. McShane is a marketing and communications manager for the
Opportunity Fund. The company is a non-profit lender designed to help small
business owners who need loans, but don't often qualify for conventional bank
loans or can't borrow on credit cards. (Gary Reyes / Mercury News)
Georgia Rew cuts Gloria Trujeque's hair at her salon called the Pretty Pretty
Collective (cq) in San Francisco on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2011. Rew borrowed money
from the Opportunity Fund to improve her Mission District shop. Opportunity Fund
is a small non-profit lender designed to help small business owners who need
loans, but don't often qualify for conventional bank loans or can't borrow on
credit cards. (Gary Reyes / Mercury News)
Manuel Godino, owner of Venga! Empanadas, loads an oven with fresh empanadas at
his Mission District shop in San Francisco on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2011. Godino
took out a $45,000 loan from the Opportunity Fund to help him make improvements.
The Opportunity Fund is a non-profit lender designed to help small business
owners who need loans, but don't often qualify for conventional bank loans or
can't borrow on credit cards. (Gary Reyes / Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

Switching From Grants To Loans

BYLINE: Vicky Robson

SECTION: A; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 573 words


PERHAPS more than any other entrepreneurs, social entrepreneurs are feeling the
pinch as the purse strings of public sector spending become well and truly
squeezed.

Public sector cuts and the move away from large-scale grant availability is
demanding different approaches to sourcing finance, particularly in third sector
organisations.

An added challenge is that, traditionally, such organisations have found it
difficult to access mainstream finance, with banks often not appreciating the
business models or potential returns on investment.

But the tide is turning.

Launched in May this year, the new £5m Finance for Business North East Microloan
Fund can help. The Fund aims to support start-ups and small enterprises -
including social enterprises and civil society organisations - and the first
success stories are starting to emerge.

County Durham-based Digworld, a community interest company which has designed
and manufactured the first complete, lightweight gardening system of its kind in
the UK - known as "an allotment in a box" - is celebrating following the recent
approval of their application to the fund.

Commenting on the application process, Keith Gibson, Digworld director said: "We
found the application process very straightforward and the support we received
from the Entrust team was invaluable.

"Given that grant funding for charities and social enterprises has dried up
across many sectors, as a third sector organisation ourselves, this loan will
enable us to continue to develop our product range and expand into new markets
in a sustainable way."

Providing unsecured loans of between £1,000 and £25,000 to support new and
established organisations who have failed to secure funding from banks and other
mainstream sources, the Microloan Fund is managed by regional business support
organisation Entrust on behalf of North East Finance.

It is providing a lifeline for many of the region's third sector organisations.

Entrust is keen to point out that this new loan fund is open to third sector
enterprises on exactly the same basis as "for profit" organisations.

Recognising, however, that many in the sector may not have accessed debt finance
previously as part of their activities, Entrust, working  with the Third Sector
Capacity Fund, can provide bespoke advice and  guidance that social enterprises
may require when considering debt finance.

Entrust's advisers can determine whether loan finance is right for individual
organisations and provide step by step guidance.

This one-to-one investment readiness support manifests itself in tailored
solutions ranging from financial management, compliance, and quality assurance,
to hands on support with the "form filling" when applying for a loan.

Entrust's chief executive, Dan Brophy, said: "This is a really exciting
opportunity for organisations in the region to access the funds they need to
survive and grow in these difficult times particularly given the lack of grant
funding available.

"We are delighted that third sector enterprises are among those successfully
applying to the new fund and we would urge others to take action and come and
talk to us."

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund is a collaboration between
the European Investment Bank (EIB), European Regional Development Fund (ERDF)
and regional development agency, One North East (ONE). To find out more, please
contact Entrust on 0191 244 4000, or email s.belton@entrust.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            July 15, 2015 Wednesday

Microbrewery plots expansion after funding boost

BYLINE: Steven Hugill

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words


A MICROBREWERY is plotting increased exports, higher turnover and a move to a
new base, after receiving a cash injection.

Black Paw Brewery, in Bishop Auckland, has secured £25,000 backing from the
Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, which aims to help smaller
companies grow.

Black Paw, founded by Phil Whitfield in 2011, makes and distributes real ale,
selling its speciality casks locally and nationally.

The firm makes six year-round beers, and Mr Whitfield says the loan will allow
him to set up a website to send ale easier, triple turnover in three years, and
potentially buy new premises.

He was supported by Rivers Capital Partners to gain the funding, and Nikita
Bazko, fund manager at the firm, which has offices in Newcastle and
Middlesbrough, said: "It has been a pleasure working with Phil.

"Turning a hobby into a business is something a lot of people dream of doing,
and we're happy that the Microloan Fund was there to help him take Black Paw to
the next step."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Six counties in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 363 words


Mayor backs microlending:

An initiative to offer small loans -- known as microloans -- to small businesses
in Chicago is expanding. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and City Treasurer Stephanie
Neely announced a partnership to invest an additional $1 million in the program.
The goal is to support about 300 new small businesses by 2016. The city launched
the Chicago Microlending Institute in May 2012. To date, more than 110
small-business owners have borrowed more than $900,000. About a third of the
loans have been for amounts less than $5,000. The loans were made by Accion
Chicago, the Women's Business Development Center and Chicago Neighborhood
Initiatives. Borrowers report the microloans made it possible for their
businesses to expand to second locations, fund new projects and maintain or
create jobs.

Arrest made in 1984 rape case:

The Cook County sheriff's office says a man has been arrested on charges of a
1984 rape. Police said Thursday that 47-year-old Manuel Acosta was living in Oak
Lawn under the alias Manuel Soto Galvan. He was arrested on Saturday and is
being held without bond in the Cook County jail. Acosta was one of three men
accused of sexually assaulting a woman in a van in Chicago in 1984. A warrant
was issued for his arrest in June 1985, but he was not found. The other two men
being sought in the case are 56-year-old Jose Contreras and 48-year-old Amancio
Salinas.

Third man convicted in murder:

A Cook County jury has convicted the gunman in the June 2009 shooting death of a
Chicago police officer. Christopher Harris was the third man found guilty on
charges connected to the fatal drive-by shooting of officer Alejandro "Alex"
Valadez. Earlier Wednesday, Kevin Walker was found guilty of first-degree murder
and attempted first-degree murder in the killing of Valadez. Walker was driver,
and Harris was the gunman. The 27-year-old police officer was standing on a
South Side street when authorities say Harris opened fire. Valadez was struck in
the head and leg. Shawn Gaston is serving a 125-year sentence for his role in
the shooting. Valadez's death inspired a new law mandating prison time for gang
members convicted of illegally possessing a gun.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com Juan Ozaeta was a big hit as he
served up white chocolate- and caramel-coated apples on Thursday at an
Oktoberfest after-hours event at the Metropolis Performing Arts Centre in
Arlington Heights. Here, Mary Beisemann, director of sales at TopGolf of Wood
Dale, samples one of the treats. The event was hosted by the Arlington Heights
Chamber of Commerce, the Schaumburg Business Association and the Rolling Meadows
Chamber of Commerce.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Local Fun Fair to benefit Haiti

BYLINE: Submitted by Bright Hope

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 511 words


Join Bright Hope, a local nonprofit organization, for a family-friendly Fun Fair
at the Prairie Stone Sports and Wellness Center in Hoffman Estates from 1 to 4
p.m. Saturday, Feb. 22.

Proceeds from the event will support Bright Hope's JELLY program in continuing
holistic transformation in Beganabe, Haiti, to set it on the path toward
self-sustainability.

Admission is free for adults and $10 per child for up to three children; each
additional child is free. Families will be charged no more than $30. Tickets
provide unlimited access to all activities, including games, a climbing wall and
crafts.

"You don't need to travel abroad to change a life or a community in extreme
poverty. Transformation is possible right here in the Chicago area," said C.H.
Dyer, Bright Hope's president and chief executive officer.

"Not only will lives be impacted in this Haitian community, but the hearts of
those who participate will be too."

The Fun Fair aims to reach a fundraising goal of $2,500 through admission,
marketplace sales, snack sales, raffle tickets and general donations.

All funds raised will benefit Beganabe's church-school and its two teachers. The
150 children from kindergarten to fifth grade will attend the completed school
and receive a nutritious meal every day. Additionally, local produce grown by
Haitian families enrolled in Bright Hope's microloan program will be added to
their meals.

"It is our hope that in this long winter, when we are all struggling for
creative things to do, our community would come out and help make a difference
while having fun," said Dyer.

Games and activities will include carnival-style games like table bowling, giant
plinko and mini golf; a pond with the opportunity to take home a fish; a balloon
artist; face painting and tattoos; crafts such as making friendship bracelets
for you and a friend or for a child in Haiti; a water walk relay; a market walk
using baskets on the head; a photo booth; and a marketplace to browse
handcrafted items.

Local families are volunteering their time by planning the fair, advertising,
serving and running the activities and games.

JELLY is a program that began in fall 2012, with 60 local families supporting
Beganabe, Haiti, through fundraising and other means. These families have helped
transform two shipping containers into a workable church-school to bring hope
through education, microloans and job training for this village stuck in extreme
poverty.

A preschool has started and is operating with two teachers. This church-school
is the first in the 3,000 person community. JELLY will provide two years of
support, after which the program should be self-sustainable thanks to local
businesses born from the microloan program. To learn more about Bright Hope's
JELLY program, visit www.BrightHope.org/jelly.

Bright Hope's mission is to bring hope to those living on less than $1 a day.
Bright Hope envisions a world where under-resourced local, in-country churches
transform their communities and bring hope to the extreme poor.

To learn more about Bright Hope, visit www.BrightHope.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     February 20, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Foods Market: Whole Planet Foundation Now Funding First-Ever Domestic
Microlending Program in Austin Dedicated to Helping Women

LENGTH: 413  words


New Delhi, Feb. 20 -- Whole Planet Foundation has committed more than $5 million
to fight poverty in the U.S. through its partner, Grameen America, a nonprofit
microfinance organization that offers microloans, training and support to help
women who live in poverty build small businesses to create better lives for
their families. The money will help Grameen America launch a new microlending
branch in Austin, and will support existing programs in six metro areas: New
York, the Bay Area, Los Angeles, Charlotte, N.C., Omaha, Neb. and Indianapolis.



To date, Whole Planet Foundation has committed more than $48 million for
microcredit projects throughout 59 countries across Asia, Africa and the
Americas.

"Poverty is not just a developing-world problem; it's an issue we're battling at
home," said Philip Sansone, president and executive director of Whole Planet
Foundation. "Microcredit offers real solutions for low-income entrepreneurs and
their entire families. We're excited to invest in our communities and help our
neighbors get a fresh start."

With no collateral or credit history required, microloans offer many low-income
women their first chance to gain financial independence by starting or expanding
their own business. Prosperity from their food carts, at-home bakeries and
flower shops are helping women provide healthy meals, housing and education for
themselves and their children. The average first loan size is $1,264 in the U.S.
and $177 in the developing world.

"You don't need to donate millions to make a real, lasting impact on someone's
life," said Sansone. "Microcredit is proof that even small donations can spark
big change. This spring, it's easier than ever to get involved and help those in
need."

Through March 31, shoppers can make a difference by participating in hundreds of
fundraising events at Whole Foods Market - from charity races and tasting events
to garage sales and fashion shows - all as part of the foundation's nationwide
Prosperity Campaign. Shoppers can also donate at store checkouts or online at
wholeplanetfoundation.org. Through these efforts, the foundation aims to raise
$7 million for microlending projects in just five weeks.

Shoppers can also enter for a chance to win a trip for two to Mexico, courtesy
of Intrepid Travel, to see the impact of microcredit first-hand. On this six-day
expedition, travelers will meet borrowers supported by Whole Planet Foundation
and take in the country's vibrant sights, sounds and flavors.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2008 Northwestern University School of Law
              Northwestern Journal of International Law & Business

                                  Spring, 2008

              Northwestern Journal of International Law & Business

                         28 NW. J. INT'L L. & BUS. 561

LENGTH: 12543 words

COMMENT: South Africa's National Credit Act: A Possible Model for the Proper
Role of Interest Rate Ceilings for Microfinance

NAME: Megan Whittaker*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, 2008, Northwestern University School of Law. Thank you to
my family for their love and support, and to Professor Stephen Sawyer for his
insight and assistance with this comment.

TEXT:
 [*561]

   I. INTRODUCTION

 The concept of microcredit, in which poor people are given access to small
loans as an alternative to charity, began as an economic and social experiment
in the developing world. n1 Microlending was pioneered by Bangladeshi Professor
Muhammad Yunus in 1976, when he launched an action research project in his
native country to "examine the possibility of designing a credit delivery system
to provide banking services targeted at the rural poor." n2

   As of December 2007, the product that resulted from Yunus' research project,
the Grameen Bank, has 7.41 million borrowers, ninety-seven percent of whom are
women. n3 The Bank has 2259 branches serving 72,833 villages, covering more than
ninety-six percent of the total villages in Bangladesh. n4

   The success of the Grameen Bank has been duplicated in various other
countries by various other microfinance institutions ("MFIs"). Indeed, loans to
the poor have existed for thousands of years, albeit in less formalized models.
n5 The movement has advanced from the collective insights of numerous
"extraordinary individuals," and today there are thousands of financial
institutions around the world providing the very poor  [*562]  with access to
financial services. n6 Since the idea's inception in the 1970s, the Grameen Bank
and other microfinance institutions have "reversed conventional banking practice
by removing the need for collateral and created a banking system based on mutual
trust, accountability, participation and creativity." n7

   Indeed, microfinance has evolved into a highly-regarded anti-poverty
mechanism. The UN itself has placed significant faith in microfinance by
implementing it in its strategy to "halve extreme poverty and hunger by 2015."
It made 2005 the International Year of Microcredit. n8 Former United Nations
Secretary General Kofi Annan has stated that access to credit "helps alleviate
poverty by generating income, creating jobs, allowing children to go to school,
enabling families to obtain health care and empowering people to make the
choices that best serve their needs." n9 Most recently, Mohammed Yunus was
honored with the Nobel Peace Prize in October 2006. n10

   The emotional appeal of microcredit is undeniable; its success could make it
"one of the great humanitarian movements of history, allowing people to free
themselves from the bondage of poverty." n11 It provides investors of all
financial backgrounds with a means of helping alleviate poverty by expressing
faith in the work ethic and entrepreneurial capabilities of the world's poorest
people.

   The benefits of microcredit, however, are not merely sentimental.
Historically, microlending has led to high return rates across a variety of
cultures and contexts. n12 Due to the extensive effort and gradual return
involved in a single microloan, personal investment in a microfinance
institution is not a way to accumulate rapid sums of wealth. n13 With an average
return of four percent, however, it "outperforms money market accounts and is
safer than the market." n14

   As a result, the concept of microloans has been met with both heavy caution
and enthusiastic optimism. The possibilities behind microfinance, both social
and economic, have attracted significant study of the forces behind it in an
attempt to harness the optimal benefits from such a  [*563]  potentially
powerful anti-poverty mechanism.

   This comment will discuss the current debate regarding the proper role of
interest rate ceilings in microfinance and how the South African National Credit
Act should serve as a model for future studies of microcredit systems in
developing countries. Part II will discuss the controversy over interest rate
ceilings in microfinance, setting concerns regarding the effect of ceilings on
the viability of microfinance institutions against the need to protect
marginalized consumers from predatory lending. Part III will analyze various
alternatives to usury laws that microfinance experts have proposed, with an
emphasis on supervisory and regulatory systems as the most promising option.
Part IV will discuss South Africa's National Credit Act of 2005, a sophisticated
supervisory and regulatory system which the South African government enacted as
a response to decades of ineffective policies regarding usury laws. The comment
concludes by explaining how the new South African model attempts to resolve many
of the issues expressed in Parts II and III, and if successful, may provide a
critical example of how interest rate ceilings and microfinance can co-exist in
a symbiotic relationship.

   II. THE CONTROVERSY OVER INTEREST RATE CEILINGS IN MICROFINANCE

 As with any credit system, and especially a developmental one, there remains
controversy over the proper interest rates to be applied to such loans.
Superficially, one would expect that with a target population of impoverished
clients, the lower the interest rate, the better. There is, however,
considerable debate in the microfinance world about the role of interest rate
ceilings in microlending.

   The Consultative Group for Assisting the Poor ("CGAP"), a consortium of
thirty-three public and private development agencies, believes that usury rates
are a hindrance to the survival of MFIs, and often to the developing economy
altogether. n15 For example, when the purpose of microfinance is to give credit
access to those who would not normally be able to obtain it, the goal would be
to extend that access to as many consumers as possible. The costs of microcredit
are higher than in regular consumer banking, however, and therefore MFIs
generally have to charge higher rates than consumer banks in order to cover
those costs and retain enough profit to sustain themselves. n16 This is due not
to poor return rates, but instead to the inherent nature of microfinance; the
transactional costs  [*564]  involved in making many small loans will always be
larger than those required to make one big loan. n17

   A. Transactional Costs

 Typically, there are three types of lending costs that need to be covered by
interest rates: costs of funds for on-lending, the cost of risk (loan loss), and
administrative costs. n18 These costs are compounded by the personal contact
with consumers, often in the form of lending agents visiting clients in remote
villages, which forms an integral part of the microcredit process. n19
Nevertheless, although the transactional costs are usually proportionally higher
for microcredit than for mainstream commercial bank lending, microfinance
institutions often are more productive than commercial banks in that
microfinance boasts a much higher borrower-per-loan officer ratio. n20

   Unfortunately, the government entities that create interest rate ceilings and
usury laws are often composed of politicians, not financial experts, and often
do not consider adequately those practical (and often unavoidable) differences
in their calculations. n21 According to the CGAP, the reference point is instead
"nearly always the lower-cost commercial banking sector, which makes larger
loans than the microfinance sector. This decision-making process means that in
many cases governments find it politically difficult to set interest rate
ceilings high enough for microfinance to flourish." n22

   Moreover, enforcement of these laws is usually not sufficiently addressed.
Many usury laws are enacted without a clear means of implementation. n23 Other
times, the responsibility is placed in the hands of an agency without either
adequate expertise or the enforcement capacity required to regulate the large
numbers of non-bank institutions and even individuals that should fall under its
jurisdiction. n24

   As a result, usury laws that cap interest rates often reduce the
profitability of loans and undermine one of the main goals of microlending by
"making it more of a charity than a commercial enterprise." n25 If a
microfinance institution cannot cover the costs of its current operations, it
will either reduce access to few loan recipients or go out of business  [*565]
altogether. n26 Interest rate ceilings may discourage NGOs from transforming
into licensed financial intermediaries, or discourage already licensed firms
from entering into the microfinance market. n27

   B. Regulation Evasion and Its Effect on Consumers

 Alternatively, usury laws may encourage existing participants in the
microfinance sector to evade regulation. n28 For example, some MFIs avoid
raising interest rates by adding confusing fees that reduce the poor's ability
to choose between competitive institutions and programs. n29 Moreover, some MFIs
that are unable to cover costs with the maximum interest rate are forced to
accept government subsidies, which render the institutions vulnerable to
political agendas, instability, and corruption. n30

   C. Cultural Barriers to Usury Laws

 Finally, some societies, notably many Islamic countries, prohibit usury laws
altogether as a matter of culture. Although Islamic banking is beyond the scope
of this comment, most devout Muslims accept the interpretation of the Koran that
forbids a fixed rate of interest on loans or deposits. n31 Instead, the basic
principle is that of "shared risk" - Muslims generally believe that it is
immoral for the risks and benefits of a loan or an investment not to be shared
equitably by all participants. n32 Although the concept of "shared risk" is
similar to many microfinance programs, the discrete issue of usury laws as a
supplement to group loans is closed within many Islamic economies. n33

   D. Benefits to Usury Laws

 The debate regarding usury laws, however, is not completely one-sided. The
fears of predatory lending are not without merit. There is no shortage of
egregious interest rates that leave poor consumers in enormous debt, even to the
point of de facto servitude. n34 In India, some MFIs have behaved more like
loansharks than ethical enterprisers, charging interest rates on the full amount
of a loan instead of the declining balance, and  [*566]  bullying and
humiliating consumers. n35 Even the CGAP has admitted that "at the same time,
predatory lending and consumer abuses are legitimate policy concerns." n36

   Furthermore, the arguments for simply repealing usury laws seem to rest on
several assumptions. Countries with liberalized interest rates rely on the
combination of interest rate disclosure and lender competition to promote fair
rates over time. n37 Developing countries are the main target of microfinance
institutions, so to assume that their economies will be able to support
limitless interest rates effectively is a practically dangerous exercise. Many
states will not have the luxury of transparent consumer protection laws and
efficient market economies. Nor may they have enforcement capabilities to place
any weight behind mechanisms created with the ambition to replace a need for
usury laws. Nevertheless, critics of interest rate ceilings have proposed
alternatives to usury laws, the practical implications of which will be
discussed below.

   III. ALTERNATIVES TO USURY LAWS

 The main alternatives that critics of usury laws suggest are competition,
consumer protection laws, and supervisory and regulatory mechanisms. Despite
their theoretical appeal, competition and consumer protection laws are
ineffective by themselves due to their inherent reliance on other measures of
economic and institutional health that cannot be assumed in a developing
country. Supervisory and regulatory mechanisms, on the other hand, build up
those strengths rather than take them for granted, and thus enjoy the greatest
potential for success as an alternative to traditional usury laws.

   A. Competition

 Organizations such as the CGAP have stated that "the most powerful mechanism
for lowering interest rates in microfinance is competition." n38 In support of
this position, they claim that "in many competitive markets, efficiency has
improved and microcredit interest rates have declined." n39

   The argument that competition is a cure-all is misleading, however, since
competition itself relies on numerous other factors in order to work
efficiently. In its Occasional Paper No. 9, the CGAP also states that "first and
foremost, a stable macroeconomic situation is a critical precondition for
competitive microfinance. Also important is an appropriate legal and  [*567]
regulatory framework that provides a level playing field, allowing for market
entry and a reasonable operating environment for diverse types of financial
institutions." n40 And it does not stop there, since "investments in basic
telecommunications, roads, and education are also critical for future efficiency
improvements in microfinance." n41

   There is no doubt that all these variables are important. Nevertheless, since
microfinance sectors have erupted mostly in developing countries, many societies
that currently have microfinance sectors may not have the resources at this
point to have all of these pre-conditions in place.

   Without these pre-conditions, competition itself can eventually hurt the
poor, "as competition exacerbates asymmetric information problems over borrower
indebtedness." n42 As a result, many borrowers may find themselves with multiple
loans from different MFIs. n43 In India, for example, a high suicide rate among
borrowers was attributed to "aggressive competition and a failure to share
information" which "meant some people were in hock to numerous lenders." n44
Therefore, competition by itself is not an adequate alternative to usury laws.

   B. Consumer Protection Laws

 The CGAP has also claimed that enhanced consumer protection laws, such as
truth-in-lending laws, can be "a more constructive alternative" to usury laws.
n45 Consumer protection laws can give borrowers the assurance that the
information they are receiving regarding loan rates and other applicable fees
are both comparable and accurate, and thus allow the borrower to make an
informed decision before entering into a credit agreement. n46 The CGAP has
noted that "an important goal of consumer protection is to protect consumers
from exorbitant fees and interest rates." n47

   However, it would seem that consumer protection laws would face the same
enforcement challenges as usury laws, as both would require a competent and
authoritative mechanism to implement remedies for violations. Furthermore,
although one of the criticisms of having  [*568]  politicians decide which rates
are "usurious" is their lack of technical expertise, consumer protection laws
that require courts to enforce these laws would be reserving such decisions for
judges, who are presumably no more qualified than politicians to make decisions
based on economic (as opposed to legal) principles.

   C. Supervisory and Regulatory Systems

 The most promising alternatives to traditional usury laws may involve
supervisory and regulatory systems. After conducting research in Bolivia,
Colombia, and Mexico, Accion International, one of the major microfinance
organizations, stated that "we consider a supervisory and regulatory system to
be successful for microfinance if it allows microfinance to evolve and become
integrated into the mainstream financial sector while appropriately protecting
both deposit taking MFIs and consumers against risk." n48

   For example, in Bolivia, competition "engendered by the entry of new players
and the growth of the microfinance industry" pushed interest rates from roughly
eighty percent in the early 1990s down to levels of between twenty-two and
thirty percent "without regulatory pressure from the banking authorities and
without unsustainable subsidization of interest rates by the public sector." n49
However, this drop in interest rates occurred only within a larger supervisory
and regulatory system. n50

   Accion claimed that several factors can contribute to good microfinance
regulation and supervision. First, "a successful system will be tailored to the
needs of the microfinance industry in each specific country." n51 Instead of a
"one-size fits-all" approach when developing or restructuring their systems,
governments should consider the unique microfinance environment that currently
exists within their own country, while keeping in mind the specific performance
norms applicable to microfinance. n52

   For example, in its analysis, Accion emphasized that Bolivia had created "a
system of specialized microfinance regulation and supervision," whereas Mexico
had initiated "a delegated system in which federations comprised of
representatives from MFIs engage in self-regulation." n53 However, any system
that is implemented within a country's economy  [*569]  needs to be adapted to
characteristics of microfinance and "aligned with the local realities of the
microfinance industry" in order to foster MFI growth. n54

   Second, "governments should engage in a consultative process to arrive at a
well-designed system that provides the basis for growth and development of a
healthy industry." n55 According to Accion, officials should solicit the advice
of all local stakeholders (e.g., microfinance institutions, other government
officials and associations) as well as international experts when designing
their systems. n56

   Furthermore, the country must have a "suitable" political and microfinance
climate. n57 This means that "a critical mass" of existing microfinance
providers should already be operating, and that supervisors assigned to the
sector should have a deep understanding of the credit technologies specific to
microfinance. n58 Finally, there should be "stable, high-level political support
for the microfinance industry." n59 As will be discussed below, South Africa has
created by new legislation a supervisory and regulatory system that meets most,
if not all, of Accion's requirements for success.

   IV. IMPLICATIONS OF THE NEW NATIONAL CREDIT ACT IN SOUTH AFRICA

 Microfinance institutions have entered the economies of developing countries
all over the world. Reports have been done on the success rates of both the
institutions and the role of interest rate ceilings on the viability of those
institutions. n60 Each context, however, represents a society at a different
level of development, with a different government and a different set of
cultural values. Finding a cookie-cutter model for microfinance, therefore, is
most likely a futile exercise. However, some models may be analyzed to determine
which mechanisms pose the greatest chance for success in a similar context.

   The current South African model, with its parameters arising from extensive
experience in the microfinance sector, provides a promising example of the
integration of microfinance sector into a developing society.

   A. History of the National Credit Act

 South Africa's first attempt at usury legislation was the Usury Act of  [*570]
1968. This legislation was implemented in the era of apartheid, and therefore
faced significant issues regarding the financial exclusion of its non-white
citizens, most notably the country's black majority population. n61

   In 1992, the Ministry of Trade instituted a Usury Act Exemption, which
allowed lenders to charge unregulated interest on small loans. n62 The stated
policy goal of this legislation was to spur growth in lending to micro, small,
and medium-sized enterprises. n63 As a result, the microloan sector soon
exploded, but the effects were not felt by the intended recipients. Instead of
improving credit access to poor, rural South Africans, the microlending sector
targeted urban, employed individuals for loans. n64 The policy created a
disaster by "dividing the market and thereby excluding lower income people from
the banking sector and formal credit options." n65 Interest controls were
removed without proper regulatory oversight and credit protections. n66 By the
mid-1990s, the Minister of Trade and Industry, Alec Erwin, observed that poor
and low-income South Africans were being charged unreasonably high interest
rates, and Mr. Erwin threatened to revoke the 1992 Exemption altogether. n67

   After five years of dialogue between the industry and the government, the
Ministry formed the Microfinance Regulatory Commission ("MFRC") in 1999. n68 The
MFRC changed the process of receiving exemptions, largely in response to
widespread concern about high interest rates and abusive practices in the
"cowboy" microlending market. n69 Instead of generally removing interest
ceilings for MFIs, the MFRC used usury laws as incentive for ethical conduct and
transparency on the part of MFIs. n70 Microlenders that did not register with an
approved regulatory authority would not qualify for the exemption, and would be
forced to restrict themselves to the usury rates. n71 Any company found to have
violated the regulators' codes of ethics could be expelled from the registry and
thereby disqualified from the exemption. n72

    [*571]  The problems did not end, however. MFRC research identified several
problems with existing credit legislation: 1) it provided ineffective consumer
protection, particularly for low-income groups; 2) access to credit was
constricted, especially for small and micro businesses; 3) credit costs were
high; and 4) some credit providers engaged in reckless behavior. n73 Further
research also discovered undesirable practices by micro-credit intermediaries,
debt collectors and debt administrators. n74

   B. National Credit Act of 2005

 In 2005, the South African government passed the National Credit Act ("the
Act"), which officially repealed both the Usury Law of 1968 and the Usury Law
Exemption of 1992. n75 Although the Act was passed in March 2005, it did not go
into force until June 2007. Gabriel Davel, head of the MFRC, said the Act is
"consistent in its application, transparent, and shifts rights to the consumer".
n76

   The result of numerous studies on microfinance in the specific South African
context, the Act clearly meets Accion's first recommendation that a government
should consider the unique microfinance environment that currently exists within
their own country. Shawn Barnett, a director at a commercial law firm Deneys
Reitz, said "the act has its origins in the long-held belief by various market
participants that [South Africa's] existing credit legislation is ineffective in
dealing with the needs of a complex consumer market." n77

   For example, South Africa's history "clearly demonstrates the need for public
transparency on pricing." n78 According to a 2003 study,



   the average charge for mortgages and pension backed loans [is] between 15-19%
per annum compared to the average cost of small short-term micro-loans, which
cost consumers around 222-360% per annum. In general, low-income consumers pay
the highest rates for credit with the shortest maturity, unless they have access
to security such as property, pensions or insurance policies ... . n79

  [*572]  In response, the National Credit Act and supporting legislation have
implemented "truth in lending laws" that require pricing transparency, to be
achieved, in part, by way of such means as the publication of effective rates.
n80 Such transparency will be monitored and regulated by the National Credit
Regulator. n81 The Act, which went into effect on June 1, 2007, also addresses
most of the other concerns expressed in the previous sections, to be discussed
below.

   1. Aims of the Act and the NCR

 The Act enjoys stable, high-level political support, having been signed by
President Mbeke in March of 2005. According to Trade and Industry Minister
Mandisi Mpahlwa, the purpose of the National Credit Act is "to promote a credit
market that is fair, transparent, accessible and responsible. It also aims to
promote a market that is competitive and sustainable... . It specifically
prohibits practices such as reckless lending and automatic increases in credit
limits, and regulates interest and fees." n82

   The Act creates the National Credit Regulator, a body whose purpose is to
promote development of an accessible credit market. n83 The NCR is required to
"promote and support the development, where the need exists, of a fair,
transparent, competitive, sustainable, responsible, efficient, effective and
accessible credit market and industry to serve the needs of" historically
disadvantaged persons, n84 low income persons and communities, n85 and remote,
isolated or low density populations and communities, "in a manner consistent
with the purposes of this Act." n86 Thus, the Act aims to shift the protected
class back from the urban employed to the truly marginalized populations.

   In sum, the promoters of the Act display an awareness of the benefits and
possible failures both of supervisory and regulatory mechanisms and of interest
rate ceilings therein. The Act addresses the concerns discussed in Parts I and
II, and seeks an efficient integration of regulation, protection, and free
market capitalism.

   2. Different Maximum Rates of Interest

 The Act requires that the Department of Trade and Industry create  [*573]
maximum rates of interest. n87 In determining these caps, however, the Ministry
of Trade and Finance, in consultation with the National Credit Regulators
(described below), is required to set a different maximum rate of interest, as
well as maximum fees, for each subsector of the credit market. n88

   This requirement could address what seems to be one of the main concerns of
usury laws in microfinance, namely, the MFIs' inability to compete with larger
banks because of their higher operational costs, since theoretically the
Minister could create higher ceilings for registered MFIs than for commercial
banks. By doing so, the playing field could be leveled enough to allow the MFIs
to remain in business while still ensuring a non-usurious rate of interest for
the consumers.

   Under the Act, the prescribed limits must take into account the "need to make
credit available" to historically disadvantaged persons, low-income persons and
communities, and remote, isolated or low density populations and communities.
n89 The Act further requires the consideration of other factors such as the
conditions prevailing in the credit market, including the cost of credit and the
optimal functioning of the consumer credit market, as well as the social impact
on low income consumers. n90

   3. Rates Will Be Set by Credit Experts

 Under the National Credit Act, the interest rate ceilings will not be created
arbitrarily by politicians or judges. Instead, the Act adheres to Accion's
suggestions that a government engage in a consultative process with a variety of
financial experts and industry participants. In determining the appropriate caps
for each subsector, the Minister must consult with the National Credit
Regulators ("NCR") before setting these limits. n91 The NCR is composed of
economic experts, and is headed by qualified Chartered Accountant Gabriel Davel
as Chief Executive Officer. n92

   Furthermore, the Act requires the NCR itself to monitor and research any
matter relating to the credit industry including "credit availability, price and
market conditions, conduct and trends," n93 as well as competition within the
consumer credit industry n94 and access to consumer credit by small businesses
or disadvantaged persons. n95

   In an attempt to increase feelings of public ownership over the Act, the
[*574]  South African government has reached beyond the major financial experts
for consultation in creating the specific regulations within the Act. The
government published a draft of the regulations in the National Credit Act in
September 2006. n96 The regulations were then open for public comment until the
deadline of October 27, 2006. n97 Groups such as the African National Congress
("ANC") Youth League were encouraged to present the National Credit Regulator
with a list of concerns regarding various provisions and policies within the
Act, such as the possibility for an "amnesty" for people currently blacklisted
by credit bureaus. n98

   Accommodating opinions of the public, as well as experts in the microfinance
sector, is a promising sign that the South African National Credit Act will be
able to make well-informed decisions based on a real view of the situation on
the ground, as opposed to mere academic or political speculations.

   4. Consumer Protection Laws

 The Act further seeks to improve consumer protection within the credit market,
through both enforcement and consumer education. Gabriel Davel, the new head of
the National Credit Regulator, has said:

   I believe that the regulator has a big role to play in bringing transparency
and honesty to the South African credit market ... . Loan agreements are
frequently complex and difficult to understand, with many of the fees and
obligations hidden in the fine print. The vulnerability of people who have
become so used to being rejected by credit provider [sic] is frequently
exploited. n99

   The Act creates a set of protections, including a standard of
overindebtedness and a prohibition on reckless lending. n100 The Act also
provides consumer protection laws that protect against usurious rates upon
default, which might be used to evade interest rate restrictions, to the
detriment of the consumer. For example, Section 103 of the Act states that "the
interest rate applicable to an amount in default or an overdue payment under a
credit agreement may not exceed the highest interest rate." n101

   In addition to these provisions, the Act authorizes the regulator to receive
and investigate complaints, as well as to educate consumers of their rights
under the law. n102 Since at the time of this comment, the Act only  [*575]
recently has gone into effect, the actual effectiveness of these provisions
remains to be determined.

   5. Enforcement

 The National Credit Regulator is required to enforce the provisions of the Act
through several mechanisms, including promoting informal resolution of disputes
between consumers and credit providers, receiving complaints concerning alleged
contraventions of the Act, monitoring the consumer credit market and industry to
ensure that prohibited conduct is prevented or detected and prosecuted, and
investigating and evaluating alleged contraventions of the Act. n103

   Part B of the Act provides for a National Consumer Tribunal that can
adjudicate claims and provide enforcement through the issuance of fines. n104
Upon receiving complaints, the National Credit Regulator may refer matters to
the Tribunal. n105 According to the NCR, "in addition to its powers to
adjudicate disputes directly, the Tribunal will have the authority to make a
consent order reflecting any resolution arrived at through an alternative forum
and/or issue a compliance notice." n106 Furthermore, credit providers and
consumers who wish to appeal against decisions of the National Credit Regulator
may appeal to the Tribunal. n107

   The Tribunal has received some criticism regarding its constitutional
implications, in the belief that it would act as an informal court, neither
civil nor criminal. n108 A senior magistrate from Pretoria, Franz von Reiche,
told parliamentary hearings in August 2005 that the bill required that the
Tribunal dealt with consumer matters in an "inquisitorial manner," while South
Africa's legal norm was that of an adversarial system. n109

   He further stated that the Tribunal, which he called a "draconian kangaroo
court," would impose criminal sanctions based on the balance of probabilities,
the test used in civil matters, and not on the principle of reasonable doubt, as
required in criminal matters. n110 These criticisms were expected to be
addressed by the Department of Trade and Industry, but it may be premature to
tell how such concerns are playing out such within the Tribunal's actual
jurisdiction.

[*576]

   6. Effect on Commercial Lending Institutions

 The Act "aims to regulate all types of consumer credit, and the whole range of
formal-sector credit providers, from retailers to microlenders to banks." n111
It seems that other lending institutions, including large commercial lenders,
should not face major problems as a result, with the proper preparation. First,
although the Act repeals previous legislation, it provides for a phasing-in
period in which the old acts would remain in force until the necessary
infrastructure is in place to administer the new one. n112

   Second, participants in the South African consumer credit market are now
required to review their credit practices and documentation to ensure compliance
with the Act. n113 The Act sets out new parameters with regard to assessing
whether the granting of credit to a consumer is being made recklessly. n114
Retailers are required to undertake extensive checks on the state of a
consumer's finances before offering credit. When processing credit applications,
retailers' staffs have to complete an exhaustive "financial means" test, which
includes establishing the frequency of an applicant's income and his or her
existing financial obligations. n115 Furthermore, these new obligations require
retail credit controller training and electronic cross-referencing with records
kept by the National Credit Bureau. n116

   In anticipation of the Act's enforcement in 2007, many commercial lenders
were already preparing for their future duties. FirstRand, a large commercial
bank, admitted that the National Credit Act will pose further challenges, as it
will affect fees and pricing. n117 However, as of September 2006, the group had
already taken steps to address many of these challenges. n118 For example, it
planned to securitize more of its assets, which would take those assets off its
balance sheet and potentially improve its return on those assets. n119 According
to Microsave, a microfinance research group based in Nairobi, "while in the
short term the costs of compliance may in fact drive up prices as banks seek to
maintain margins, in the medium term the impact of improved transparency should
continue to exert a downward pressure on pricing." n120

   Moreover, while the National Credit Act puts a ceiling on the interest
[*577]  banks can charge, it also levels the playing field in the lower end of
the market, where loans under R10,000 were previously not subject to the Usury
Act requirements. n121 As stated before, this meant microlenders could charge
what they liked. n122 FirstRand's CEO, Sizwe Nxasana, has stated that under the
National Credit Act, FirstRand will get a better foothold in this market. n123
Therefore, even large commercial institutions will be able to thrive under the
National Credit Act as long as they anticipate changes resulting from the Act's
new regulations and requirements and make the necessary adjustments ahead of
time.

   7. The South African Model as an Experiment for All of Africa

 The success of the National Credit Act would have an effect not just within
South Africa's borders, but throughout the African continent as well.
Microfinance projects are occurring in many of Africa's countries, who see the
National Credit Act as an experiment worth scrutinizing. Cape Town hosted an
African Microfinance conference in August 2005 to discuss ways of integrating
microfinance into formal financial markets. n124 Rashid Ahmed of the MFRC stated
that "for Africa to move forward with economic development and poverty
alleviation, it's essential that it has to progress quickly with the integration
and transformation of its microfinance industry." n125

   Fortunately, since the mid-1990s, there has been significant change from the
parallel banking system - one for the poor and the other for the better off -
and operations in some countries, such as Kenya and Tanzania, are undergoing
institutional changes and entering the formal financial sector. n126 For
example, the Central Bank of Kenya has encouraged greater transparency in all
its forty-two branches by using the two national newspapers, the Union and the
Standard, to publish fees and charges on common accounts, such as current
accounts, business loans, and personal loans. n127

   Nevertheless, according to Ahmed, microfinance in most African countries is
"still regarded as separate to the formal financial sector and handled as such.
Until an energetic and determined effort is made to integrate microfinance into
the formal banking systems, we'll always be  [*578]  playing catch-up." n128 The
rest of Africa will be watching the reaction to the National Credit Act by the
various players in the industry, especially the extent to which the government
is able to both replace current disparate credit laws with consistent,
enforceable credit legislation and regulate debt relief, standard
marketing/advertising/disclosure practices, and credit reporting. n129

   8. Recent Results of the Act

 The National Credit Act is still in its early stages, but its impact on South
Africa seems to be largely positive so far. An August 2007 report by
PricewaterhouseCoopers, issued just weeks after the Act went into effect,
estimated that revenue growth for South African banks in 2007 would range
between ten and thirty percent, while income growth was expected to rise by as
much as twenty-five percent per year for the next three years. n130 Microlending
itself was expected to record fifty percent growth in 2007, but the banks also
recorded success in capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, foreign exchange,
property finance and brokerage. n131 According to the report, the regulatory
environment fostered by recent developments such as the Act "is now seen as the
most important driver of change" and that the "widely held view was that
regulations would continue to proliferate across the financial sector." n132

   As predicted, those banks that reacted early on to the Act's new provisions
have created an advantage over competitors who were not as quick to implement
the appropriate changes. Capitec Bank Holdings, which provides entry-level
services to the poor, has followed the shift in banking that recognizes the
potential in low-income clients. n133 Capitec has been able to comply with the
Act and still be sustainable by using technology to keep its costs to a minimum,
and has been able to extend its microlending services to an estimated 336,000
new clients from August 2006 to August 2007. n134 As a result of its
extraordinary success, Capitec was ranked third in South Africa's Top 100
companies chart. n135

   African Bank Investments Limited ("Abil"), one of the dominant  [*579]
institutions in South Africa's microlending business, made it a point to adopt
many of the Act's provisions early on. n136 As a result, its quarterly results
to June 30, 2007 showed it was set to weather introduction of the Act with ease.
n137 During the first month of operation under the Act, sales of new loans were
twenty-nine percent higher year on year, and Abil was able to respond to a
continued strong demand for credit without any deterioration in credit quality.
n138

   Clearly it remains to be seen what the long-term results of the Act will be,
but early results have been promising. The Act's recent enforcement may mean
that some institutions affected by the changes still suffer from a lack of
education or understanding of the Act's specific provisions, and thus the
success of banks and other commercial lenders could increase further with
greater familiarity as time goes on.

   V. CONCLUSION

 Microfinance's potential is well-documented. The question is how to harness
that potential within developing markets and sometimes rudimentary institutions.

   The goal of microfinance is to improve the access to credit for the world's
poorest communities, emphasizing the business skills of the marginalized as
opposed to their need for charity. Yet, to do this requires more than an
idealistic notion; it requires a thorough analysis of how to balance that access
with the profitability that provides the basis for any successful business
model.

   Interest rate ceilings have been criticized by those who claim it undermines
that profitability within the microfinance sector by placing MFIs at an
unreasonable disadvantage to commercial banks with lower operational costs.
Critics claim that this situation encourages MFIs and other similar NGOs to
evade the caps by charging hidden fees or by refusing to enter the microfinance
sector altogether.

   Yet, even those critics realize that predatory lending, based on usuriously
high interest rates, remains a substantial policy concern within the
microfinance world. Without regulations, lenders can charge, in the name of
viability, unreasonable rates that lead to overindebtedness and de facto
servitude for poor consumers. Thus, the very victims of microfinance are the
people it was intended to empower.

   Some critics of usury laws have claimed that alternatives exist that can
reduce interest rates over time without setting official (and often arbitrary)
[*580]  caps. For example, they claim that "in many competitive markets,
efficiency has improved and microcredit interest rates have declined." n139
Creating a competitive market, however, takes time, stability and a level of
internal development that may not be present in a developing country.

   As a result, abandoning usury laws altogether during the creation of a
microfinance sector is not a practically appropriate solution. Instead, they
should be accommodated within a supervisory and regulatory mechanism which can
account for market conditions and manually place microfinance institutions back
in a position where they can sustain viability in competition with commercial
lenders.

   Following a nearly forty-year history of legislative attempts to regulate
interest rates, South Africa's government passed the National Credit Act of
2005. This Act provides a promising example of a supervisory and regulatory
mechanism which, if successful, can be used as a model from which other nations
may base their own custom-made model.

   The Act provides for a mechanism that is tailored specifically to South
Africa's microfinance needs, rather than simply lifting the model of another
country. In creating such a mechanism, the creators of the Act, as well as the
leaders of the Act's supervisory institution, the NCR, engaged in "a
consultative process to arrive at a well-designed system that provides the basis
for growth and development of a healthy industry." n140

   The Act further benefits from a "suitable" political and microfinance
climate. Microfinance providers have existed for several years, under various
legislative regulations. As stated previously, although the Act was passed in
March 2005, it only went into force in June 2007, and the time period between
both dates was designated as a "phasing-in" period to allow existing businesses
from various sectors to transition successfully from the old regulations to the
new ones. n141 Moreover, the members of the NCR are all experts in either
banking, law, or economics, and the Act enjoys stable, high-level political
support from everyone from its Minister of Trade and Industry to President
Mbeke.

   As discussed before, the Act requires that the Minister and the NCR take into
account several important factors in setting the interest rate limits for each
subsector, such as the current market conditions, the aims of the Act, and the
concerns of market participants across the spectrum.

   Drawing from the research and analysis of other organizations discussed
earlier in this comment, there are several other factors that the Minister and
the NCR should specifically take into account when setting these caps. For
example, "as in all commercial structure," market viability  [*581]  requires
that the interest rate be calculated with a view to at least cover the costs of
the institution, including administrative expenses, costs of funds, and the cost
of loan losses. n142 These costs can vary from country to country, or even from
institution to institution, so the Ministry needs to focus on the environment in
which the microfinance institutions provide their services. n143

   Additionally, the NCR and the Tribunal should be reasonable with the
non-compliance penalties that they enforce. While penalties are obviously
important for the effectiveness and credibility of the act, the regulating
institutions should keep in mind that their role should be less about punishment
and more about enabling these institutions to increase their efficiency in the
long run. n144

   Finally, the interest rate ceilings are exactly that - ceilings. If the
critics of usury laws are correct, the regulations currently set may become
irrelevant if MFIs and commercial banks use competition as a means of
continually lowering their own interest rates. However, at that point, there
should be no argument for the detrimental effects of such ceilings.

   In sum, South Africa's new model has the potential to prove that usury laws
can be effective if they are regulated in a supportive and reasonable mechanism.
If the Act continues to be successful, it could enhance significantly the
world's attempts to find that balance between idealistic attempts to end poverty
and the forces of business.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawNational BanksInterest & UsuryUsury LitigationContracts
LawDefensesUsuryReal Property LawFinancingSecondary FinancingResidential
Secondary Mortgages

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Jay Lee, Note, Equity and Innovation: Using Traditional Islamic Banking to
Reinvigorate Microlending in Urban America, 16 Ind. Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 523,
523 (2006).





n2.  A Short History of Grameen Bank, http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/hist.html
(last visited May 1, 2008).





n3.  Grameen Bank, http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/index.html (last visited May
1, 2008).





n4.  Id.





n5.  Macro Credit, Economist, Oct. 21, 2006, at 78, available at
http://www.economist.com/people/displaystory.cfm?story id=E1 RDQJRNJ.





n6.  Id.





n7.  Grameen Bank, supra note 3.





n8.  Id.





n9.  Lee, supra note 1, at 524.





n10.  Celia W. Dugger, Peace Prize to Pioneer of Loans For Those Too Poor to
Borrow, N.Y. Times, Oct. 14, 2006, at A1.





n11.  Lee, supra note 1, at 533.





n12.  See generally Tom Easton, A Survey on Microfinance: Micro No More,
Economist, Nov. 5, 2005, available at
http://www.economist.com/surveys/displaystory.cfm?story id=E1 VDSJPNQ.





n13.  Lee, supra note 1, at 534.





n14.  Id.





n15.  Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, Occasional Paper No. 9: Interest
Rate Ceilings and Microfinance: The Story So Far (Sept. 2004), available at
http://www.cgap.org/portal/site/CGAP/menuitem.1b5d171ad6c9e30167808010591010a0/
[hereinafter Occasional Paper No. 9].





n16.  Id. at 2.





n17.  Id. at 3.





n18.  Id.





n19.  Id.





n20.  Occasional Paper No. 9, supra note 15, at 3.





n21.  Id. at 9.





n22.  Id. at 5.





n23.  Id. at 9.





n24.  Id.





n25.  Tom Easton, A Survey on Microfinance: Bankable Banks, Economist, Nov. 5,
2005, at 8.





n26.  Occasional Paper No. 9, supra note 15, at 5.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Easton, supra note 12, at 9.





n29.  Occasional Paper No. 9, supra note 15, at 6-7.





n30.  See, e.g., id. at 4-5.





n31.  Lee, supra note 1, at 550.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Id.





n34.  Microsharks, Economist, Aug. 17, 2006, available at
http://www.economist.com/finance/displaystory.cfm?story id=7803631.





n35.  Id.





n36.  Occasional Paper No. 9, supra note 15, at 10.





n37.  See generally id.





n38.  Id. at 11.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Id. at 12.





n41.  Id.





n42.  Craig McIntosh & Bruce Wyddick, Competition and Microfinance (Oct. 2004),
available at http://www.princeton.edu/rpds/downloads/seminar papers/wydick
competition microfinance.pdf.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Microsharks, supra note 34.





n45.  Consulative Group for Assisting the Poor, Focus Note 27: Protecting
Microfinance Borrowers 1 (May 2005), available at
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/content/article/detail/26287 [hereinafter
Focus Note 27].





n46.  Id.





n47.  Id. at 4.





n48.  Jacques Trigo Loubiere et al., Supervising and Regulating Microfinance in
the Context of Financial Sector Liberalization: Lessons from Bolivia, Colombia
and Mexico 10 (Aug. 2004), available at
http://publications.accion.org/publications/Supervisin 184.asp.





n49.  Id. at 8.





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id. at 10.





n52.  Id.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Loubiere et al., supra note 48, at 10.





n55.  Id. at 10-11.





n56.  Id. at 11.





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Id.





n60.  See, e.g., Loubiere et al., supra note 48, at 10.





n61.  See generally Patrick Meager, Microfinance Regulation in South Africa
(Apr. 2005), available at
http://www.microfinancegateway.com/content/article/detail/25525 [hereinafter
Microfinance Regulation in South Africa].





n62.  Id.





n63.  Id.





n64.  Id.





n65.  Id.





n66.  Id.





n67.  See generally Meager, supra note 61.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  Amanda Vermeulen, State Acts to Stamp Out Microlending Abuse, Bus. Times
(S. Afr.), May 16, 1999, at 1.





n71.  Id.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Ciaran Ryan, Consumers in the Credit Driver's Seat, Sunday Times (S.
Afr.), July 24, 2005, at 14.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Sanchia Temkin, New Law to Help Consumers Avoid the Debt Trap, Bus. Day
(S. Afr.), May 2, 2006.





n78.  David Cracknell & Hermann Messan, The Art and Science of Pricing Financial
Services, Microsave, Oct. 2006, at 12, available at http://www.microsave.org/get
filef.asp?download id=2722.





n79.  Id. (citing Penny Hawkins, The Cost, Volume and Allocation Of Consumer
Credit in South Africa, FEASibilitY(Pty) Ltd (2003)).





n80.  Id.; see generally National Credit Act 34 of 2005 (S. Afr.), available at
http://www.cba.co.za/IMAGES/NATIONAL CREDIT ACT.pdf [hereinafter "National
Credit Act"].





n81.  National Credit Act, supra note 80, at s. 13.





n82.  Themba Gadebe, Ban, AllAfrica, June 1, 2006 [hereinafter Ban].





n83.  See generally National Credit Act, supra note 80.





n84.  Id. at s. 13(a)(i).





n85.  Id. at s. 13(a)(ii).





n86.  Id. at s. 13(a)(iii).





n87.  Id. at s. 105.





n88.  Id. at s. 105(3)(a).





n89.  National Credit Act, supra note 80, at s. 13(a).





n90.  Id. at s. 105(2).





n91.  Id. at s. 105(1).





n92.  Ban, supra note 82.





n93.  National Credit Act, supra note 80, at s. 13(c)(i).





n94.  Id. at s. 13(c)(ii).





n95.  Id. at s. 13(c)(iii).





n96.  Rob Rose, ANC Youth to Make Demands on Credit Rules, Bus. Day (S. Afr.),
Oct. 25, 2006 at 15.





n97.  Id.





n98.  Id.





n99.  Ban, supra note 82.





n100.  Microfinance Regulation in South Africa, supra note 61.





n101.  National Credit Act, supra note 80, at s. 103(1).





n102.  Ban, supra note 82.





n103.  National Credit Act, supra note 80, at s. 15.





n104.  See generally National Credit Act, supra note 80.





n105.  Id. at s. 15.





n106.  Tribunal, http://www.ncr.org.za/Tribunal.html (last visited May 1, 2008).





n107.  Id.





n108.  Wyndham Hartley, Magistrate Warns Against Debt Pitfalls in New National
Credit Bill, Bus. Day (S. Afr.), Aug. 10, 2005.





n109.  Id.





n110.  Id.





n111.  South Africa; Making Debt Good, Afr. News, June 17, 2005.





n112.  New Law to Help Consumers Avoid the Debt Trap, supra note 77.





n113.  Id.





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Viwe Tlaleane, Banks' Challenges, Bus. Day (S. Afr.), Sept. 20, 2006, at
16.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Cracknell & Messan, supra note 78, at 12.





n121.  Tlaleane, supra note 117.





n122.  Id.





n123.  Id.





n124.  South Africa; Microfinance Specialists to Debate Financial Market
Integration, Africa News, Aug. 29, 2005.





n125.  Id.





n126.  Id.





n127.  Cracknell & Messan, supra note 78, at 13.





n128.  Id.





n129.  Id.





n130.  Regis Nyamakanga, Players Expect to Keep Riding Crest of the Wave, Bus.
Day (S. Afr.), Aug. 27, 2007, at 18.





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Richard Stovin-Bradford, Capitec Takes Its Banks to the People, Sunday
Times (S. Afr.), Nov. 11, 2007, at 8.





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id.





n136.  Richard Stovin-Bradford, Hedge Fund Managers Key to ABN Amro Sale, Sunday
Times (S. Afr.), Aug. 5, 2007, at 4.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id.





n139.  Occasional Paper No. 9, supra note 15.





n140.  Loubiere et al., supra note 48, at 10.





n141.  Tlaleane, supra note 117.





n142.  Microfinance Matters - Voices of Microfinance,
http://www.uncdf.org/english/microfinance/newsletter/pages/july 2004/voice.php
(last visited May 1, 2008).





n143.  Id.





n144.  Id.


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Funds to create jobs in rural communities

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Business organizations in 22 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive support.

"A strong rural America and a strong agricultural industry go hand in hand,"
said Vilsack. "These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to
rural residents and communities. They will help organizations expand job and
economic opportunities in rural communities across the nation."

The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by Deputy Under Secretary
for Rural Development Doug O'Brien during a trip to Ames, Iowa to address the
Rural Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES).The funding being provided through the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Recipients are development
organizations that make loans to microenterprises and microentreprenuers and
provide business-based training and technical assistance to rural
micro-borrowers.

For example, in New Mexico, both the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund,
Inc. and the Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST) were included
in the Secretary's announcement.

"Now more than ever, New Mexico's small businesses need access to credit," said
USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner. He added, "We are pleased
to partner with the NM Community Development Loan fund and WESST to help finance
small businesses around New Mexico that need help with their start up or
expansion."

00020000037E000006C6 378,Both organizations will create rural microloan
revolving fund program that will make loans and provide technical assistance to
rural business-owners and microenterprises in various rural counties in New
Mexico.

Funding for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreement.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack the President wants the federal government to be the best
possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs creating job
opportunities and for people who want to live, work, and raise their families in
rural communities.

00020000049000000A3E 48A,USDA, through its Rural Development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure and
facility programs through a national network of state and local offices. Rural
Development has an existing portfolio of more than $155 billion in loans and
loan guarantees. These programs are designed to improve the economic stability
of rural communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve
the quality of life in rural America.

BREAKOUT BOX

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund, Inc.: $500,000 loan; $105,000 grant
to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST): $400,000 loan; $100,000
grant to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

THUMBNAIL PULL QUOTE:

"These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to rural residents
and communities. They will help organizations expand job and economic
opportunities in rural communities across the nation." Tom Vilsack, US
Agricultural Secretary

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Vilsack, U.S. agriculture secretary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 2, 2009 Tuesday

San Mateo students help Guatemalans prosper using microloans

BYLINE: By Kyveli Diener San Mateo County Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1120 words


SAN MATEO   Many high school seniors are so wrapped up in college applications
that helping anyone else may seem far beyond their capacity.

However, with the help of the San Mateo Rotary Club, a dedicated teacher and an
international nonprofit organization, nine graduating Hillsdale High School
seniors are entering their adult lives with experiences and knowledge about
directly assisting the impoverished that may resonate for years to come.

The Hillsdale Effect was born with the nine students who raised nearly $14,000
to assist destitute women in Guatemala through microlending, an alternative loan
method that gives indigent people the opportunity to provide for themselves
after receiving a manageably repayable financial leg-up. The club already has
several members of Hillsdale's junior class signing on to continue the effort
next year.

"The great thing about this, especially given certain economic problems, is that
these are kids that understand credit and loans and how to use them to improve
other people's lives," said Greg Lance, an English teacher at Hillsdale High who
oversaw the Hillsdale Effect club. "A lot of people on Wall Street didn't
understand that."

The students   Christina Alonso, Victor Gaitan, Jackie Gonzalez, Emily Guidos,
Malini Kannan, Addison Lewellen, Patrick Mason, Giorgiani Mathey and Fiona
Murray   and Lance visited Tecpan and San Mateo Milpas Altas, two rural towns in
Guatemala, in April to meet the microborrowers who benefited from the money they
raised and to see firsthand what life is like in poverty-stricken Central
America.

"It's unimaginable until you witness it," said Alonso, 18, of the lives of the
Guatemalan people she met, who survive on just $1 a day.

Brian Sullivan, a member of the Rotary Club, first brought the idea to Lance in
an effort to advance the group's mission of assisting the impoverished worldwide
while simultaneously educating and involving young people in the efforts.
Sullivan also made connections with a Guatemala-based Rotary Club and Namaste
Direct, an international nonprofit group that specializes in microlending, to
make the program possible.

"Instead of our Rotary Club just writing a check to get it down there, we're
trying to get our kids the best experience possible so we can learn from them
and our kids can learn the power of microcredit and develop good business skills
through that learning process," Sullivan said.

Microloans differ from standard loans in their smaller size and the ability for
groups to guarantee repayment collectively. The small loans, which usually range
from $50 to $300, are more manageable for people without steady income or good
credit, and the ability to provide collateral as a group guarantees repayment
without putting insurmountable pressure on an individual if they are unable to
repay the loan or have no collateral.

"Microlending specifically is a powerful way to change lives," Lance said. "It
gives access to opportunities, it's not charity, (and) it doesn't end tomorrow.
It empowers people, and allows them to improve their lives by giving them that
foothold, and it takes so little."

"(Donations are) not a long-term solution to poverty, and our desire is to work
in poverty alleviation," said Namaste Direct President Kristin Houk. "It's been,
definitely, part of our mission to engage a younger audience and create
philanthropists and do-gooders, but I haven't ever seen something with high
school students."

The Hillsdale students aimed to raise $1,000 each to cover the cost of their
trip to Guatemala, plus an additional $500 each to give a microloan to a single
Guatemalan woman. The young adults raised money through a taco dinner they
hosted at their school with donated food from Mollie Stone's market, writing
letters to friends and families requesting support, printing and selling
Hillsdale Effect T-shirts, hosting a silent auction for the Rotary Club, and
asking for assistance in their cause after presentations they gave to their
peers at school.

At a May 21 presentation to the Rotary Club about their trip, each of the
students presented different reasons for wanting to be involved in the Hillsdale
Effect. Some, such as Murray, took it as an opportunity to continue previous
efforts to help impoverished people internationally. Others of Central American
decent wanted to return to their ancestral homeland and assist those still
living there.

"We're all alike and all very different," said Lewellen, 17. "We're different in
that we have different skills and interests, and alike because we're all looking
for something we could do that would directly affect and better the lives of
other people."

The nine inaugural Hillsdale Effect members agreed that one of the greatest
lessons they learned from their trip to Guatemala was how privileged their
American lives are, and how money used for small purchases like a daily drink at
Starbucks could make a huge difference in the lives of those who live with
essentially nothing.

"It's natural, but so many teenagers and adults end up living in something of a
bubble and not realizing the privileges we have," Lance said. "I think this
experience has popped that bubble for these nine young people. I think now they
do have that consciousness and awareness."

Many of the group members also intend to pass on the message of microlending to
their respective colleges. Lewellen said she is "definitely" joining the
microlending club at Chico State, and Mason said he hopes to start such a club
at the University of Oregon.

"I think it really gives them a sense of agency, that they have the ability to
go out and do something," Lance said of the program's lasting effects. "I think
that'll help them immensely in college and beyond to see themselves as an agent
of change."

The message is still ringing strong in the halls of the high school, though, and
two members of the class of 2010, Josh Cahen and Katherine Caputo, both 17, have
already stepped forward as two of the group's future leaders.

"The Hillsdale Effect has been such a great program, a great club, and it's had
a huge effect. It would be a shame to see this program end with this senior
class, so we felt it was our responsibility to pick it up and carry it forward,"
Cahen said.

Both the Rotary Club and Namaste Direct said the project was such a success that
they hope to continue supporting the Hillsdale Effect for years to come.

"I was absolutely blown away by the sincerity of their efforts. None of them
were doing it because they wanted to get into college; it was all very from
heart," Houk said. "If the students that come in next year are anything like
these students, we'll support it for as long as we can and (for) as long as they
want to carry the program on."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday

San Mateo students help Guatemalans prosper using microloans

BYLINE: By Kyveli Diener San Mateo County Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1121 words


SAN MATEO   Many high school seniors are so wrapped up in college applications
that helping anyone else may seem far beyond their capacity.

However, with the help of the San Mateo Rotary Club, a dedicated teacher and an
international nonprofit organization, nine graduating Hillsdale High School
seniors are entering their adult lives with experiences and knowledge about
directly assisting the impoverished that may resonate for years to come.

The Hillsdale Effect was born with the nine students who raised nearly $14,000
to assist destitute women in Guatemala through microlending, an alternative loan
method that gives indigent people the opportunity to provide for themselves
after receiving a manageably repayable financial leg-up. The club already has
several members of Hillsdale's junior class signing on to continue the effort
next year.

"The great thing about this, especially given certain economic problems, is that
these are kids that understand credit and loans and how to use them to improve
other people's lives," said Greg Lance, an English teacher at Hillsdale High who
oversaw the Hillsdale Effect club. "A lot of people on Wall Street didn't
understand that."

The students   Christina Alonso, Victor Gaitan, Jackie Gonzalez, Emily Guidos,
Malini Kannan, Addison Lewellen, Patrick Mason, Giorgiani Mathey and Fiona
Murray   and Lance visited Tecpan and San Mateo Milpas Altas, two rural towns in
Guatemala, in April to meet the microborrowers who benefited from the money they
raised and to see firsthand what life is like in poverty-stricken Central
America.

"It's unimaginable until you witness it," said Alonso, 18, of the lives of the
Guatemalan people she met, who survive on just $1 a day.

Brian Sullivan, a member of the Rotary Club, first brought the idea to Lance in
an effort to advance the group's mission of assisting the impoverished worldwide
while simultaneously educating and involving young people in the efforts.
Sullivan also made connections with a Guatemala-based Rotary Club and Namaste
Direct, an international nonprofit group that specializes in microlending, to
make the program possible.

"Instead of our Rotary Club just writing a check to get it down there, we're
trying to get our kids the best experience possible so we can learn from them
and our kids can learn the power of microcredit and develop good business skills
through that learning process," Sullivan said.

Microloans differ from standard loans in their smaller size and the ability for
groups to guarantee repayment collectively. The small loans, which usually range
from $50 to $300, are more manageable for people without steady income or good
credit, and the ability to provide collateral as a group guarantees repayment
without putting insurmountable pressure on an individual if they are unable to
repay the loan or have no collateral.

"Microlending specifically is a powerful way to change lives," Lance said. "It
gives access to opportunities, it's not charity, (and) it doesn't end tomorrow.
It empowers people, and allows them to improve their lives by giving them that
foothold, and it takes so little."

"(Donations are) not a long-term solution to poverty, and our desire is to work
in poverty alleviation," said Namaste Direct President Kristin Houk. "It's been,
definitely, part of our mission to engage a younger audience and create
philanthropists and do-gooders, but I haven't ever seen something with high
school students."

The Hillsdale students aimed to raise $1,000 each to cover the cost of their
trip to Guatemala, plus an additional $500 each to give a microloan to a single
Guatemalan woman. The young adults raised money through a taco dinner they
hosted at their school with donated food from Mollie Stone's market, writing
letters to friends and families requesting support, printing and selling
Hillsdale Effect T-shirts, hosting a silent auction for the Rotary Club, and
asking for assistance in their cause after presentations they gave to their
peers at school.

At a May 21 presentation to the Rotary Club about their trip, each of the
students presented different reasons for wanting to be involved in the Hillsdale
Effect. Some, such as Murray, took it as an opportunity to continue previous
efforts to help impoverished people internationally. Others of Central American
decent wanted to return to their ancestral homeland and assist those still
living there.

"We're all alike and all very different," said Lewellen, 17. "We're different in
that we have different skills and interests, and alike because we're all looking
for something we could do that would directly affect and better the lives of
other people."

The nine inaugural Hillsdale Effect members agreed that one of the greatest
lessons they learned from their trip to Guatemala was how privileged their
American lives are, and how money used for small purchases like a daily drink at
Starbucks could make a huge difference in the lives of those who live with
essentially nothing.

"It's natural, but so many teenagers and adults end up living in something of a
bubble and not realizing the privileges we have," Lance said. "I think this
experience has popped that bubble for these nine young people. I think now they
do have that consciousness and awareness."

Many of the group members also intend to pass on the message of microlending to
their respective colleges. Lewellen said she is "definitely" joining the
microlending club at Chico State, and Mason said he hopes to start such a club
at the University of Oregon.

"I think it really gives them a sense of agency, that they have the ability to
go out and do something," Lance said of the program's lasting effects. "I think
that'll help them immensely in college and beyond to see themselves as an agent
of change."

The message is still ringing strong in the halls of the high school, though, and
two members of the class of 2010, Josh Cahen and Katherine Caputo, both 17, have
already stepped forward as two of the group's future leaders.

"The Hillsdale Effect has been such a great program, a great club, and it's had
a huge effect. It would be a shame to see this program end with this senior
class, so we felt it was our responsibility to pick it up and carry it forward,"
Cahen said.

Both the Rotary Club and Namaste Direct said the project was such a success that
they hope to continue supporting the Hillsdale Effect for years to come.

"I was absolutely blown away by the sincerity of their efforts. None of them
were doing it because they wanted to get into college; it was all very from the
heart," Houk said. "If the students that come in next year are anything like
these students, we'll support it for as long as we can and (for) as long as they
want to carry the program on."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        May 1, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Citi to Purchase 1.17 Million Tonnes of Carbon Credits in Innovative
Microfinance Deal with MicroEnergy Credits and Mongolia's XacBank

LENGTH: 786  words


New Delhi, May 1 -- In a deal that combines microloans in Mongolia with the sale
of carbon credits on the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme (EU ETS),
Citi's London-based Environmental Products Trading and Origination team, working
with Citi Microfinance, has agreed to purchase 1.17 million metric tonnes of
carbon credits over the next seven years from Seattle-based social enterprise
MicroEnergy Credits. The carbon credits will be generated by capturing
reductions of greenhouse gas emissions following the installation of more
efficient household insulation and heating fixtures in Ulaanbaatar, the capital
and largest city in Mongolia. The purchase and installation of the fixtures will
be funded through microloans from Mongolia's XacBank.

Under the arrangement, a XacBank customer will purchase an energy efficient
stove or home insulation products like a "ger blanket," which covers a ger, the
traditional and ubiquitous Mongolian portable tent-like structures in which more
than one quarter of the Ulaanbaatar population lives. Gers are traditionally
under-insulated and heated by inefficient coal-burning stoves that contribute to
Ulaanbaatar's especially severe air pollution. Ger blankets greatly increase
heat retention, and, like energy efficient stoves, lower the rate of fossil fuel
consumption and carbon emissions.

The reductions in household emissions accrued through the use of energy
efficient fixtures will be earned by XacBank clients and then assigned to
MicroEnergy Credits, which develops carbon finance projects and brings clean
energy to low income microfinance households in developing countries.
MicroEnergy Credits will then quantify, aggregate, and sell the credits to Citi,
who will monetize these credits on the open market through its Environmental
Products Trading and Origination team. Portions of the proceeds from Citi's
carbon credit purchase will be distributed by MicroEnergy Credits back to
XacBank, allowing the Mongolian lender to expand its clean energy program, build
additional marketing and distribution centers, and increase access to affordable
clean energy loans.

"Citi and our partners collaborated to design a carbon credit financing chain
that connects and values energy saved at the household level with global
emission reduction targets and markets," said Bob Annibale, Global Director of
Citi Microfinance and Community Development. "Together, we are creating the
capacity for Ulaanbaatar residents, living in gers, to access credit to make
home energy efficiency improvements, save money, and limit their harmful
environmental impact. It is a great example of using creative microfinancing to
address client and community needs, and a model that can be applied in other
initiatives and countries."

"We are very excited to be at the heart of a deal which combines the best of
Citi's environmental products market expertise and our track record in the
microfinance sector to deliver tangible positive outcomes for local communities
and the environment," said Stuart Staley, Global Head of Commodities at Citi.
"Under this arrangement, we are implementing an innovative market-based strategy
to tackle real challenges faced by developing countries."

"MicroEnergy Credits is proud to partner with Citi in this landmark agreement,
which brings microfinance households access to clean energy incentives typically
only accessed by large agencies and corporations," said April Allderdice, CEO,
MicroEnergy Credits. "Microfinance institutions like XacBank have the reach to
impact the energy-use options of millions of low-income households around the
world. MicroEnergy Credits provides the carbon monitoring and aggregating system
to be sure these carbon incentives reach the people that can use them.
Agreements like this one allow low income families to use microfinance to clean
the environment and improve their quality of life."

"As a triple bottom line bank, dedicated to working for People, Planet, and
Profit, XacBank is committed to tackling air pollution in our capital city- now
the most polluted city in the world in the winter," said Bat Ochir Dugersuren,
CEO of XacBank. "With access to carbon revenues through our partnership with
MicroEnergy Credits and agreement with Citi, XacBank's Eco Banking Department
will expand our services so that all Mongolian families have access to energy
efficient products to reduce pollution, improve their health, and save money."

The first carbon credits are expected to be available for purchase by Citi in
March 2013. The program is in the process of being registered and approved
through the Clean Development Mechanism run by the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).

copyright contify.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                               September 9, 2013

Indianapolis Business Journal

LENGTH: 476 words


Catch up on our best digital-]irst content you may have missed.

ibj.com/

newsletters Sign up ]or FREE at ibj.com/newsletters

dailyl Tech group to trumpet city's digital marketing niche (Sept. 3) TV
stations continue to boost news programming (Sept. 4) Conour fraud case starts
avalanche of lawsuits (Sept. 5)

& health reform care weekly OurHealth readies citywide network of clinics (Sept.
3)

real estate weekly City targets east-side parcel for housing development (Sept.
3)

ibj.com/

blogs See what's new at ibj.com/blogs

Roundup: Brewstone fails in snakebitten site The restaurant-bar lasts less than
two years at the former Music Mill spot. Plus, Starbucks, Studio Movie Grill and
more.

New boss to overhaul month of May Mark Miles is showing the guts it takes to
move IndyCar and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in a new direction.

Pence team starting Medicaid talks The governor's go-slow approach could push an
expansion of Medicaid eligibility to the end of 2014.

Microloans open financing avenue Organizers of Zionsville's fledgling, $200,000
microloan program are looking for more businesses to help.

Groups coordinate exhibits on 1960s Local museums and historical organizations
want to work together to stage exhibitions starting in January.

ibj.com/

polls Have your voice heard at ibj.com/polls

NEW POLL PREVIOUS POLL RESULTS

The whole world on Do minimum-wage workers deserve a break? your wrist A
national protest over fast-food wages has put the Samsung has unveiled spotlight
on the federal minimum wage. President the next generation in Obama wants to
raise it from $7.25 to $9 per hour. mobile digital devices-a What do you think?
$299 smartwatch. Will It's only fair. 55% you be an early adopter? It will do
more harm than good. 45%

Results as of Sept. 5, based on 135 responses

ibj multimedia .com/

IBJ honors Indy's healthiest employers Wellness programs help companies beyond
just a reduction in claims. IBJ recognizes the firms making a big difference in
the lives of their employees.

ibj.com/

twitter Keep up with IBJ on social media at ibj.com/twitter

INDIANAPOLIS BUSINESS JOURNAL (ISSN 0274-4929) is published weekly every Monday,
except semi-weekly the second week in December, by IBJ Media, 41 E. Washington
Street, Suite 200, Indianapolis, IN 46204-3592, (317)634-6200. Copyright IBJ
Media, 2013. All rights reserved. Reproduction or use without permission of
editorial or graphic content in any manner is prohibited. Periodicals postage
paid at Indianapolis, Indiana. Annual subscription rate is $79 for 53 issues,
two years is $142 for 106 issues, and three years is $194 for 159 issues.
Enclose a copy of mail label with subscription inquiry or change of address.
Allow two weeks for all transactions to take effect. POSTMASTER-Send address
change to Indianapolis Business Journal, 41 E. Washington Street, Suite 200,
Indianapolis, IN 46204-3592.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Emphasis on
military veterans and limited-resource farmers

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA)
announced more than $18 million in grants to educate, mentor, and enhance the
sustainability of the next generation of farmers. The grants are available
through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP)
administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), which was
authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              June 29, 2012 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Microloan program a good deal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 481 words


Not yet a week old, an altruistic small business loan program is already
yielding dividends.

Called Kiva City Los Angeles, it's essentially a grass-roots philanthropic
effort to help small businesses grow and add jobs to the economy through a
process called "crowdfunding."

It's easier and cheaper than you might think. All it takes is an Internet
connection and 25 bucks.

Called Kiva City Los Angeles, it's a collaboration between Mayor Antonio
Villaraigosa's Office of Small Business, the Van Nuys-based Valley Economic
Development Center, Kiva.org and Visa Inc.

And it makes sense. San Francisco- based Kiva, a nonprofit, came up with the
fundraising model in 2005 to help developing countries prosper. So why can't it
jolt the region's underperforming economy into a higher gear?

"A crowd of people lending to a business owner on Kiva.org gives each of us a
chance to support thriving local economies, communities and jobs," Kiva
President Premal Shah said.

"If the money stored in our wallets was given a new life for a short amount of
time, as a loan to a small business owner, each of us could help to shape the
course and success of the economy."

Roberto Barragan, the VEDC's president and CEO, believes the program has merits.

"It's a whole new capital source for Los Angeles that we haven't had," he said.

And it's already paying off.

Kiva L.A. started earlier this week and generated a $56,000 loan fund in the
first two days, said VEDC spokeswoman Lisa Winkle. Nine of 13 businesses
approved for the program have already received loans.

Kiva's reach is global, too. Some of the money came from out of state and
Europe, she said.

The initiative is focused on microloans between $1,000 and $10,000.

Here's how it works:

Small businesses apply for the program through the VEDC (vedc.org). Once a
business is approved, it is posted at kiva.org/la for investors to review.

Investors can go to the Kiva L.A. site and open a loan account by using a credit
or debit card. Deposits into the account can be made in $25 increments, but
investors don't receive any interest income, Winkle said.

Investors who find a business they like can direct the funds to it and are
listed on its Kiva page. Their location is noted but not their loan amount,
Winkle said.

The VEDC will service the loans and investors can access their accounts to check
monthly loan fund balances as payments come in.

Once a company is fully funded and the loan repaid, investors can take their
money out, but the hope is they will roll it over into another business.

Barragan has high hopes for the program, since microloans like this typically
add 1.5 jobs per loan to a local economy and the repayment rate is 98percent, he
said.

"I think it's great. I expect we'll have about $100,000 a month," he said of the
Kiva fund.

Early returns suggest he might be aiming a bit low.

greg.wilcox@dailynews.com

818-713-3743,

twitter.com/dngregwilcox

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 1, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

LOCALLY

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 273  words


GMAC to finance condo project PALM COAST GMAC Commercial Mortgage Corp. has
arranged $28.3 million in financing for the Admirals Cove Condominiums, a
marina/residential/retail project on the Intracoastal Waterway, just off
Oceanshore Boulevard. The project, which the Ginn Co. is building as part of its
Hammock Beach development, includes 88 condos. Front Porch offers business loans
DAYTONA BEACH Small businessowners in the citys Front Porch Community are
eligible for microloans ranging from $5,000 to $15,000. Applications are
available through Central Florida Community Development Corp.

Completed loans will be processed and approved on a first-come, first-ready
basis, said Jennifer Dash, economic services manager for CFCDC, housed in the
Daytona Beach Enterprise Center at 847 Orange Ave. The microloan program is open
to applicants that are at least 18 years old and operate an existing business or
are relocating a business within the Front Porch zone. The community includes
the area bounded south and north by Bellevue Avenue and George Engram Boulevard
and from South Nova Road and Segrave Street. For information, call (386)
258-7520. Gallery raising money for center NEW SMYRNA BEACH Arts on Douglas Fine
Art and Collectibles is foregoing its month-long featured artist solo exhibit
during May in favor of an art auction to benefit the Atlantic Center for the
Arts new visitor center and gallery. There will be a live auction of six pieces
from the gallerys stable of artists during a reception at 4 p.m. today. Another
28 works by the in-house artists will be sold during a silent auction running
through May 28. Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business
                                 Print Version

                                 July 13, 2015

Small businesses get big help from microloans

BYLINE: JAY MILLER; jmiller@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 5 Vol. 36

LENGTH: 1079  words


It's like the television show "Shark Tank," only on a smaller, neighborhood
scale. Make the best pitch and you'll win some cash to help build your business.

But where contestants on the ABC-network reality television show may seek
financial support in the six- or seven-figure range, the winners of the local
program, which doesn't have a glitzy name, seem happy with their four-figure
awards. These awards - called microloans in the financial community- will help
them move their businesses out of a basement or den into one of the area's older
urban communities looking to rebuild its commercial areas.

"I think we're going to use the ($5,000) for rent for a storefront and for
inventory," said James Conti, one of three partners in winner Cleveland Jam. "We
started looking for space in Old Brooklyn; there are couple spots along Pearl
Road we looked at. We liked that area."

For now, the 18-month-old business has been making beer and wine jams in Conti's
home in Strongsville. A shop in Old Brooklyn, near the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo,
would be a homecoming for Conti.

"I grew up in Old Brooklyn," he said. "This was a great opportunity to get back
to the old neighborhood."

Conti said the business plan he and his two partners drew up has a five-year
goal of operating a winery. For now, Conti just hopes to have a space in Old
Brooklyn to sell beer- and wine-making supplies in addition to making the jams
the business now sells online and at Great Lakes Brewery.

Northeast Ohio has developed a strong network for incubating glitzy, tech
businesses and manufacturers. Organizations like JumpStart, Magnet and NorTech
have stood ready to assist these startups with training and advice and helped
them find five-, six-, or seven-figure financing.

But the class of entrepreneurs operating on a smaller or more local scale -
businesses that sell or produce food, clothing or crafts or independent
professionals whose ambitions have them convinced that their business can grow
if they have an office address and maybe a partner or an employee - have had a
harder time finding a leg up.

At the same time, it has become increasingly difficult for many older
communities to maintain vibrant commercial districts. Shopping centers built
around big-box retailers and the office buildings and business parks of the
outer suburbs are magnets for ambitious retailers and service and professional
businesses that have had some success and want more. But those moves take
taxpaying jobs with them and leave urban neighborhoods with vacant storefronts.

Here's the pitch

A study of the training and credit available to the smallest businesses,
commissioned by the Cleveland Foundation and the Business of Good Foundation in
Cleveland, found a substantial unmet demand for credit for these smallest
businesses. It identified six ZIP codes as target areas for microloans.

That study led to grants to three communities from the Ohio Capital Impact
Corp., a Columbus nonprofit that partnered with Huntington Bank to support
affordable housing and neighborhood redevelopment.

Old Brooklyn Community Development Corp. used its grant to create a competitive
program for three, $5,000 business development grants. The city of Shaker
Heights and the St. Clair-Superior Development Corp. are creating similar
programs.

The Old Brooklyn program started with nearly 30 entrants and the development
corporation chose 10 finalists to go to a four-session entrepreneurial training
program run by Economic and Community Development Institute (ECDI), another
Columbus nonprofit that operates a training program as an adjunct to its own
microlending programs.

The end product of the training program was a business plan, and the finalists
made brief pitches to a panel of judges, à la "Shark Tank," at the end of June.
In addition to Cleveland Jam, the winners are Connie's Affogato and JAC
Creative.

Connie's Affogato sells espresso-over-gelato drinks, affogatos, from
bicycle-powered ice-cream carts. JAC Creative is a creative services business
that specializes in branding and web marketing. Both will bring their businesses
out of homes and into storefronts in Old Brooklyn.

"I'm using the grant funds to build out four carts," said Jason Minter of
Connie's Affogato. "Aside from that, I'm raising some capital on my own and I'm
planning a Kickstarter campaign around the time I open next April."

Jeff Verespej, executive director of the development corporation, said the main
goal was to bring businesses to the commercial district of the neighborhood,
emanating from the intersection of Pearl and Broadview roads. The partnership
with ECDI and its Small Enterprise Education Development program, or SEED, and
the competition were important because they gave him confidence in the
competency of the winners.

"Folks come in every day with a dream," he said. "We don't have the ability or
the technical expertise to turn that into reality. Lauren does."

"Lauren" is Lauren Smith, ECDI Cleveland's manager of entrepreneurial services.
She said that in addition to the four training sessions ECDI will continue to be
available to the competition winners for coaching and mentoring.

As Old Brooklyn's program is ending, Shaker Heights is just beginning its
competition. Katharyne Starinsky, an economic development specialist with the
city, said Shaker Heights is targeting a struggling commercial district at the
western edge of the suburb, along Chagrin Boulevard and Lee Road.

"It's so we can raise the profile of Shaker Heights and get people thinking
about opening their business here," she said. "It's also about getting more
local, creative businesses here and diversifying our retail mix, as well as
(filling) office space."

St. Clair-Superior's program is still gestating and may end up as one part of a
broader effort to help a range of businesses. Some are of the home-based variety
that the other programs are targeting, but others are multi-generational ethnic
retail businesses that need help coming into the 21st century.

Michael Fleming, executive director of the community development group, said his
group saw that some of these older businesses had little or no social media or
online presence, which led to a realization that these businesses need help
developing their marketing skills.

Fleming said the Ohio Capital grant and the ECDI training may be used to help
lure some of the vendors who come to the monthly neighborhood flea market, the
Cleveland Flea, into the neighborhood on a storefront basis.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                              July 6, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£13,000 funding for waste firm's big ideas

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 235 words


A LOCAL waste management business has secured a £13,000 loan investment from the
Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund. Gateshead-based Budget Waste has
received the investment, a regional loan scheme managed by Rivers Capital
Partners that provides small businesses with micro loans, to fund their big
ideas.

The firm provides a skip hire, house clearance and waste removal service to
customers in the North East and operates from its own waste transfer station,
set up with approval from the Environment Agency and local council, which means
they can legally dispose of both household and industrial waste.

Shaun Baldwin, director at Budget Waste, began trading in 2013 as a skip hire
broker with minimal experience in the waste industry.

He saw a gap in the market for waste services and used his experience in online
marketing, and background in design to build a small website where he took a
small commission for referring customers from his website to already established
skip hire companies.

He now plans to expand in a number of ways with the Microloan's assistance,
initially, purchasing plant equipment and environmental licenses from the
government.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Shaun has imagined
a bigger future for his business.

"He would like to employ local people, look after them and integrate his company
harmoniously into the community and environment."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 823  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA)
announced more than $18 million in grants to educate, mentor, and enhance the
sustainability of the next generation of farmers. The grants are available
through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP)
administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), which was
authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.

More information about USDA support for new farmers and ranchers is available at
www.usda.gov/newfarmers.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is currently accepting
applications for the 2015 grant cycle. Applications are due March 13, 2015.

Funding for the BFRDP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Citibank distributes 125G to non-profits

BYLINE: BY GLORIA CAMPISI; campisg@phillynews.com 215-854-5935

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 297 words


A COMMUNITY-development arm of Citibank today announced a $125,000 grant to be
split between two local nonprofits to provide microloans to entrepreneurs and
small businesspeople.

One of the nonprofits, Finanta, is based in the eastern part of North
Philadelphia and has a large clientele in the Hispanic community, said Donald L.
Haskin, senior vice president at Citi Community Development.

The other non-profit, Entrepreneur Works, is based in Center City and has a
large clientele in the African-American and African-Caribbean communities, he
said.

In a related event, the city today announced small-business funding awards
totaling more than $2.3 million and the re-launching of a program to support
immigrant-owned businessses.

In addition, the U.S. Treasury announced grants to Pennsylvania community banks
from its Small Business Lending Fund, including $11.7 million to the
Reinvestment Fund, Inc. of Philadelphia.

Microloans are ususally too small to be handled by conventional banks, Haskin
said.

They are commonly used in rural areas of underdeveloped countries to get small
businesses started, said Leslie Benoliel, chief executive officer of
Entrepreneur Works.

Successful repayment of the small loans helps business startups build a credit
rating, which will help them borrow more from other financial institutions in
the future, Haskin said.

"Increasingly, a strong credit score is an asset that is often required for
employment and access to a greater range of low-cost services and products,"
said Luis Mora, executive director of Finanta.

The microlending program will use a peer-based banking arrangement in which
small groups of individual entrepreneurs will work together to decide lending
limits among themselves and monitor repayment of the loans, Haskin said.


LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday

Nobel winner, his work are well-known at BYU

BYLINE: By Sheena McFarland The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 619 words


Impoverished Latinos in Provo are benefiting from the revolutionary microcredit
idea of Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus.

The Bangladeshi has worked with professors and students at Brigham Young
University to create nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) that give microcredit
- small loans of about $200 - in impoverished areas of Utah County and villages
in Mozambique.

Warner Woodworth, a professor of social entrepreneurship at BYU, struck up a
working relationship with Yunus about 10 years ago. Woodworth took a group of
about eight students to hear Yunus speak at a conference on the East Coast, and
Yunus was impressed with the large showing from Utah, Woodworth said.

"He was blown away by the fact we went across the country," said Woodworth, who
had already started a couple of microloans before he met Yunus.

Yunus subsequently came to BYU to speak to an overflow crowd. Woodworth then
formed a faculty committee on poverty, overseen by Yunus, who also sits on the
editorial board of an academic journal Woodworth started, Journal of
Microfinance.

The collaboration between the two led to BYU students and faculty raising about
$8 million and starting more than 20 microcredit organizations, which this year
will extend about a million microloans globally. The money comes from private
donations, much of it contributed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints, which owns BYU. The concept defies traditional banking practices, which
cater to customers with collateral. Microcredit allows a person to purchase a
dairy cow or sewing machine and repay the money without interest for others to
use.

That Yunus won the award was no shock to his nephew, Ujal Ibrahim, a junior at
BYU studying microbiology and communications.

"We have expected it for a while, but we thought maybe it would be the economics
prize," Ibrahim said.

Ibrahim and his older brother, Kushal, applied to BYU as a result of Yunus'
connections with the school.

Kushal Ibrahim earned a Master's of Business Administration about four years ago
and is now working in Texas.

Ujal Ibrahim met several BYU students who volunteered as interns at Yunus'
microcredit bank in Bangladesh, Grameen Bank, and "made a connection" with the
students.

"BYU attracted me most of all the schools I applied to. With my family
connections, high academics standards, and the moral atmosphere, this was the
place for me," said Ibrahim, who is Muslim.

BYU also became the first U.S. university to award Yunus with an honorary
doctorate.

Ned Hill, dean of BYU's school of management, has hosted Yunus during campus
visits.

"He is a world-class individual, who has helped the poor of the world become
self-reliant," Hill said.

Self-reliance is something Woodworth wants for Latinos in Provo. The NGO started
by Woodworth and his students, MicroBusiness Mentors, gives out $500 loans and
holds training sessions to help Latin American immigrants start their own
businesses. Woodworth anticipates about $130,000 in donations in the next two
years and hopes to bump up the amount of money loaned. He also plans to open a
branch in Salt Lake to help the Polynesian community.

"We want to get gangs off the streets and reduce violence by providing viable
jobs for people," Woodworth said.

He credits Yunus for the inspiration and dedication he has shown to his students
and to those who have benefited from microloans. His dedication has spanned from
hosting CEOs to learn about microcredit in Bangladesh to speaking at this year's
Stadium of Fire Fourth of July celebration.

"The thing I love about him is everything I've proposed, he's said yes to,"
Woodworth said. "He's always done what he said he would do and given his time
and energy willingly."

smcfarland@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Group to try $2 a day challenge

BYLINE: Christy Mullins, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


April 19--Starting Wednesday, a handful of IU business students will try to
survive 36 hours with only $4 in their pockets.

The Trockman Microfinance Initiative, a group of about 40 students in Indiana
University's Kelley School of Business, has accepted the Two Dollar Challenge of
finding somewhere to sleep, eat, wash up and communicate, away from their dorm
rooms, apartments and personal computers, with only $2 a day.

It's all to raise awareness of microfinance and microloans -- a way of using
business to relieve poverty by giving loans of $100 to $200 at a time to the
less fortunate, which the recipients would eventually pay back, said publicity
chairman and freshman Thomas Weber, 19. Around 20 of the group's 40 students
will take shelter in Dunn Meadow, on the corner of Seventh Street and Woodlawn
Avenue, and they'll use only public restrooms to relieve themselves and public
libraries to study and do homework. No cellphones are allowed during the two
days.

"Over half the world lives on less than $2 a day, so we're going to try to live
on less than $2 a day for 36 hours," Weber said. "We're trying to make the
experience as real as possible."

The group also will take donations to fund a microloan through Opportunity
International, a national microfinance institution. This year's loan recipient
has not yet been chosen.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110419-BM-Group-to-try-2-a-day-challenge-0419-20110419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2011 Herald-Times


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

New Orleans, LA - Feb. 2, 2015 - Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy
Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA) announced more than $18 million in grants to
educate, mentor, and enhance the sustainability of the next generation of
farmers. The grants are available through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program (BFRDP) administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA), which was authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm
Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.

More information about USDA support for new farmers and ranchers is available at
www.usda.gov/newfarmers.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is currently accepting
applications for the 2015 grant cycle. Applications are due March 13, 2015.

Funding for the BFRDP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at:
www.nifa.usda.gov.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 6, 2006 Wednesday

Microbusinesses attain success in El Paso

BYLINE: By Louie Gilot / El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 742 words


Microfinancing -- tiny loans to tiny businesses -- is not widespread in the
United States, where credit cards are easily obtainable. But on the Texas-Mexico
border, microfinancing is big business.

In a recent study, the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas found many microbusiness
and microlending success stories in El Paso and on the Texas border.

Acción Texas, the biggest affiliate of Acción USA, the largest microlending
network in the nation, made $11.7 million in microloans to 1,476 clients on the
Texas border since 1994, creating $18.8 million in new economic activity and 244
new jobs, the Fed reported.

New microbusiness creation on the Texas border also outpaced the Texas and U.S.
rates combined. According to the Census Bureau, the number of one-person
enterprises rose 113 percent on the border between 1992 and 2002, but only 32
percent in Texas and 25 percent in the U.S. Microbusiness sales on the Texas
border also outpaced microbusiness sales in Texas and in the U.S.

Economists at the Fed credited population growth on the border, as well as an
entrepreneurial tradition in immigrant populations, especially those from
countries with high rates of self-employment such as Mexico.

This is certainly true for Norma and Marly Payan, a mother and daughter team
that owns Marly's Fashion, a dress shop at 3233 N. Mesa.

Their family members in Chihuahua are almost all in business for themselves --
owning cleaning services, construction firms, maintenance shops and other
businesses.

Marly Payan said the entrepreneurial spirit is even stronger in those who
emigrate.

"I think there's a strong desire to build in our community, to contribute. It's
not the mentality of just being an employee," she said.

Marly's Fashion started three years ago in the family's house with Norma Payan
sewing wedding and quinceañera dresses. To grow, the Payans started borrowing
from Acción Texas.

The first loan of $1,000 was for equipment and fabric. Eventually, the Payans
borrowed $8,000 to open the store.

Acción Texas has flourished in El Paso, where it makes $100,000 in loans through
10 to 15 loans a month.

"We look for home-based businesses to help them graduate to a kiosk at the mall
and eventually a storefront," said Sandy Johnston, a junior loan officer at
Acción Texas.

Loans, funded by the Small Business Administration and private grants, can be
for as little as $500 and as much as $50,000. The interest rates range from 9
percent to 18 percent.

Other microloans in El Paso include the revolving loans from the FEMAP
Foundation's Seeds Across the Border.

Many banks also have micro loans but few will lend to entrepreneurs with credit
scores in the 450 to 500 range. The other options are high-interest pawnshops
and loan sharks.

Acción Texas' portfolio has grown from $610,000 in 1995 to more than $8 million
in 2005, an annual growth rate of 120 percent, the Fed reported.

While the Texas border accounts for 12 percent of the state's population, it
accounts for 31 percent of Acción Texas loans.

The loan repayment rate is about 90 percent.

Acción Texas also offers classes about credit, banking, business forecasts and
business plans, with Project Vida and the Small Business Development center..

A few hundred thousand businesses benefit from microlending in the United
States, the Federal Reserve Bank said.

Microlending, conceived by the Grameen Bank of Bangladesh in the 1970s, has
enjoyed great success in the developing world by bolstering standards of living
and promoting economic education, the Fed said.

In Bangladesh, microfinance reduced poverty rates by about 3 percent a year from
1991 to 1999.

Louie Gilot may be reached at lgilot@elpasotimes.com; 546-6131.

For more information: www.dallasfed.org.



Self-employment on the border
Self-employed growth 1992-2002:

     ·    Texas border: up 113 percent. Texas: up 32 percent. United States: up
          25 percent. Micro-business sales growth 1992-2002:Texas border: up 114
          percent. Texas: up 63 percent. United States: up 44 percent. Source:
          U.S. Census Bureau.Meet the microsTop five micro occupations that
          benefited from Acción lending on the border between 1994 and
          2005.Truck drivers: 11.56 percent.Food preparers: 9.72
          percent.Mechanics: 6.05 percent.Contractors: 5.76 percent. Apparel
          makers: 3.84 percent. Source:"Acción Texas.Acción El PasoWhere: 1359
          Lomaland.Information: 629-6727, 6729 and 6731; or visit
          www.acciontexas.org.Loans (Oct. 1995-Sept. 2006): Number of loans,
          903; amount disbursed: $5,742,528.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marly's Fashion owners Marly Payan, right, and her mother, Norma Payan,
started their business with the help of a $1,000 microloan three years ago. They
paid off that loan and got another for $8,000 to open their store.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Mobile firm gets cash injection for growth plans

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 172 words


MOBILE phone accessories supplier Nutshell Covers has secured a £6,000 cash
injection.

The Team Valley small business received the funding from the Finance for
Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital Partners.

Directors Chris Timmins and Jonathan Davey now plan to expand their range of
accessories and gadgets using the money.

Nutshell offers customers change to design their own items using uploaded
personal photographs or images.

Mr Davey "The average phone price is over £500, and people want to be able to
protect and accessorise them."

The team at Nutshell Covers brings together a combination of design and
management expertise. Mr Timmins has experience in graphic design and sales
field, and has also been managing director of a print company. Mr Davey pursued
a foundation degree in Architectural Technology.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "The investment
into Nutshell Covers demonstrates the multitude of ways in which a Microloan
cash injection can grow a small business."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Women turn Dec. 6 into a day of resilience

BYLINE: Carol Goar Toronto Star

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 769 words


Dec. 6 is a date that lives in infamy for Canadian women.

That was the day, 25 years ago on Saturday, when a feminist-hating gunman
slaughtered 14 young women at #201;cole Polytechnique in Montreal. This year's
anniversary will be particularly poignant, coming amid the scandal over CBC
radio host Jian Ghomeshi's alleged mistreatment of a succession of women, the
outpouring of revelations of unreported rape, and the soul-searching about how
to end violence against women.

Here in Toronto, the tragedy will be marked by more than the usual memorials and
vigils. Five sisters have planted seeds of hope for women still in danger.

The daughters of Julia Ruby, one of Toronto's pioneering women's leaders, have
just announced a $1-million gift to the YWCA's Dec. 6 Fund, which helps women
escaping violence support themselves and their children as they rebuild their
lives. The landmark donation, announced Thursday evening, will increase the fund
by 500 per cent, allowing the YWCA to offer more and bigger microloans to
survivors of domestic abuse.

From the beginning, women in this city wanted to do more than mourn. A small
group mobilized to raise $100,000 and handed it to the YWCA to offer a better
future to vulnerable women. With tireless fundraising, the Y increased the total
to $250,000 - enough to provide loans to about 100 women a year.

Now, thanks to the Ruby family gift, the fund stands at $1.25 million. That will
allow the non-profit agency to put a floor under the feet of more women and to
supplement its microloans with other services: housing assistance, legal
services and employment counselling.

"I think of the Dec. 6 Fund as a financial support group; when a woman reaches
out, other women are there, ready and willing to help," said Heather McGregor,
CEO of the Toronto YWCA.

The donation is a fitting tribute to Julia Ruby, who died at the age of 90. She
spent most of her adult life as a YWCA builder, volunteer and activist. She
helped develop the values that guide the organization today. She chaired the
board of the national YWCA and served as member of the YWCA World Council.

But she had many other roles. She was a radio host at CFRB, a dancer with the
Toronto Ballet Company, an environmentalist before anyone coined the term, and a
refugee advocate who practised what she preached.

"She was a leader, but never in a self-important way," says Jan, one of her
daughters. She remembers her mother furnishing apartments for women escaping
violence, cooking casseroles for community gatherings, and offering the family's
living room to homeless newcomers from other lands.

Jan and her sisters (Joanna, Julia, Mary and Victoria) grew up listening to
these visitors - from Guatemala, Nigeria, Ghana, Zambia, Columbia and Peru -
tell stories about their mother's philanthropy.

"They talked about her leadership on fundamental humanitarian projects like safe
drinking water, sustainable food sources and basic pediatric medicine," Jan
recalled.

This year, the five women have combined their savings to honour their mother's
work and extend her legacy. They hope their gift will be matched by individual
donations. "We're pretty confident (that will happen)," said Maureen Adams,
director of advocacy and communications for YWCA Toronto. "This is an
opportunity to go beyond $1 million."

She acknowledges that the 14 women gunned down during Marc L#233;pine's killing
spree were not victims of domestic violence. But they were targeted because they
were women. (The gunman deliberately separated the male and female students and
shot only the women, claiming he was "fighting feminism.") They were part of a
bigger national tragedy.

After the slaughter, some women made gun control their cause. Others focused on
what they called the "war against women," demanding a national plan to eradicate
gender violence. In London, Ont., a handful of men started a White Ribbon
Campaign to stand with women, challenge sexist attitudes and educate the next
generation about healthy, equal relationships.

The Toronto YWCA took a quieter approach, using its limited resources to weave a
safety net for women trapped in violent relationships. Every six days a woman in
Canada is killed by her intimate partner. Every night, 3,300 women who have
escaped sleep in emergency shelters. Most have no income and no marketable
skills.

A quarter century after the tragedy, the Y has a substantial endowment. It is
speaking out, asking all Torontonians to help it match the Ruby family's gift.
It hopes to make Dec. 6, 2014, a day of resilience, not just remembrance.

Carol Goar's column appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday

Citi's Environmental Products Trading and Origination team to buy 1.17 million
metric tons of carbon credits

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: New York


    Citi's London-based Environmental Products Trading and Origination team,
working with Citi Microfinance, will buy 1.17 million metric tons of carbon
credits over the next seven years from Seattle-based social enterprise
MicroEnergy Credits.   A XacBank customer will buy an energy-efficient stove or
 home insulation product like a "ger blanket," under the arrangement. "ger
blanket" covers a ger, the traditional and ubiquitous Mongolian portable
tent-like structures in which over one quarter of the Ulaanbaatar population
lives.   The deal combines microloans in Mongolia with the sale of carbon
credits on the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme. After the installation
of more efficient household insulation and heating fixtures in Ulaanbaatar, the
 carbon credits will be generated by capturing reductions of greenhouse gas
emissions. The buy and installation of the fixtures will be funded through
microloans from Mongolia's XacBank.  Global Director of Citi Microfinance and
Community Development Bob Annibale said that Citi and our partners collaborated
 to design a carbon credit financing chain that connects and values energy
saved at the household level with global emission reduction targets and
markets. Together, we are creating the capacity for Ulaanbaatar residents,
living in gers, to access credit to make home energy efficiency improvements,
save money and limit their harmful environmental impact. It is a great example
of using creative microfinancing to address client and community needs and a
model that can be applied in other initiatives and countries, the director
added.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              March 5, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

LETTERS

BYLINE: AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1295 words


No votes for robo-callers

Re: March 2 article "Fact checking shows politicians often skew truth."

According to PolitifactTexas.com, we hear lies at least 33 percent of the time
from our politicians running for election. On top of that, the numbers of
robo-calls are going through the roof. These calls are intrusive and rude.

Lazy politicians are more concerned with getting their name mentioned than
wanting to engage me in a discussion about what they really stand for and what I
will support.

Just wanted to let all of you who used a robo-call know: I went out of my way to
cast a vote for your opponent.

Richard Hand

Round Rock

No joke

Re: March 1 editorial "How to combat al Qaeda's new focus."

How fortunate we are that you give us the worldly wisdom of the Boston Globe:

"" homeland security requires that government and opinion makers help Muslim
leaders educate young people against the siren song of al Qaeda."

What a masterful strategy! Did you print this as a joke?

Charles Fitzsimmons

Lakeway

Seton and A&M medical school

Re: Feb. 18 letter "We have a medical school."

The Seton Family of Hospitals is very supportive of the Texas A&M Health

Science Center in Williamson County. Seton has been working closely for years
with Dr. Nancy Dickey (A&M's vice chancellor for health affairs). Currently, 15
Seton Medical Center Williamson doctors serve as faculty for A&M medical
students at the hospital.

Recently, Seton, A&M and the Lone Star Circle of Care opened five clinics and a
pharmacy at the Health Science Center, sponsored by a $3.5 million Seton grant.
Seton also made a $600,000 grant to the A&M Health Science Center in support of
its nursing school.

Also, Seton is working with leaders of the University of Texas System and UT
Southwestern Medical School to establish a strong academic and medical research
program in Austin and to take advantage of the incredible resource in our
backyard - the University of Texas.

Mark Hazelwood

President and CEO

Seton Medical Center Williamson

Taxes are not too high

Tax protesters claim taxes are too high. But compared with what? To what we used
to pay?

The top federal income tax rate is at nearly its lowest level in 50 years, and
total federal tax revenue as a percentage of gross domestic product, including
employment taxes such as Social Security, hasn't been this low since 1950.
Including state and local taxes, the tax burden as a percent of GDP is only
slightly higher than in the 1970s.

Compared with what citizens of other nations pay? Taxes in the U.S., as a
percentage of gross national product, rank fifth from the bottom among the 30
most-advanced nations of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and
Development. The U.S. lands squarely in the middle among all nations.

Spending might be too high. Borrowing might be too high. Tax protesters might be
too high. Taxes are not, by any sensible measure, too high.

Mark Henricks

mark@markhenricks.com

Austin

Renewable energy

Austin's City Council should be very cautious about adopting Austin Energy's
plan to increase its reliance on renewable energy. The latest GreenChoice
voluntary subscription is unfilled. Why? It costs too much.

A better idea is to capitalize on existing, plentiful sources of energy -
working to make them cleaner - and introduce renewable sources as they become
more cost efficient (without subsidies).

Cap and trade is dead. And the EPA's new authority in this area will not be
permitted to achieve a back-door cap and trade. Several states, including Texas,
have filed suit to block such attempts.

While renewables seem attractive, there are problems: Wind turbines are very
inefficient; solar requires a vast surface area; and biomass-fired plants emit
many of the pollutants Austin seeks to reduce.

All are very expensive on the front end and are not as efficient or reliable as
conventional power.

David Mahn

Austin

Health care costs

Re: Feb. 28 article "Health care reform a lifeline for student with bleeding
disorder."

It was heart-wrenching to read of Christian Rodriguez's struggle with severe
hemophilia. I have no idea what it means to live in fear everyday of this
disease.

But what struck me is the cost of treatment - $87,000 per month, which is almost
the twice the average family income PER YEAR in the U.S. It is a whopping $1
million per year.

How will society ever pay for this? Insurance companies and the government will
go bankrupt. With an aging population,

advanced medical procedures, expensive drugs and increasing life expectancy,
there is no way public or private sectors can remain solvent with the current
system.

Every time I read about medical miracles, I wonder, "How can we pay? Is this a
slippery slope?" This reads heartless, but it needs serious thought.

Prabhudev Konana

Austin

Microfinance

Re: Feb. 27 article "Whole Foods feeds its microloan initiative."

It is great to read that Austin's Whole Foods partners with microloan pioneer
Muhammad Yunus to create efficient microloan programs and has helped more than
330,000 people, enabling poor people to start small businesses. Smart choice,
because he has proved how microloans can transform the lives of poor women.

While Whole Foods seeks to raise $1.5 million more, Americans collectively
provided $265 million for microfinance last year. Seem like a lot? That's one
dollar for every $30,000 of military spending in the Middle East.

I urge Congress to support a more balanced use of our tax dollars - one that
better reflects the values of Americans. Texas representatives should contact
appropriations leaders right now and urge them to allocate $500 million for
microfinance.

Mark Coats

mbcoats@gmail.com

Austin

Illegal immigration poll

Re: Feb. 20 article "Reform advocates gather to call for immigration shift."

The article cites a poll that states that most Texans would rather see a path to
citizenship versus deportation for illegal immigrants. The poll omitted the
option of using E-Verify. This electronic system verifies a person's
identification through the Social Security database and has held up in federal
court.

Could it be that the media wants us to believe that resistance is futile?

LARRY WHITE

Austin

WORTH SHARING

Saving rainforests

The Jan. 25 article "Amazonian challenge" really hit home for me. I was born in
Brazil and lived there until I was 11; now I am 14 and an eighth-grader at
Murchison Middle School.

I want to applaud these two young men for stepping out of their comfort zone and
wanting to "learn about the people of the Amazon and raise awareness about the
declining rainforests."

Pam LeBlanc gave us an easy way to picture the rate at which rainforests are
disappearing: "23,000 football fields per day." If that isn't a wake-up call, I
don't know what is. The rainforest is our oxygen - the Earth's lungs. Destroying
it will cost us more than we can imagine.

Two summers ago, my trip started where Tim Hawkins and Joseph Hochman's left off
- on the Negro River in the heart of the Amazon. I got to hold an anaconda,
monkeys and parrots! It was exciting and unforgettable, but the thought of those
amazing creatures losing their habitats because of our ignorance and lack of
interest and effort made me sad.

My goal, like that of Hawkins and Hochman, is to raise awareness about what is
happening to our rainforests and what we can do to stop this devastation.
Awareness is the first step.

Thank you, American-Statesman, for publishing this article. Here are just a few
small things that all of us, from children to adults, can do for a start: Use
cold water more often; turn heat down and wear sweaters; turn off all lights and
electrical appliances when leaving a room; use stairs rather than elevators;
carpool with friends; ride a bike or walk; think before buying something
"disposable;" and RECYCLE.

Tory Paranagua

Murchison Middle School student

Austin

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       March 12, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Foods Market: 'Bonsai People' Featured in this Month's Do Something Reel
Film Festival

LENGTH: 320  words


New Delhi, March 12 -- In Whole Foods Market's Do Something Reel Film Festival,
its March film, "Bonsai People," celebrates the humanitarian work of Muhammad
Yunus and the microcredit loans of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh.



"Bonsai People" shows how the poor are fighting against poverty by using
microcredit loans to support their families. Grameen Bank uses the village
banking model, which ensures that women in rural communities have access to
loans. This model has helped both families in Bangladesh and across the world
recover from economic difficulties and unleash their potential.

"The company's Whole Planet Foundation is doing the same work that Yunus does in
Bangladesh," said filmmaker Holly Mosher. "Whole Foods Market customers
understand the importance of social business and the difference that a microloan
can make."

Yunus, winner of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, is a founding member of Whole Foods
Market's Whole Planet Foundation and is tackling some of the world's most vexing
problems from healthcare to education to alternative energy, while demonstrating
that complex problems sometimes do have simple answers.

Through grants to microfinance partners in the U.S. and 54 other countries,
Whole Planet Foundation funds microloans in poor communities where Whole Foods
Market sources products. Through the foundation alone, more than $34 million has
been committed and more than $24 million has been disbursed, supporting more
than 1.5 million people around the world.

To watch "Bonsai People," simply visit dosomethingreel.com.

Do Something Reel, which kicked off on Earth Day 2012, is an ongoing collection
of provocative films about food and environmental issues that can be purchased
and streamed on various digital platforms. The festival was formed in
partnership with FilmBuff and is presented in association with Applegate Organic
& Natural Meat, Earthbound Farm Organic, Popcorn Indiana and siggi's.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       April 29, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Foods Market: Shoppers Help Raise $7.17 Million for a Future Without
Poverty

LENGTH: 340  words


April 29 -- From foot races and fashion shows to concerts and bake sales, Whole
Foods Market shoppers took part in thousands of events in March to raise more
than $7 million for Whole Planet Foundation. The events were all part of Whole
Planet Foundation's 2014 Prosperity Campaign, a five-week campaign to support
the nonprofit's efforts to alleviate global poverty in communities that supply
Whole Foods Market stores with products.



The foundation funds microlending programs in Africa, Asia and Latin America to
provide low-income individuals, mostly women, with an opportunity to launch or
expand a home-based business, and with the chance to lift themselves and their
families out of poverty, one microloan at a time.

In addition to attending events, shoppers donated everything from pocket change
to full microcredit loan amounts of $200 at store checkouts, for a total of
$7.17 million. Whole Foods Market covers 100 percent of the foundation's
operating costs, so every penny donated directly supports micro-entrepreneurs.

"Small change makes a huge difference," said Philip Sansone, president and
executive director of Whole Planet Foundation.  "More than 40 percent of the
world's population lives on less than $2.50 a day, so every penny makes a real
impact. For a woman living in abject poverty, a $200 microloan is her ticket to
a fresh start, a chance to gain financial independence and an opportunity to
provide for her family."

To date, Whole Planet Foundation has committed $4 million to domestic lending
projects and a total of more than $48 million for microlending projects in 59
countries including the U.S.

To spice up this year's campaign, Whole Planet Foundation teamed up with
Intrepid Travel, one of the world's leading small-group adventure travel
operators, to offer a chance to win a six-day trip to meet microcredit clients
in Mexico. The winner and her guest will join 12 Whole Foods Market team members
who won trips for their creativity and dedication to the foundation's mission of
alleviating poverty worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 02, 2012 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 154 words


The National Credit Act (NCA) toughened up the laws on lending and borrowing and
set maximum interest rates and fees on any credit agreement entered into after
June 2007. Yet five years down the line, consumers are still not fully informed
about the various types of credit agreements and the maximum interest rates that
apply to each. Being uninformed can mean paying interest of more than 60 percent
a year when you could be paying a maximum of 31 percent. This weekend, Personal
Finance looks at the NCA and your rights specifically regarding unsecured loans,
which are mainly personal loans and microloans.

Also in the weekend print edition:

* A double-page feature on the findings of the Old Mutual Savings & Investment
Monitor with advice on how to save.

This weekend, Personal Finance looks at the National Credit Act and your rights
specifically regarding unsecured loans, which are mainly personal loans and
microloans.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Loan helps garage firm to expand

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 180 words


NEWCASTLE-BASED Westerhope Brake & Clutch Services has received a £25,000 loan
via the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund.

Established in 2010 by Martin Frankland, the business was founded with a vision
to target the types of repairs that were not being serviced in the local
industrial sector. Starting with only a small selection of hand tools Mr
Frankland has grown from a small, one-man garage to a team of full-time expert
mechanics.

The loan has enabled the business to expand and open a new, fully-equipped
garage in Westerhope, while Mr Frankland will be keeping his original premises
to do bigger jobs such as welding and engine repairs.

The fund is managed by Rivers Capital Partners, offering loans of £1,000-£25,000
to small businesses that are unable to receive financial backing from mainstream
lenders.

Rivers Capital investment executive James Holloway said: "Martin is running an
admirable business, and knows exactly how to make it a success. The Microloan
Fund exists to support businesses like his, and we are proud to help him with
his expansion plans."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                October 20, 2014

INVESTING IN THE HOOD

SECTION: Pg. NaN Vol. 30

LENGTH: 295  words


Selected investments in Southwest Detroit:

- West Vernor streetlights Plan: The Southwest Detroit Business Association is
relighting 2.3 miles of West Vernor Highway, from Clark Park to Patton Street,
with 200 new streetlights and poles, and new sidewalks and landscaping.
Investors: SDBA raised funds from Michigan Department of Transportation, city of
Detroit, Southeast Michigan Council of Governments, Kresge Foundation, W.K.
Kellogg Foundation, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Community Foundation for Southeast
Michigan and Detroit LISC. Investment: $6.4 million

- Detroit Intermodal Freight Terminal Plan: Michigan Department of
Transportation plans to build a massive hub to facilitate transfer of rail to
road freight exchange at the Livernois-Junction Yard. Developer: MDOT
Investment: Estimated at tens of millions; 4,500 jobs expected Status: Proposed;
still in planning phase

- Building rehab projects Plan: Restoration of the Odd Fellows and Rebert
buildings Developer: Southwest Detroit Business Association Investment: $6.2
million Status: Complete

- Vernor Square Plan: Retail space, public square, light industrial development
of an abandoned 6.9-acre parcel at West Vernor and Livernois Avenue Developer:
Southwest Detroit Business Association, Detroit Economic Growth Corp., Michigan
Municipal League and Detroit-based Archive Design Studio Investment: More than
$17 million Status: Estimated completion in 2017

- Microloans for small business Plan: Southwest Solutions and ProsperUS offer
microloans to businesses in Southwest Detroit as well as technical assistance
and entrepreneurial training. Funders: Kresge Foundation and the New Economy
Initiative Investment: $500 to $15,000 per business Investor: Southwest
Solutions and ProsperUS business training program

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2014 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

Microcredit founder says business can end poverty

BYLINE: Mercedes White Deseret News

LENGTH: 1007 words


Many Americans may not recognize Muhammad Yunus' name but they have heard of his
work. Yunus, who won the Congressional Gold Medal on Wednesday, is considered
the father of microcredit, a groundbreaking approach to fighting poverty that
has dramatically changed developing nations around the world. Yunus, a
72-year-old former economics professor at Chittagong University in Bangladesh,
has put a particular focus on helping impoverished women, who he said are often
the biggest catalysts for change in their communities. "Today?

s award confirms what millions of women and working poor around the world
already know: that Professor Yunus is a champion of women?s rights, economic
development, and the belief that every human being should have the opportunity
to become self-sufficient," said Kathy Calvin, President and CEO of the United
Nations Foundation. Yunus, who has already been awarded the Presidential Medal
of Freedom and a Nobel Peace Prize, visited the Deseret News offices earlier
this month to discuss the ways the power of business can be harnessed to solve
the world's most pressing social problems: hunger, sanitation and health.
Building self sufficiency Since 1974 when Yunus launched the concept,
microcredit has spread around the world. As of 2009, an estimated 74 million men
and women held microloans totalling $38 billion, according to Microfinance
Information Exchange. Bangladesh?s Grameen Bank, which Yunus started in 1983 to
administer microloans to his countrymen and women, has disbursed nearly $10
billion to the poor with a repayment rate of around 97 percent. These loans,
according to various evaluations, not only alleviate poverty but help empower
women and uplift, by extension, entire communities. Microcredit typically
involves lending small amounts of money to people in communities that have no
access to credit. The recipients tend to be impoverished women who use the money
to start small businesses, selling milk or sewing for example, to support their
families, send their children to school and ultimately move out of poverty.
While pioneering the microcredit movement is a considerable accomplishment,
Yunus continues to look for new and innovative ways to fight poverty,
particularly the development of a new concept he calls "a social business."
Business can end poverty A social business, according to Yunus? definition, is a
business that solves social problems using business tools. The goal of a social
business is to overcome poverty, not maximize profit. To this end investors get
back only their initial investment amount. ?If you invest $1000 in a social
business, you only get back $1000? Yunus said. Unlike a nonprofit organization,
however, a social business should make a profit that, instead of being
distributed to investors, is reinvested in expanding and improving the company,
providing more jobs for people in the community and paying better wages to
employees. While social business may sound like pie in the sky to some, the
concept has gained traction with several large corporations in Europe and Japan.
For example, a joint venture between Yunus? Grameen foundation and the French
dairy company Danone (Dannon in the United States) creates fortified yogurt that
meets the nutritional needs of undernourished Bangladeshi children. In addition
to being nutritionally complete, the yogurt, which is considered a delicacy in
Bangladesh, had to be affordable and not require refrigeration. After several
attempts Danone engineers came up with a plant-based yogurt that costs just 60
cents per cup, about half as much as other brands on the market. ?It is very
delicious, something that children will like to eat,? Yunus said. Nutritionists
for Danone say eating two cups of this yogurt per week will ensure a child gets
all the vitamins and nutrients needed for proper development. Yunus is pushing
Danone engineers to continue to refine the product to better meet the needs of
customers. In particular, Yunus would like to see the company come up with ways
to make the container the yogurt comes in edible. ?Poor people do not want to
waste their money on something they will just have to throw out,? he said.
Danone is not the only company participating in social business projects.
Uniqlo, a Japanese clothing company, has partnered with Grameen to create
affordable sanitary napkins for low income Bangladeshi women and girls. Adidas
is working on a social business that would make shoes affordable for low income
Bangladeshis, which would significantly reduce transmission of parasitic
infection. Is selflessness sustainable? Yunus is confident people will step up
to the plate if given the opportunity to invest in social businesses. ?The
essential fact about humans is that they are multidimensional beings," Yunus
wrote in his book "Social Business." "Their happiness comes from many sources,
not just from making money.? People will invest in social business "just to
share in the joy of making a difference in other people's lives," Yunus said,
noting that American charitable donations total nearly $1 trillion per year. In
his experience working with Danone, Yunus has seen how committed people are to
doing good. When the partnership between Danone and Grameen was initially
conceived, investors were told they would receive a nominal one percent return
on their initial investment, something that troubled Yunus but he was unsure how
to avoid it. At a 2009 board meeting, Danone executives announced they would be
happy to receive their initial investment but would decline the one percent
dividend. Yunus remembers cheering at this. "It's maybe the first time in
business history that owners were celebrating because a dividend payment has
been waived," he said jokingly. Yunus described the benefit of participation.
"The investors of Grameen Danone ... know that their sole benefit is the
psychological and spiritual one of helping poor people halfway around the world.
It's a remarkable sign of support for this ... investment concept."
mwhite@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Payday lenders charge up to 98% more than true cost of loan

BYLINE: Jill Insleyguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1421 words

ABSTRACT

Huge increase in number of people considering payday loans and high rates prompt
calls for tighter regulation

FULL TEXT

The true cost of lending to short-term borrowers is less than 2% of the amount
charged by Wonga, the most expensive and highest profile payday lender.

My Home Finance, a not-for-profit organisation set up by the government and the
National Housing Federation in 2010, charges a representative APR of 69.9%, just
1.66% of the 4,214% APR charged by online lender Wonga.

Figures provided by the firms' own websites show that it would be cheaper to
borrow £300 from My Home Finance for a whole year, than from Wonga for a month.

The contrast in charges is all the more shocking following the revelation by
insolvency trade body R3 that up to 3.5 million people are considering taking
out a payday loan over the next six months.

Payday loans - the lenders generally prefer to refer to them as short-term or
microloans - are designed to tide borrowers over until their next pay cheque.
The money is usually provided very quickly - Wonga boasts that it can pay cash
into your account within 15 minutes of a loan being approved - and paid back
within a month or two.

Ferratum, which describes itself as Europe's biggest online payday loan lender
and charges a representative APR of 3,113%, claims that more than 2 million
people have already applied for payday loans in Britain, and that they will be
in greater demand than ever this Christmas to pay for last-minute gifts and
food.

Ian Porter, the company's UK sales and marketing manager, said: "We are already
seeing a significant increase in applications for our microloans and we still
have three weeks to go until Christmas Day."

However, payday lenders have been widely criticised for the size of their
charges and in some cases, for making irresponsible lending decisions and using
dubious techniques to market their products. Debt counselling charities have
advised many payday loan customers who find themselves trapped in a cycle of
rolling over loans from one month to the next, with enormous interest charges
being added on every time .

The R3 research also showed that of the people questioned who had taken out a
payday loan in the past, 60% regretted the decision and 48% believed the loan
had made their financial situation worse. Only 13% thought the loan had improved
their finances.

The government is conducting research into what controls should be exerted over
short-term lenders, which is expected to run far into next year. This follows a
review of high-cost lending by the Office of Fair Trading, which cast doubt over
the idea of introducing price controls, for fear they reduce supply of credit to
those who are most desperate.

Bristol University's Personal Finance Research Centre (PFRC) has been appointed
to carry out research into the impact of introducing a variable cap on the total
cost of high-cost credit.

The government has also started negotiations with the short term lending
industry to introduce improved consumer protection in codes of practice for
payday lenders and other instant credit providers. In addition, the government
is working to improve access to credit unions which can provide a real
alternative to high cost credit.

Sara Brooks, director of financial services at Consumer Focus, said: "'These are
hard times and in the run up to Christmas, many will be tempted by a payday loan
despite APRs of over 1,000%. Considering this is now a billion pound industry,
regulation in this area is not strong enough and much more needs to be done to
prevent consumers getting caught in spiralling debt.

"[The R3] survey highlights large numbers of consumers who only ever pay off
interest without touching the capital borrowed - this is a very alarming
situation.

"This industry has been given plenty of opportunity to reform but has not has
not made the changes needed to protect consumers from debt traps. We are also
concerned about the marketing, sales and debt collection practices of some
payday loan companies. There is evidence of a number of lenders flouting the
rules and our worry would be for vulnerable consumers who suffer as a result.

"We would like to see sensible safeguards put in place to stop payday loan users
from getting caught in debt traps. Key to this is limiting the number of loans,
or roll-overs, that borrowers can take out in a year to five. We are also
calling on banks to do more to provide short-term loans to cash-strapped
consumers and be much more transparent about their overdraft fees and charges."

The government-backed My Home Finance was introduced to provide an affordable
and fair alternative for borrowers who would normally be forced to borrow from
doorstep and payday lenders. The scheme is still at the pilot stage, with just
10 branches in the Midlands, but the organisation hopes to extend to the
north-east and north-west by the end of 2012.

Its lending practices are exactly those that consumer bodies would like to see
commercial payday lenders adopt: it operates through accessible branches, lends
to people on benefits and interviews all potential customers - either by phone
or face-to-face - to make sure they can afford repayment on the loans they are
asking for.

Repayment of loans, the average size of which is £360, is spread over a year,
which Tess Pendle, head of the organisation, says is more manageable and
affordable for borrowers. "If they take out a loan for just one month, as with
payday lenders, they find that the repayment coming out of their bank account at
the end of the month leaves them with very little to live on," she says. "They
then have to borrow again, and that is what leads to the cycle of rolling over
loans from one month to the next, resulting in huge interest charges."

My Home Finance loans are not subsidised, and a borrower would pay £7.09 a week
for 52 weeks to repay £300, producing a total repayment of £383.68 over the year
including interest of £68.68 and an administration charge of £15. The same
borrower taking out £300 from Wonga for just 31 days would repay a total of
£398.91.

Pendle adds: "Wonga has the advantage of being able to do internet-based and
automated lending, which should be a cheaper method of lending, and therefore a
far cheaper way of accessing credit for clients."

John Moorwood, communications director for Wonga, defends the higher charges,
saying the products are targeted at different audiences and provided in very
different ways. Wonga loans are granted or refused within seconds and the money
paid into accounts within 15 minutes if the loan is approved. The company
targets people who are employed with a regular income, although it admits that
some people on benefits do slip through the net.

Moorwood says the real problems for most people struggling with debt have been
caused by authorised and unauthorised overdrafts and credit card debts, which
can add up to more than £30,000 for the typical person seeking help from
Citizens Advice.

The Consumer Finance Association, a trade body for the payday lending industry,
has calculated that an unauthorised overdraft of £200 with the Halifax,
incurring daily charges of £5, would cost a total of £350 to pay off after 30
days, resulting in an APR of 90,888.9%

However, Citizens Advice said this is all the more reason for better regulation
of the payday loan industry. Gillian Guy, chief executive at Citizens Advice,
said: "As the payday loan industry grows, we have seen a four-fold increase in
the number of people with payday loans coming to us for debt advice in the first
quarter of this year, compared with the same period two years ago.

"We are concerned that some of the people we are seeing seem to be using payday
loans to deal with existing financial difficulties. 40% of people we see with
payday loan debt have another high-cost credit loan and on average, CAB clients
with payday loan debts had eight debts, while those without payday loans had
five. Our evidence therefore suggests a pattern of people in long-term financial
difficulty with other debts, who are much more likely to take out a payday loan
to try and deal with these problems.

"And yet, the payday industry remains inadequately regulated. We have seen
financially vulnerable consumers unprotected from a variety of unfair practices
carried out by payday lenders. Some have been able to take out unaffordable and
unsuitable loans, see their debts balloon, and are offered multiple rollovers.
When they are unable to pay, many are then subject to aggressive collection
practices."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Herts Advertiser

                            August 18, 2011 Thursday

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 255 words


DEDICATED fundraisers from a St Albans company are competing in a YouTube
competition that could see £1,000 go to charity.



Claire Scammell and Donaji Edwins, from the Language Factory, are hoping to get
the most views on a self-made video that promotes competition organiser
JustGiving's text donation service.

If they win, the MicroLoan Foundation, a charity that gives third-world women
business loans, will get a £500 donation from JustGiving. In addition, the
pair's employer said they would match that donation.

The video, called a Sweet Way To Donate, shows Claire and Donaji getting
Verulamium Park visitors to use the text donation service as part of a
competition to win a jar full of sweets.

Claire said: "Perhaps I was having a sweet craving at the time but the idea just
popped into my head. We had a suspicion that we might find lots of sweet tooths
in Verulamium Park!"

The pair are also taking part in a three-day trek up Malawi's Mount Mulanje in
October to raise money for the MicroLoan Foundation.

Claire entered this year's St Albans Half Marathon, whilst Donaji has been
making home-made Mexican food to raise money for charity and they have set up an
office tuck shop.

Claire said: "The response we have got to our fundraising, particularly from the
freelance translators we work with, has been really amazing. We've already
raised over £2,000 but our target is £3,000."

The competition closes on August 23. To donate visit
www.justgiving.com/claire-donaji and to view the clip visit
www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrSrYkpuIXE

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HAD


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            November 24, 2008 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Web Sites Let You Give The Gift Of Giving; Kiva, Heifer, others offer ways to
save rain forest or buy poor family a cow

BYLINE: SHEILA RILEY

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; SAVVY SHOPPER; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 738 words


Dread holiday gift shopping?

You could drive to the mall, search for parking, fight the crowds and come home
with something that may be right.

Or . . . you could go to your computer and protect a half-acre of Amazon rain
forest, buy a cow for a poor family in Bangladesh, give a loan to an
entrepreneur in Kenya or purchase a share of a project to provide food in
Afghanistan.

And no standing in line. Nonprofits are embracing consumer-friendly methods of
giving gifts online, and plenty of choices exist.

"People are so much more aware of money spent during the holiday season, and of
options for buying gifts that actually contribute something to the world," said
Fiona Ramsey, spokeswoman for Kiva.

The San Francisco-based nonprofit facilitates microloans, starting at $25, to
the working poor in developing countries.

It's one of many nonprofits that offer unusual online gifts that can make a
lasting impact.

Kiva sold $2.2 million in gift certificates last December -- $250,000 on Dec. 24
and 25 alone, Ramsey says. Certificate recipients choose the entrepreneur who
receives their loan. And the possibilities are many -- such as a weaver in
Cambodia, a charcoal seller in Togo and a dairy farmer in Azerbaijan.

When their loan is repaid -- and Kiva says nearly 99% of its microloans are
repaid -- the recipient can keep the money or choose to make another loan.

While Kiva was a product of the Internet, traditional charities are also making
more use of the Internet as a fundraising tool.

Catholic Relief Services, based in Baltimore, highlights 12 of its 4,000
international projects online.

Through the agency's online Gift Catalog, donors buy "shares" in education,
agriculture, health care and emergency-response projects. A $1 share provides
food in Afghanistan, and $50 supports a mother-child health project in
Guinea-Bissau.

While most donations to the charity come from direct mail solicitations, CRS
received $133,000 online for Gift Catalog projects during its fiscal year ended
Sept. 30.

Donors are enthusiastic about buying shares of the organization's efforts, says
Jean Simmons, annual giving director for CRS.

"We get amazing comments back from our donors saying: "This is so fantastic.
Instead of buying a tie for my dad, I can buy a share in this project,' "
Simmons said.

Water and child-focused projects are the most popular. The organization, which
works in more than 100 countries, serves "the poorest of the poor," Simmons
said.

Businesses are also in tune with online giving for good causes.

Global Lead, a 60-employee diversity and human resource consulting firm, donated
to Heifer International last year on behalf of its clients and employees.

The Cincinnati-based company chose Heifer, which provides livestock to families
around the world, because it fits with their values of supporting community,
says spokeswoman Suzanne Fuller.

"We felt it was an organization that was really doing great work around the
world," Fuller said.

Fuller says Global Lead employees wanted to donate in countries where the
consulting firm has worked.

Employees have responded with enthusiasm, she says.

"This is a way for our employees to get a better understanding of how they can
affect people in other countries where we are doing business," Fuller said.

Heifer gives all donors online updates for projects they support.

London-based nonprofit Cool Earth might have the globe's most unusual online
holiday gift: protection of half an acre of Amazonian rain forest for $50.

The organization aims to secure land that would otherwise be sold to loggers and
ranchers, and to make it possible for locals to profit from the forests without
destroying them.

Donors or gift recipients can view "their" portion of the Amazon rain forest at
coolearth.org, via Google Earth.

Cool Earth officially launched in the U.S. in mid-November.

"We decided to take our success into the biggest giving market in the world,"
said director Matthew Owen.

Designated parcels of protected rain forest have particular appeal to the young,
and parents and grandparents understand that, he says.

"Last year we had over 6,000 children internationally who received an acre of
rain forest as a holiday present," Owen said.

The gift is ant antidote to the toy that will be forgotten in two weeks, he
says. "It's a way of engaging with a part of the world thousands of miles away
that is nonetheless absolutely critical to the planet," he said.

Tuesday: out-of-the-box tech gifts.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: First In A Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            November 24, 2008 Monday
                                  EAST EDITION

Web Sites Let You Give The Gift Of Giving Kiva, Heifer, others offer ways to
save rain forest or buy poor family a cow

BYLINE: SHEILA RILEY

SECTION: A; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 738 words


Dread holiday gift shopping?

You could drive to the mall, search for parking, fight the crowds and come home
with something that may be right.

Or . . . you could go to your computer and protect a half-acre of Amazon rain
forest, buy a cow for a poor family in Bangladesh, give a loan to an
entrepreneur in Kenya or purchase a share of a project to provide food in
Afghanistan.

And no standing in line. Nonprofits are embracing consumer-friendly methods of
giving gifts online, and plenty of choices exist.

"People are so much more aware of money spent during the holiday season, and of
options for buying gifts that actually contribute something to the world," said
Fiona Ramsey, spokeswoman for Kiva.

The San Francisco-based nonprofit facilitates microloans, starting at $25, to
the working poor in developing countries.

It's one of many nonprofits that offer unusual online gifts that can make a
lasting impact.

Kiva sold $2.2 million in gift certificates last December -- $250,000 on Dec. 24
and 25 alone, Ramsey says. Certificate recipients choose the entrepreneur who
receives their loan. And the possibilities are many -- such as a weaver in
Cambodia, a charcoal seller in Togo and a dairy farmer in Azerbaijan.

When their loan is repaid -- and Kiva says nearly 99% of its microloans are
repaid -- the recipient can keep the money or choose to make another loan.

While Kiva was a product of the Internet, traditional charities are also making
more use of the Internet as a fundraising tool.

Catholic Relief Services, based in Baltimore, highlights 12 of its 4,000
international projects online.

Through the agency's online Gift Catalog, donors buy "shares" in education,
agriculture, health care and emergency-response projects. A $1 share provides
food in Afghanistan, and $50 supports a mother-child health project in
Guinea-Bissau.

While most donations to the charity come from direct mail solicitations, CRS
received $133,000 online for Gift Catalog projects during its fiscal year ended
Sept. 30.

Donors are enthusiastic about buying shares of the organization's efforts, says
Jean Simmons, annual giving director for CRS.

"We get amazing comments back from our donors saying: "This is so fantastic.
Instead of buying a tie for my dad, I can buy a share in this project,' "
Simmons said.

Water and child-focused projects are the most popular. The organization, which
works in more than 100 countries, serves "the poorest of the poor," Simmons
said.

Businesses are also in tune with online giving for good causes.

Global Lead, a 60-employee diversity and human resource consulting firm, donated
to Heifer International last year on behalf of its clients and employees.

The Cincinnati-based company chose Heifer, which provides livestock to families
around the world, because it fits with their values of supporting community,
says spokeswoman Suzanne Fuller.

"We felt it was an organization that was really doing great work around the
world," Fuller said.

Fuller says Global Lead employees wanted to donate in countries where the
consulting firm has worked.

Employees have responded with enthusiasm, she says.

"This is a way for our employees to get a better understanding of how they can
affect people in other countries where we are doing business," Fuller said.

Heifer gives all donors online updates for projects they support.

London-based nonprofit Cool Earth might have the globe's most unusual online
holiday gift: protection of half an acre of Amazonian rain forest for $50.

The organization aims to secure land that would otherwise be sold to loggers and
ranchers, and to make it possible for locals to profit from the forests without
destroying them.

Donors or gift recipients can view "their" portion of the Amazon rain forest at
coolearth.org, via Google Earth.

Cool Earth officially launched in the U.S. in mid-November.

"We decided to take our success into the biggest giving market in the world,"
said director Matthew Owen.

Designated parcels of protected rain forest have particular appeal to the young,
and parents and grandparents understand that, he says.

"Last year we had over 6,000 children internationally who received an acre of
rain forest as a holiday present," Owen said.

The gift is ant antidote to the toy that will be forgotten in two weeks, he
says. "It's a way of engaging with a part of the world thousands of miles away
that is nonetheless absolutely critical to the planet," he said.

Tuesday: out-of-the-box tech gifts.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1997 Clinical Law Review, Inc.
                              Clinical Law Review

                                   Fall, 1997

                             4 Clinical L. Rev. 195

LENGTH: 16138 words

ARTICLE: SMALL BUSINESS AND COMMUNITY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT: TRANSACTIONAL
LAWYERING FOR SOCIAL CHANGE AND ECONOMIC JUSTICE

NAME: Susan R. Jones *

BIO:



   * Professor of Clinical Law, The George Washington University Law School.
This article was supported by a law school summer writing stipend. I am grateful
to my husband, G.H. Abasi Johnson, and my mother, Dr. Shirley J. Jones for their
advice, patience and encouragement. I appreciate the support, feedback and
advice from colleagues who read and commented on drafts of this work including
Audrey McFarlane, Michael Diamond, Joseph Tulman, Michelle Jacobs, Steven Hobbs,
Pamela Jones, Stacey Brustin, Phillip Tajitsu Nash, Sekai Turner, Gay Gellhorn,
Lewis Solomon, Deborah Kenn, Merceria Ludgood, Homer LaRue, Irshad Abdal-Haqq,
Lynn Cunningham, Jennifer Lyman, and Eric Sirulnik. Finally, I wish to thank my
former students, clients, and my research assistants Sharri Horowitz, Delores
Gardner, Zane Sharoody, Jean Wells, Brett Grosko, and Joann Lee.

 TEXT:
 [*195]


   Introduction

 Small business and community economic development (CED) clinics represent an
important and growing component to the future of clinical legal education. The
national political trend is away from government entitlements and toward
personal responsibility and economic self-sufficiency. This shift has encouraged
the growth of more small business and CED clinics at law schools.

    This article analyzes the benefits to clinical legal education of these
transactional clinics' in contrast to more traditional clinics by exploring
these clinics contribution to the development of the skills and values sought to
be taught through clinical legal education. Part I explains the importance of
microbusinesses to community economic development. It also describes the
evolution of the inclusion of small business and CED clinics in clinical legal
education. Part II uses the George Washington University Small Business Clinic
to analyze the unique benefits of transactional clinics in contrast to more
traditional clinics - typically involved in criminal, family and entitlement
work - to explore the impact of small business clinics in developing skills such
as interviewing and counseling. It will also analyze small business clinics'
impact in teaching students values related to lawyers' professional roles in
particular the uniquely clinical concern regarding lawyering for social change.
Part III concludes that small business and CED clinics provide much needed legal
representation to low-income and  [*196]  underrepresented communities and
valuable experiential learning opportunities and practical doctrinal knowledge
to law students.


   I. Community Economic Development and the Importance of Microenterprise
Development

 Small business  n1 creation is an essential part of community economic
development (CED), a strategy for developing low-income communities.  n2 There
are many different CED approaches. Microenterprise  n3 development is one model
in which small loans, peer  [*197]  support business training and/or technical
assistance are made available to persons starting very small businesses.
Although the need for neighborhood small businesses to complement affordable
housing and other CED initiatives is well recognized, the notion that low-income
people can own them is relatively new.  n4

    A number of federal programs such as the Small Business Administration (SBA)
Microloan Demonstration Program,  n5 the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG),  n6
Community Develop-  [*198]  ment Financial Institutions,  n7 such as Community
Development Credit Unions,  n8 Community Development Loan Funds,  n9 the
Community Reinvestment Act,  n10 Empowerment Zones and Enterprise Communities
n11 and nonprofit microenterprise programs, totaling over 500  [*199]
nationally,  n12 have recently facilitated the infusion of capital and technical
assistance for entrepreneurship in historically underserved communities. These
initiatives are enabling entrepreneurship and other economic development
activities. The combination of human capital  n13 and these federal and
nonprofit programs has created new possibilities for neighborhood small
businesses and community economic development.

    CED consists of various strategies for revitalizing poor communities.  n14
It facilitates the economic growth of communities through business development,
jobs, affordable housing, childcare, and "other necessities in a manner that
enables community residents to improve the quality of their lives and exercise
greater determination over the affairs that shape their daily existence."  n15
Strategies for CED include revitalization of decaying neighborhoods to enhance
the economic status of low-income people by building local institutions;
encouraging economic independence and self-sufficiency through entrepreneurship
for low-income people and minorities; encouraging private sector joint ventures
with local institutions; and heightening participation by low-income people in
areas such as political, civil and social rights movements.  n16 Some scholars
see minority entrepreneurship, particularly  [*200]  for microbusinesses, as
part of the quest for economic justice.  n17


   A. Microenterprise Development

 Small businesses often have been neglected as resources for community
revitalization. Low-income small business owners are not generally familiar with
business law and because many lack start-up capital and cannot access credit,
they cannot afford legal assistance.  n18 Lawyers for low-income people are
usually litigators who handle public entitlements, criminal, family and housing
law matters. Until recently, some people considered pro bono small business
assistance an oxymoron.  n19 Today, small business and CED work is viewed as the
new public interest law.  n20

    Providing support for self-employment through microenterprises and
microlending  n21 is essential to urban recovery and for creating [*201]
"sustained"  n22 change in low-income neighborhoods.  n23 Poverty and urban
decay, inadequate educational systems, welfare reform, the global economy and
rapid advances in technology that replace human labor are some of the many
reasons for the urgent need to create and support programs and policies that
facilitate economic self-sufficiency for low-income people.  n24 Because of
technological advances and job layoffs due to corporate downsizing,
self-employment  n25 has become an increasingly popular (and sometimes
necessary) business alternative. In the last seven years, the number of
self-employed people increased by ten percent and microbusinesses created
ninety-five percent of all new jobs in the United States.  n26

    The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996
(PRWORA or Welfare Reform)  n27 created the most dramatic change in the
treatment of disadvantaged Americans since  [*202]  the New Deal. Key provisions
of the law place a five year lifetime limit on welfare benefits for adults and
requires that states have fifty per cent of its single family caseload working
at least thirty hours per week by the year 2002.  n28 Small business development
and CED initiatives, emphasizing job creation through self-employment, will no
doubt spearhead many welfare-to-work efforts. One half to two-thirds of
microenterprise programs target welfare recipients for self-employment training.
n29 Because small businesses already account for the bulk of new job growth,
they will also absorb former welfare recipients as new work force entrants.
Welfare reform itself will create new industries ranging from job training to
the creation of child care facilities for new working mothers.

    Small business development is also part of the multifaceted quest for
economic justice for indigent people and others marginalized by the dominant
society.  n30 For them, the playing field is not level. While most people start
small businesses from savings, the equity in their homes, credit card debt or
loans from family members or friends, many low-income people lack the financial
assets to develop small businesses and participate in this aspect of the
economic life of America.


   B. The Rise of Community Economic Development and Small Business Clinics

 Law school legal clinics provide needed legal services to low-income clients
while serving as teaching law firms for students. Clinical education is a
teaching method in which law students, in role as lawyers, identify and solve
legal problems under the supervision of a clinical professor.  n31 In clinical
programs, students learn the skills, values and judgments required in the
practice of law.

    Law school legal clinics emerged in the late 1960s during the  [*203]
Johnson Administration's "War on Poverty." It was a time when legal assistance
for the poor represented an unprecedented commitment to the "ideal of equal
justice."  n32 The clinical education movement was facilitated by public
interest lawyers who believed that the case method did not teach students the
skills, judgments and values needed for client representation and legal
decision-making. The initial (and still current) goals of the clinical education
movement were to change legal education so that it would be more than a
classroom experience, to educate students about their ethical and moral
responsibilities to society, and to provide a teaching law firm for students
engaged in poverty law practice.  n33

    In 1968, the Council on Legal Education for Professional Responsibility
(CLEPR) was established with funding from the Ford Foundation to encourage law
schools to explore clinical teaching. A $ 6,000,000 five year grant from CLEPR
funded clinical and field work primarily in criminal, juvenile and poverty law.
There were three important justifications for the program: basic skills
training, exploring lawyers' roles, and exposing lawyers - the policymakers of
the future - to legal injustices.  n34

    Conveniently, the first legal clinics operated out of legal aid offices
largely because they provided office space and clients, filled a public need,
and did not compete with the private bar. Lawyers who were hired to supervise
students came from legal services offices or were public defenders. Many were
interested in law reform work and found that the law school provided a
stimulating environment to pursue the ideals of law reform. As one observed
noted, "Gradually, most clinics moved in-house under direct supervision of the
schools. But the clients remained poor and the clinicians stayed activist."  n35

    The theoretical premises of clinical legal education have developed over
time and different programs employ various models.  n36  [*204]  Legal clinics
have changed and expanded both in subject area and in philosophy. Traditionally
providing representation in family law, housing, criminal defense, and general
civil law, legal clinics at some law schools have added new areas of
representation to address societal needs in areas such as HIV and AIDS
representation, elder law and domestic violence.  n37 The philosophy and
pedagogy of clinical education have further evolved into an investigation about
the role of lawyers in American society. A significant body of scholarship has
been developed by a national community of clinical law teachers who are bonded
by the unique character of their work as teacher/practitioners and clinical
legal scholars.  n38 Today, clinical legal education is well established. Most
law schools now have some type of clinical program.  n39

    The majority of transactional legal clinics that provide small business and
housing development assistance for CED efforts emerged at law schools in the
late 1970s and early 1980s.  n40 These decades were characterized by cutbacks in
funding for legal services for low- income people and a critique of the
traditional model of public interest lawyering, focused on litigation.  n41
Resources for impact litigation dwindled and the rewards were sometimes
uncertain. Litigation did not change the underlying poverty conditions in which
low-income people live. In this climate, CED emerged in law school clinics as an
important community-building strategy largely focused on affordable housing and
to complement legislative, litigation, and political avenues in the housing
arena.  [*205]

    As economic conditions for the indigent have worsened, individuated
litigation has become too expensive and federal funding of legal services has
restricted impact litigation on behalf of low-income people.  n42 Clinicians and
other legal services providers have found that representing groups with respect
to long term neighborhood development issues such as housing, consumer,
community banking, and small business development has a greater impact on
sustained community change than just representing indigent individuals.  n43
Recent cutbacks in the Legal Services Corporation (LSC) funding will no doubt
exacerbate the need for transactional group-based assistance from law school
clinics and the private bar. Legal services lawyers are constantly evaluating
the best way to use limited resources efficiently. CED and community education
are important components of service delivery. Additional emphasis may be placed
on transactional work because financially-strapped legal services offices, the
majority of which are expert in advocacy for low-income communities, may need to
concentrate more on litigation, thereby creating a need for more law school
clinical programs and pro bono business attorneys to handle a greater number of
transactional cases. Presently there are about eighteen law school legal clinics
engaged in varying degrees in CED work. There are, however, only a few that
provide ongoing small business legal assistance.  n44

    While new clinics, such as AIDS/HIV and domestic violence, resulted from
specific public crises,  n45 the genesis of transactional pro-  [*206]  grams
stems from two factors: the failure of the litigation paradigm to eradicate
poverty and the need to broaden the clinical curriculum.  n46 Early CED programs
grew out of clinical work with the homeless and representing tenants.
Recognizing that homeless people had no place to go, the solution was to
facilitate affordable housing by assisting nonprofit housing developers. Poverty
law teachers who were pessimistic about the efficacy of litigation strategies to
address persistent poverty also saw CED work as an important new area.  n47

    Other incentives for these programs were available funding, community needs,
student interest and activism, faculty resources and creativity, and a
reassessment of some of the goals of clinical legal education. Some students
interested in corporate law were (and continue to be) drawn to the social
justice mission of legal clinical programs and also sought to use their business
skills in practical context.  n48 Accordingly, small business clinics emerged in
part to broaden the clinic experience to include transactional work and attract
students with business skills to clinic, include business perspectives in
clinical work, and to bridge the gap between the clinical and traditional
academic curricula.  n49

    There are also a number of other probable reasons for the advent of small
business clinic programs. First, is the availability of grant funds from the
U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to fund the programs.  n50 Second,
stemming from the Civil Rights movement, is the emergence of small business loan
programs to assist minority entrepreneurs which has resulted in a viable client
population.  n51 Third, nu-  [*207]  merous federal programs such as Empowerment
Zones and Enterprise Communities, Community Development Financial Institutions,
the Community Reinvestment Act, SBA, and nonprofit microenterprise groups, all
of which provide loans and technical assistance to persons who traditionally
have not had access to capital, have facilitated self-employment efforts.  n52
Fourth, welfare reform has heightened the discussion of self-employment.  n53


   II. The Unique Benefits of Small Business Clinics to the Goals of Clinical
Legal Education

 Small business and CED clinics have enjoyed a rapid growth in law schools.
Pragmatic and financial reasons have motivated the development of these clinics
in part. But they must be justifed in the clinical community on the basis that
they reflect the fundamental values of skills and activism that provide the
foundations of clinical legal education. This section uses The George Washington
University Small Business Clinic to examine and analyze the benefits of these
transactional clinics in teaching students basic skills, exploring lawyers'
roles and exposing them to legal injustices in contrast to traditional clinics.
Small business clinics contribute to skills training in ways that are similar to
the ways traditional clinics contribute. Students engage with live clients and
apply lawyering skills. Interaction with real clients has always been a unique
feature of clinical legal education's methods in exploring attorneys' roles,
i.e., the nature of the attorney-client relationship as well as the
responsibility of lawyers to eliminate injustice. Small business clinics play a
unique role in exploring attorneys' roles by enlivening questions on whether the
attorney-client relationship can or should be an egalitarian one and confronting
students with uncommon views and visions of poor people as competent and
empowered. Small business clinics also highlight the need for the concept of
attorneys' roles to be expanded into areas of client education and
interdisciplinary activism. Initially one might think that a transactional
skills clinic would not encourage the development of post graduate activism in
students because they could and would use these skills in the service of
well-to-do clients when they become lawyers. In fact, however, such clinics do
motivate students to engage in pro bono and  [*208]  activist work as an
integral part of their professional careers.


   A. The George Washington Small Business Clinic

 Nationally, there are only a few small business clinical programs. The George
Washington University Small Business Clinic (GW Clinic) in Washington, D.C.,
established in 1977, is an example of the oldest. It was established initially
with a grant from the GW Office of Experimental Programs, and later received
partial funding from the SBA through its SBDC Program.  n54 The GW Clinic is the
legal services subcenter of the Washington D.C. Small Business Development
Center, which is administered by the Howard University School of Business
(Howard University).  n55 Through referrals from Howard University, Community
Development Corporations (CDCs)  n56 the SBA, Legal Services Corporation (LSC)
field offices, and other law school clinics, the GW Clinic has provided legal
counseling, advice and representation to entrepreneurs such as caterers, vintage
stores, antique dealers and consignment shops, computer consultants, barbers,
massage therapists, beauticians, book publishers, and other entrepreneurs, many
of whom are low-income or minorities.

    As a subcenter of the Howard University Small Business Development Center,
the GW Clinic is part of the Small Business Administration (SBA), Small Business
Development Center (SBDC) program.  n57 The SBDC program of the SBA started in
1977 as a pilot  [*209]  program and was made permanent in 1980. This program
provides counseling, training, and specialized support assistance to the small
business community.  n58 This national program is implemented at the state and
local level through 935 subcenters and fifty-six Small Business Development
Centers. The program's purpose is to provide technical assistance to improve the
economic viability of small businesses in areas such as accounting, business
planning, financing, and related start-up or expansion matters. The objective of
the SBDC program is to leverage federal funds with state, academic and private
sector resources to strengthen the small business community, contribute to the
economic growth of the communities served, create a broader based delivery
system to the small business community, and make assistance available to more
small businesses than is possible with present federal funds.  n59

    SBDCs receive funding from the SBA in the form of annual grants. To be
eligible for a SBDC grant, centers must provide an equal matching amount from
non-federal funds which is at least fifty percent cash and not more than fifty
percent indirect costs and in kind contributions.  n60 The GW Clinic serves as a
subcenter and provides legal assistance in such areas as determining the choice
of legal entity or best legal structure. These legal structures include
corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies and sole
proprietorships. The GW Clinic also assists clients with other legal business
start-up issues including licensing, contracts, tax, employment, trademark and
copyright law.

    Although some of the GW Clinic's clients are low-income, others are working
or middle class.  n61 This range of clients also provides unique opportunities
to explore issues of class and poverty; and sometimes challenges students'
notions about "who is poor."

    Some clients are involved in part-time businesses, others are engaged
full-time in the enterprises. Typically, a new entrepreneur seeks counseling
about the appropriate choice of legal entity and the tax  [*210]  consequences
of the available choices, information about licenses and permits that may be
needed to operate the business, contracts, insurance, and protecting the
company's intellectual property such as its name and logo. These
microentrepreneurs cannot afford to pay for legal assistance in the start-up
phase. They would have probably foregone legal help or engaged in legal
self-help.  n62 Similarly, the organizers of nonprofit organizations generally
request legal help with incorporating, obtaining federal and state tax exemption
and licenses to engage in fund raising solicitations. By providing assistance
with business structures and other legal issues affecting small businesses, the
GW Clinic provides assistance that is essential to their survival.

    To better accommodate nonprofit client representation, The GW Community
Economic Development Project (CEDP) began in 1992 with a demonstration grant
from the Legal Services Corporation. It provides valuable legal assistance and
educational materials to individuals and groups that support self-help
empowerment initiatives for low-income people in areas such as self-employment,
job creation, affordable housing, employment and business opportunities,
revitalization of commercial districts and other neighborhood needs. CED clients
have included nonprofit organizations engaged in microenterprise, job training,
and community building through initiatives such as local currency and
neighborhood bartering systems.  n63

    CEDP cases are referred from community groups and through community outreach
efforts such as the Community and Economic Development Forum (CED Forum), which
was sponsored by the GW Clinic and held at the Law School in the fall of 1992.
n64 This conference brought together prominent local community activists, staff
and board members of community development corporations and community-based
organizations, bankers, and academics in an effort to identify the different
ways in which a legal clinic could best serve the  [*211]  community.  n65 In
this way, the CED Forum became an important vehicle for learning about community
needs and educating the community about the resources of the GW Clinic.

    The work of the GW Clinic has emerged over time. Initially, and largely due
to the high case volume requirements of grant funding, much emphasis was placed
on representing individual clients, partnerships and closely held corporations.
Gradually, case numbers have been reduced to enhance the pedagogical structure
of the program and client services, reassess priorities and respond to funding
limitations.  n66 Despite the reduced number of cases, as the GW Clinic became
better known in the community through outreach efforts and participation in
community business development activities, the areas of representation were
expanded.  n67 The GW Clinic now provides representation in three areas: (1) for
profit small businesses; (2) group community economic development; and (3)
for-profit artists and nonprofit arts organizations, many of which further the
goals of CEDP representation.  n68


   i. Client Profiles

 In order to highlight how transactional lawyering can benefit microbusiness
development while providing rich educational experiences for students, this
section provides a sampling of client profiles. These profiles also illuminate
how such clients contribute to social change and economic justice in communities
served by law school clinics.  [*212]

    a. The Glass Business.  n69 On Josh Brown's first day of intake, Mr. Smith,
a "walk-in" client, came to the GW Clinic seeking immediate legal help. Mr.
Smith, and his business partner, Mr. Jones, had just found office space in a
small industrial park in Anacostia.  n70 They wanted a lawyer to review the
lease and the corporate document they had filed on their own.

    Josh, a third year law student, was excited by the clients' enthusiasm for
this new venture and by the fact that it was his first client interview in role
as a lawyer. During client interviews, Josh learned that Mr. Smith was a fifty
year old African American man who was born in South Carolina. In 1963 he joined
the Jobs Corps  n71 and was trained as an electrician. Thirteen years later,
after holding several jobs and becoming a glazier's apprentice, he moved to
Washington, D.C. His business partner, Mr. Jones, was a forty-two year old
native Washingtonian who completed high school, a basic welding course and a
glazier's apprenticeship program that was organized by the local department of
employment service. Messieurs Smith and Jones met while working for the same
glass company. Although this was a new business, the clients, who were both
licensed glaziers, had over thirty years experience collectively in the glass
business. Throughout the semester, Josh learned how crucial interviewing skills
were to the effective practice of law. Clients sometimes fail to divulge
relevant information needed by the lawyer. This can occur for a variety of
reasons: because the client does not realize the importance of the information,
because the lawyer failed to ask relevant questions or listen to the client's
response, or because the client does not fully trust the lawyer.  n72 For
example, Josh learned after the fact, that the client had  [*213]  already
signed the lease agreement that Mr. Smith requested Josh review. Josh learned
from this experience and began to ask follow-up questions to get all of the
information required to fully represent his clients.  n73

    In formal case supervision meetings and in many other office conversations
and client consultations, Josh and I identified the other legal issues requiring
immediate attention. In addition to applying for a certificate of occupancy for
the business, the company needed to amend the articles of incorporation filed as
a non-stock (nonprofit) corporation in Maryland so that it could operate as a
"for profit company."  n74 Next, the company needed to register the Maryland
corporation to transact business in the District of Columbia, the location of
its principal office. Corporate by-laws had to be drafted along with the
shareholder agreement between the two owners. An organization meeting of the
corporation had to be held, and stock issued. Josh observed that these tasks
proved very educational; in his law school classes, professors and students
speak to each other using legal language, however, Josh was challenged by
explaining fairly complicated legal concepts and making them understandable to
his lay clients. Josh began to understand the skills involved in educating
clients and how crucial these skills, which are rarely stressed in conventional
law school classes, are for transactional lawyers.

    As the semester progressed, Josh began to comprehend the unique
characteristics of a transactional small business practice, including regulatory
hurdles small business entrepreneurs such as Messieurs Smith and Jones face in
trying to set up the legal framework for their businesses. Josh spent hours
preparing local tax forms and applications for certificates and permits.

    The glass company had to meet certain regulatory requirements. For example,
working with individual consumers would require a home improvement contractor's
license and a home improvement salesperson's license.  n75 To comply with local
consumer laws, a prerequisite to gaining the license, the business had to seek
approval by the  [*214]  D.C. Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs of a
form contract with a 3-day cooling off period.  n76 The location of the business
in an enterprise zone made the business eligible for zone designation as a small
and disadvantaged business whose "ability to compete in the free enterprise
system has been impaired due to diminished capital and credit opportunities" as
compared to others in the same or similar line of business and competitive
market area that are not socially disadvantaged.  n77 To address these issues,
we had to learn more about the clients. Josh did this by visiting the clients'
business location and conducting additional interviews.

    One hundred and twenty clinic hours and two course credits later, Josh
completed the legal work for the glass company which gained contracts for new
jobs and was constantly bidding on new work. With a legal structure and small
and disadvantaged certification now in place, Messrs. Jones and Smith can devote
more time to developing their neighborhood business.  n78

   b. Party Decorating. Tanya Ryan, a young African American woman, part-time
sole proprietor, and recovering drug abuser, learned about the GW Clinic at a
class she attended at a community-based microenterprise program. In need of
contracts for her party decorating business, she sought legal help from the GW
Clinic. The student attorney, Frank Cho, a second year law student, drafted a
service contract between the decorating business and its clients. This required
extensive discussions with Ms. Ryan about how her business operates. Does Ms.
Ryan preview the location she has been engaged to decorate in advance of
performing the work? Does the facility have restrictions about how decorations
can be attached to the interior structure? Are the materials used fire
retardant? Frank also investigated ways of protecting the unique logo and slogan
for Ms. Ryan's enterprise.

    Frank learned the practical application of contract law principles to
contract drafting. He came to appreciate contract drafting as a special kind of
legal writing. He also saw its relevance to business transactions and the
importance of understanding the nature of the underlying business transaction
and the client's goals and objectives.  n79  [*215]

    In analyzing the contract and intellectual property tasks of this
representation, Frank was challenged in case supervision and client meetings to
deal with his biases and assumptions about who can and should be a small
business owner, and the importance of small business development to a larger
community economic strategy. Questions abound. There are no easy answers. Is
microenterprise development a valuable CED strategy? Can a recovering drug
addict really succeed at running a small business? Can she serve as a role model
in her community? What does it take to become an entrepreneur? What supports
might she need? What is the lawyer's role in identifying other support systems?
Is legal help enough?

    While grappling with these queries, Frank and I observed that Ms. Ryan had
an impressive portfolio of jobs she had completed for weddings, birthdays and
other special events. With legal assistance from the GW Clinic, she was free to
focus on her creative work. Her imagination for new designs flourished, and her
enthusiasm, pride and dignity taught us about the boundless human capacity
unleashed by a highly motivated entrepreneurial spirit.  n80

   c. The Barnabas Self Employment Fund. In December 1992, the organizer and
coordinator for the Barnabas Self-Employment Fund, contacted the GW Clinic after
learning about it from a corporate and tax law professor at the GW Law School
who participated in the GW Clinic's CED Forum.  n81 The GW Clinic students
performed the legal work necessary to start Barnabas, a pilot project of Jubilee
Jobs, Inc.

    Jubilee Jobs is a nonprofit employment service which locates entry level
jobs for the inner-city poor, the homeless, recovering substance abusers,
ex-offenders, and recent immigrants. Since 1981, Jubilee Jobs has placed over
6000 persons in permanent employment. Nevertheless, most of these jobs pay only
minimum wage and individuals and families are still struggling to survive.  n82
The Barnabas Self-Employment Fund was founded to help inner-city residents
supplement their family income by providing limited credit, business training
and moral collateral through a peer group lending model. As the first nonprofit
microenterprise development program in D.C.,  n83 Barnabas  [*216]  helps people
with small incomes and no access to commercial credit to open very small
businesses. This type of self-employment is viewed by Barnabas as a means for
developing economic self-sufficiency.

    Participants must undergo thirty hours of business training, during which
they are taught marketing, record keeping, accounting and other business skills.
After completion of the training, they are eligible for an initial loan of $
500. Loans are made on a "stepped up" basis increasing to a maximum of $ 2000
with a six month to one year repayment schedule for each loan.

    The participants organize themselves into loan groups or "borrowing
communities" comprised of five persons who each have their own business and
agree to provide mutual support and responsibility for each member. A person
desiring to receive a loan makes a presentation to the group and if the group
approves the loan, the group is obligated on the loan thereby establishing moral
collateral for the loan. In addition, the borrowing community must be certified
by Barnabas that they have learned borrowing and repayment rules. The peer
lending group then meets every two weeks to give each other personal and
business support, review new loan applications, make weekly loan payments, and
to contribute to a "rainy day" fund. This fund is a savings account to be used
for loan repayment in an emergency.

    The legal work for Barnabas resulted in an extensive semester-long project,
involved twelve clinic students and included an analysis of numerous legal
issues and regulations. These included: federal tax exemption laws; legal
requirements for establishing a microloan fund, such as the regulatory
requirement of a D.C. Money Lender License; types of licenses and permits needed
for the microbusinesses such as ambulatory vending licenses; review of contracts
between lender and borrowers; an analysis of alternative dispute resolution
mechanisms (mediation and arbitration) for the lending groups; an analysis of
the local small claims court; and the availability of federal and local waivers
for loan recipients enrolled in public entitlement programs.  n84 Once
established as a program of Jubilee Jobs and having secured its money lender
license, the program joined the ranks of over 500 other programs across the
country providing new opportunities for economic self-sufficiency.  n85  [*217]

    d. SINGA - Thread of Life

   "We keep telling the kids if they can dream it, they can have it, but the
community does not provide the resources and necessary experiences to make it a
reality."  n86

    SINGA, which also means "thread of life" in a language of The Democratic
Republic of the Congo, East Africa, formerly known as Zaire, is a clothing
manufacturing, merchandising and entrepreneurial training program that provides
hands-on experiences for students, inner city youth-at-risk and economically and
emotionally disadvantaged people who are interested in the fashion industry as
employees or entrepreneurs.

    When the group consulted the GW Clinic, it had already filed its articles of
incorporation. After an interview, however, student lawyers determined that it
needed bylaws, organization minutes, and federal and state tax exemption, as
well as a license to solicit funds. The GW Clinic students also taught the
client about fiduciary legal responsibilities, and educated the group about how
to operate as a nonprofit tax exempt-organization.

    SINGA was created based on the recognition that people love doing what
interests them, and that persons alienated from society such as high school
dropouts and the unemployed have hidden talents and strengths which need to be
nurtured. SINGA's founder, a teacher, fashion producer and designer, is a
resident of Washington's Shaw neighborhood. She is passionate about the
organization and has a clear vision of its need in the community.  n87 Having
secured federal tax exemption, SINGA will satisfy an identified need for a
community-based apparel production and management training program that offers
professional options for hands-on experience in the multifaceted, technically
advanced fashion industry.

    Designed as a two-year training course, SINGA also will offer opportunities
for networking and participation in the cottage industry, private industry,
options for self-employment and marketable job skills. While teaching students
the academic, technical and skill components of sewing, cutting fabric,
designing apparel, and marketing finished products, SINGA also will foster the
development of positive  [*218]  attitudes, self-esteem and professional
protocol. SINGA emphasizes the importance of higher education, discourages early
teen pregnancy, highlights the need for interdisciplinary job skills, emphasizes
basic math, reading, writing and verbal skills, and encourages creativity, sales
ability and initiative. Currently in the process of building its board of
directors, SINGA's goal is to increase economic participation and productivity
for inner-city youth and other low-income people.


   B. Small Business Clinics' Contribution to Skills Training and Attorney Role
Development

 Business start-up practice requires three principal kinds of legal skills: 1)
client interviewing and counseling, 2) drafting and 3) client education.  n88 In
addition, this legal area provides special opportunities for exploring distinct
lawyering roles and models as well as the benefits of interdisciplinary
collaborations.

    Every year a million new businesses are established. Perhaps one-third of
these are started with the help of a lawyer. While entrepreneurs are given
special attention in American business culture, business start-up lawyers are
not. Despite this unequal publicity, business start-up practice is fast becoming
as distinct a specialization as tax or environmental law. Lawyers for new
business start-ups need to know close corporation law because ninety-seven
percent of start-up businesses are close corporations.  n89 The choices of legal
entity have changed with the advent of limited liability companies and limited
liability partnerships. Fifty states and the District of Columbia now have
limited liability statutes and many small businesses are choosing this entity
form over partnerships and closely held corporations.  n90 In addition to
examining choice of entity issues and the legal and tax implications of the
choices, lawyers for small businesses must be familiar with employment, real
estate, environmental, intellectual property, contract, commercial, and estate
planning laws and regulations, and laws relevant to particular lines of
business.  n91

    Nonprofit corporations, even though they are not often thought of as small
businesses, must be operated as small businesses. They are subject to most laws
affecting small businesses such as employment laws and employer tax withholdings
from employees' earnings and re-  [*219]  quire substantial legal assistance.
n92

    In this setting students learn a range of skills that are shared with
students in traditional clinics. Students learn the skills and judgments
involved in working with individual clients and providing group representation
in client interviewing and counseling, negotiation, legal drafting, research and
writing, alternative dispute resolution and professional responsibility.
Students also receive instruction in the substantive doctrinal areas of
corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, tax, contracts,
nonprofit, and intellectual property law. These lawyering skills and substantive
doctrine are taught in case supervision meetings, individual client/student
meetings, and in two hour weekly seminars.

    While all clinical programs teach interviewing and counseling skills, there
are unique characteristics and learning opportunities in a small business and
CED clinic. While the process of gathering information in litigation and
transactions is similar, the kind of information gathered is different.
Transactional lawyers gather information for proposed deals, assess the
feasibility of the transaction taking into account legal, business and practical
considerations, and draft legal instruments to accomplish the business client's
goals. In order to accomplish the client's goals, students must learn about the
business from their clients.  n93

    In some clinic contexts, the student approaches the case with a cavalier
attitude of "I know what the client wants." Students feel comfortable assuming
the needs of cardboard clients even when faced with real live clients.  n94 This
may include social security benefits or acquittal in a criminal case. Students
can easily assume that in entitlement cases clients want more money and in
criminal cases they want freedom. Other goals or needs a client may have - a
permanent job, a reliable source of respect or dignity, a sense of purpose in
life - are not easily obtainable through the traditional adversarial legal
system. The traditional lawyer identifies and solves the client's problem.
Transactional lawyering also requires problem solving skills, nuanced by the
balance of client education skills (explaining the law to the client), client
listening skills (learning about the business from the client) as well as the
practical experience to help the client assess legal and business options. For
example, Josh, the student who worked with the glass business, had to use and
learn about interviewing and counselling skills as a traditional clinic student
would, but he was forced to  [*220]  ask specific questions about his clients'
business and their goals.Was the business located in an enterprise zone? What
was the exact nature of his clients' business? Answers dictate the different
rules and regulations that would affect the attainment of the clients' goals. An
abstract business client would not suffice to allow Josh to do his job.

    The transactional context that causes students to confront and interact with
their clients in more complex and detailed ways than is often required in
traditional clinics raises questions for students about the attorney-client
relationship. Traditional clinics have historically raised questions about the
ability for clients to enage with lawyers in an egalitarian way. Imagining and
creating relationships that in any way approximate such egalitarianism, however,
can be difficult for students in the criminal and entitlement context where
clients are in disempowering situations that encourage students (and lawyers
generally) to see themselves as saviors. The small business context involves
unique opportunities to challenge these perceptions. Several students were
overwhelmed by mature and sophisticated business clients and questioned their
professional role. They asked questions such as: "Who am I to counsel this
federal retiree who could be my father and who has been operating a convention
planning business for 3 years? I don't know anything about convention planning?
The client knows so much more than I do? How can I be helpful?" When Josh
interacted with his clients who started the glass business he was a
twenty-something year old counseling men with thirty years combined experience
in welding and glass making. The students who interacted with Jaqueline Hart,
the founder of SINGA-Thread Of Life, confronted a multitalented woman who is a
teacher and fashion designer, producer and marketer as well as small business
entrepreneur. In these instances the carefully supervised students were able to
examine their discomfort and explore ways to overcome their anxieties.  n95

    Students in small business clinics are challenged by their relationship with
their clients because not all are "poor" in the ways that clients in traditional
clinics typically are. Unlike some litigation clinics, a number of the clients
have backgrounds and experiences very similar to those of the students.  n96 The
student's ability or inability to identify  [*221]  with the clients raises
interesting questions about the process of professional development.  n97 Where
experiences are similar, students can bring special expertise to clients. For
example, a law student who operated his own advertising business and who was
soon to be married, consulted with a client, a photographer and part-time
college student. The photographer had been sued in Small Claims Court for breach
of contract involving a wedding photography job. The irate bride and groom
alleged that the photographer missed important wedding shots and that the
photographs were poorly taken. The photographer alleged that her view was often
obstructed during the wedding ceremony and the reception. The student had
experience with small claims court proceedings stemming from his advertising
business and had recently consulted wedding photographers personally. The
student redrafted the service contract which the photographer had written
herself so that the photographer could avoid future contractual problems. The
student learned that drafting a contract requires more than simply consulting a
form book; he learned how critical it is to understand the client's business
from her perspective and experience.  n98 His personal business experience
enhanced his professional role. These issues of professional role were explored
during case supervision.  n99 The questions raised by the more detailed
interaction students must have with clients in the transactional setting are
heightened by the more complex client education student lawyers must provide.
Students often identify a discomfort with the boundaries between legal advice
and business judgment. New student lawyers, lacking practical business
experience, grapple with explaining complex legal principles to clients such as
the differences between S corporations and C corporations and how these entities
differ from limited liability companies or other entities such as partnerships.
Business lawyers will often be called on to ask "mixed law-and-business
questions" or to develop a practical plan of action based on the  [*222]
lawyer's assessment of the facts and the law.  n100

    In addition to learning interviewing and counseling skills such as
fact-gathering, investigation and factual analysis, the GW Clinic students
confront their need for self-education in order to perform client education.
Students were able to broaden their understanding of the critical nature of
interviewing and counseling but they also learned the need to screen and refer
more complex cases to specialized attorneys, for example, through the GW
Clinic's coordination with a bar association computer law outreach program  n101

    In keeping with the social justice mission of many clinical programs,  n102
students are exposed to the chasm created by economic differences. In working
with economically disadvantaged clients, students have to assess their notions
about poverty, class, access to legal services, who could or should start small
businesses and what it takes to be an entrepreneur. Frank Cho who worked with
Tanya Ryan who had established a party decorating company had to confront his
biases about poor people. Frank met Ms. Ryan, a recovering drug addict, not in
the context of a criminal case where he might be trying to find her a suitable
drug program and hope that she had the psychic and spiritual wherewithal to
combat her addiction, but rather in the context of Ms. Ryan's successful battle
against addiction and establishment as a model in her community. When confronted
with Ms. Ryan's portfolio of jobs performed well, a student such as Frank has to
rethink notions about the possibilities for and capabilities of people  [*223]
in disadvantaged situations. The GW Clinic's middle class clients and
economically disadvantaged clients both lack access to legal services, yet given
equal access to capital and sound legal small business advice, their prognosis
for success is similar.


   C. Small Business Clinics' Role in Expanding Notions of Attorneys' Roles Into
Client Education and Activism

 Small business and CED clinics also provide other educational opportunities to
explore dimensions of professionalism which have been discussed in legal
literature. Law students must understand a range of lawyering roles in order to
identify which role is most valuable to the client, and to ascertain the role
with which counsel is comfortable. These themes include lawyering roles as
counselor and planner, as well as types of lawyer-advocates including regnant,
rebellious, critical, facilitative and collaborative.  n103 For clinical legal
education with the goals of professional role development coupled with the
[*224]  goal of activism against injustice the lawyer-advocate roles of
rebellious, critical, facilitative and collaborative are especially key. These
are lawyering roles that embody varying degrees of lawyer involvement in
supporting or assisting clients and communities in taking control and effecting
positive change. All of these roles involve students in client education, an
underated skill, even in the context of traditional lawyering, that in activist
contexts expands into creative community education approaches as well.

    A seminal concept in the legal literature about lawyering for subordinated
individuals and groups is the notion of rebellious lawyering. Rebellious
lawyering (also known as critical lawyering) seeks to empower subordinated
clients and questions whether legal intervention is good for the client's
material existence.  n104 Rebellious lawyering is juxtaposed to regnant (or
traditional) lawyering. Regnant lawyering reflects the traditional paradigm of
the preeminent problem solver, formally representing others primarily in a
litigation setting.  n105 Utilizing the critical lawyering approach, a strategy
for simplifying the regulatory small business maze might be to organize the
microbusiness community and transform the law that impedes microbusiness
development.  n106 Another critical lawyering perspective might expand the
strategy to include policy makers and alliances within a broader business
community such as the chamber of commerce and the board of trade.

    Although critical lawyering is often synonymous with rebellious lawyering,
the transactional experience facilitates an expanded and enhanced view of
critical lawyering to encompass collaborative and facilitative lawyering.
Although some social change activists view critical lawyering as the pinnacle,
other lawyering roles and models such  [*225]  as collaborative and facilitative
lawyering are also instructive in the context of teaching small business and
CED.  n107

    Collaborative lawyering includes interdisciplinary efforts, values
diversity, and recognizes client education to promote self-sufficiency and
reduce reliance on lawyers. Collaborative lawyering recognizes that lawyers are
outsiders to client communities and that their status interferes with client
autonomy. Therefore, the lawyer strives to become an insider, diminishing the
distinction between lawyer and lay person. This aspect of collaborative
lawyering is an essential part of rebellious lawyering. By being intensely
involved in the client's work, the lawyer attempts to help politicize the
client's effort.  n108 Collaborative lawyering also informs lawyers' work in
cross-cultural and interdisciplinary contexts. Collaboration allows for the
development of shared ideas that are emergent; it is a process that makes
maximum use of the experiences and knowledge of the collaborators, cherishes
difference and recognizes that conflict can be valuable and constructive.  n109

    Facilitative lawyering, recognizing lawyers' time and ability limitations,
emphasizes client autonomy and involves working on client-defined legal issues
in the role of general corporate counsel. The facilitative lawyering model
recognizes that the client may not want the lawyer to do more than provide legal
advice and the lawyer may not be able to do more.

    The Business Law Journal of the American Bar Association reports that client
education skills  n110 are most overlooked by lawyers. Yet, these skills are
particularly important when the clients are low-skilled or not formally
educated. In the context of providing client education, critical lawyering in
the expanded form discussed above dictates the use of nonpaternalistic client
empowerment strategies, the demystification of the administrative business
start-up processes such as obtaining a business license as well as tax
compliance matters and identifying the questions to ask to obtain goods and
services for the business.  n111  [*226]

    Although client education skills are important in an attorney's small
business practice, the transactional context may be the purist legal environment
for using critical lawyering skills because of the relative equality between
lawyer and client. Unlike criminal law, housing eviction defense and similar
legal contexts, small business clients are not dependent on the lawyer for a
liberty or shelter interest. Therefore, it is arguable that the lawyer-client
power imbalance is minimized in the transactional business setting.

    The GW Clinic's representation of Hermanas Unidas, a grassroots leadership
development and education organization of immigrant Latina Women in the D.C.
metropolitan area provides an example of collaborative lawyering wherein the
lawyer must act as an educator while striving to reduce the lawyer's status as
outsider in order to provide clients' with needed information and respecting the
clients' knowledge and autonomy.  n112 Members of Hermanas Unidas are immigrant
women who having experienced domestic violence at some point in their lives,
have come together to educate one another and organize to enhance the lives of
Latino families. Organized in 1991, Hermanas Unidas currently has a six member
board of directors and is a program of Ayuda, Inc., a twenty year-old
community-based agency which provides legal advocacy, empowerment and
educational services for low-income Latino and foreign-born families in
metropolitan Washington, D.C.  n113

    The GW Clinic students counseled Hermanas Unidas about a variety of
nonprofit organization legal issues and provided legal advice on fiduciary
responsibilities, legal long-range planning and organization strategies, goals
and objectives, and fund raising. After years of existence as a program within a
larger organization, Hermanas Unidas wanted to explore its legal options for
self-sufficiency. Was it ready to become a separate legal entity? How would it
accomplish this? What are the legal requirements? What are the advantages and
disadvantages of creating a new organization? The GW Clinic's extensive
experience with representing many types of community based organizations enabled
it to identify other legal resources and strategies, provide creative and
practical legal advice and counseling "with" Hermanas Unidas.

    The GW Clinic's work with Hermanas Unidas also exemplifies how collaborative
work between legal clinics and clinical law faculty  [*227]  in different law
schools can benefit clients, students and the teaching and public service goals
of the academy. The GW Clinic undertook the representation after consulting with
the co-founder of Hermanas Unidas, Professor Stacy Brustin of Catholic
University Law School, whose advocacy for domestic violence survivors resulted
in the formation of Hermanas Unidas. Hermanas Unidas also illuminates the
benefits of peer counseling in which clients gain confidence from the shared
experience of others.

    Hermanas Unidas taught the GW Clinic students about the power of grassroots
community based-organizations and the roles of lawyers in working with these
organizations. Moreover, the students, working in teams of two, were challenged
by having to translate language (from English to Spanish) and legal culture
(from legal concept into basic lay language).  n114 Privileged to learn from the
power of Hermanas Unidas, law students will be able to share this peer
empowerment model with other clients; they also learned about the benefits of
multidisciplinary approaches to social problems and expanded their notion of
legal representation.

    The GW Clinic students also experienced facilitative lawyering both in
responding to specific clients who had a clear sense of the legal issues they
needed addressed as well as in responding to community needs on specific issues
that can be written and disseminated to a broad range of unidentified "clients."
The Barnabas Self-Employment Fund provides an example of the facilitative lawyer
as educator. Barnabas was a pilot project of Jubilee Jobs which already had a
ten year history in the community. The organizer and coordinator had experience
with Jubilee and an idea of what would be needed for the new related project.
The GW Clinic students taught classes on contracts, insurance, license and
bonding to microenterprise program participants. Because most of the Barnabas
participants were low-income and persons who were not formally educated, it had
to require that all materials be understandable to persons educated below the
eighth grade. Students were challenged to identify ways to teach the concepts
they were learning themselves to others in simple and non-hierarchical ways. One
student teaching team chose to prepare a videotape discussion of a contract,
while another team found simple form contracts to use in teaching the class and
explained important provisions.

    The creation of Help with Housing: A Guide to Affordable Housing Resources
in D.C. is another dimension of the facilitative lawyer as educator. This
publication, a first of its kind, contains a list of commu-  [*228]  nity
development corporations, nonprofit housing developers and other housing
resources for low-to-moderate income District residents.  n115 The GW Clinic
students interviewed community leaders to obtain the data for this book. In so
doing, they became "resource builders" and they learned valuable information
about the local communities from which their client's hailed.  n116


   D. Small Business Clinics' Impact in Motivating Interdisciplinary Work for
Community Development

 The GW Clinic's expansion of the notion of critical lawyering leads to greater
connections with non-legal members of both the academic and lay communities.
With its focus on the complex needs of live clients, students in the small
business context are better able to take a true problem-solving approach. The
student-attorney in this legal context already must draw from business
principles, thereby making it easier to be open to collaboration on any number
of levels.  [*229]  This interdisciplinary focus resonates with a similar
movement in other university settings. The role of collaboration is increasing
among law faculty and other professionals and schools within the university such
as architecture, city planning, business, social work, medicine and psychology.
Interdisciplinary collaborations are critical for helping subordinated
communities and can be an essential part of critical lawyering.

    The GW Clinic has been engaged in an interdisciplinary collaboration with
the GW School of Business and Public Management. This small business support
project developed because we recognized the limitations of a legal clinic in
assisting small businesses with other issues such as marketing and business
planning.

    In the fall of 1992 seven small business clinic students were teamed with
pairs of graduate business school students to work with selected small business
clients.  n117 The genesis of this program was two-fold. Although, we could
identify, plan for and accomplish many of our clients' legal goals, our clients
had non-legal needs that we could not handle but from which we could learn such
as advertising and strategic business planning. Moreover, we could better serve
our clients by understanding aspects of their business needs. Business attorneys
are encouraged to understand how their clients' businesses operate in order to
properly analyze and evaluate their legal needs.  n118 There is often no bright
line rule to delineate business issues from legal issues.  n119

    The primary goals of this project were: to expand the law students'
understanding of the business needs of entrepreneurs, to engage in a strategic
interdisciplinary collaborative learning effort, to aid client service delivery
by linking them with MBA degree students and the specialized resources of GW
University's business school, and to facilitate mutual intellectual exchange.

    An example of the benefits of this collaboration involved a small copying
and duplication business. Owned by new immigrants, the business needed help with
advertising and marketing after a large chain competitor moved into the area.
Before the presence of the large chain store, our client was the only photocopy
and duplication service in their neighborhood. The graduate business school
students tackled the business plan and marketing strategies. The law students
[*230]  assigned to the case conducted legal research and counseled the client
about issues relevant to their existing partnership. The students also
researched the implications of dissolving the partnership and advised the
clients about the advantages and disadvantages of incorporating, as well as
other matters such as contracts and regulatory issues.

    The law and graduate business students met several times during the semester
to confer, discuss their projects and meet with the clients, usually at the
clients' business. At the end of the semester, the graduate business students
made oral presentations to the clients about their final work products which
were usually business plans, marketing or advertising strategies. The law
students participated in these presentations; given the confidential nature of
legal counseling, however, legal discussions took place in individual meetings
with the clients.  n120

    As a result of this joint effort, the client received a business plan and
concrete marketing assistance which helped them to redirect their business to
hidden local markets, such as neighborhood churches. The clients adopted the
recommendations of the business students and used the new logo they designed.
With legal help from law students and the business students, this local business
continues to thrive.


   E. Small Business Clinics' Ability to Promote Future Activism

 Small business and CED clinics provide students with transactional legal skills
that can translate into future professional opportunities in a corporate
context. Pedagogically for those students who are not interested in a career in
litigation, small business and CED clinics provide an alternative vision of
work. In addition, CED clinics provide a model that the students can use to
recognize and combat injustices throughout their careers as lawyers. These
transactional clinics provide this kind of motivation as do traditional clinics.

    Small business and CED clinics are affirming for many students  [*231]  who
are not interested in a litigation or administrative clinic or who want
additional experience outside of litigation. The unique nature of a small
business clinical offering also helps them to distinguish themselves in the
legal marketplace. In addition, by giving students an overview of aspects of
corporate practice in the context of helping clients who are not wealthy or not
only profit oriented, small business clinics inspire and encourage them to
continue working with small businesses and nonprofits, as opposed to only the
wealthy corporate client, after law school.  n121 Students are exposed to these
options for transactional, nontraditional, and public interest law prior to
embarking on their legal careers and can use them thereafter. For example, in
the spring of 1996, five students worked with Community First, Inc., a local
nonprofit corporation directed by community leaders dedicated to alleviating the
severe lack of basic financial services in low-and moderate income
neighborhoods.  n122 On the Community First Project, students worked with the
organization's executive director, a lawyer formerly in private practice, and
were able to observe how one might use legal training in a nontraditional way.
Students also learned first hand about community development banks (CDBs), a new
and innovative CED strategy which supports entrepreneurship and community
development by extending credit to locally owned and operated businesses,
providing housing loans to low-and-moderate income community residents, and
grants to low-income housing developers.  n123 Students who worked with
Community First attended corporate board meetings and took corporate minutes,
analyzed U.S. Department of Treasury documents relevant to the CDBs and
researched lending patterns for the SBA's 504 loan program.  n124 Community
First will soon launch the first CDB in the District of Columbia and will have
offices in two low-income communities.  n125  [*232]


   III. Conclusion

 Small business and CED clinics are likely to increase in number in law school
programs. These programs represent positive developments for both poor and
underrepresented people in the communities served by legal clinics as well as
for the clinical legal education agenda of teaching skills, professional role
and exposure of injustice in the legal system. For the client populations, small
business and CED clinics provide much needed legal representation and support
for sustained change in urban communities. In addition to providing direct legal
representation, law school small business and CED clinics can assist legal
advocates and be valuable resources to other legal service providers.  n126

    Working with individual entrepreneurs improves whole communities. In
addition to providing goods and services, local entrepreneurs serve as important
role models.  n127 Indeed, community-based organizations and the federal
government are concentrating considerable efforts on entrepreneurship training.
As we approach the new millennium, the gap between the haves and the have-nots
is widening. America has developed from an industrial society into an
information economy. This nation's success increasingly will be measured by the
resources that will be made available to its less fortunate citizens. Small
business and CED clinics provide legal assistance to clients whose goals are
self-employment and poverty alleviation.

    Entrepreneurship is being fueled at many levels by various sources,
including the microenterprise development industry and federally sponsored
programs from HUD, SBA, and the Department of Treasury. These programs provide
small loans and technical assistance for microbusinesses. They are also part of
a larger CED strategy for re-energizing low-income communities. Self-employment
through microenterprise development is an economic, human, family and community
development strategy that has gained considerable attention in the last decade.
The self-employment movement also provides an important option for some of the
clients served by other legal clinics in areas such as public benefits, domestic
violence, and disability law.  [*233]

    Future trends show that additional attention will be given to small business
development because of corporate downsizing and outsourcing, and rapidly
advancing technologies which allow more people to work from home.  n128 For
example, in the last decade, the smallest businesses produced the most jobs and
women are now the fastest growing group of entrepreneurs.  n129

    All of these trends confirm that small business and CED clinics can serve
the activist portion of clinical legal education's mission. Students can become
critical lawyers and contribute to the problem-solving and educational needs of
their underrepresented clients and communities. And they can be inspired to
continue such activity into the future. As this article has shown, these
transactional clinics also serve the other goals of clinical legal education. At
the same time these clinics provide valuable experiential learning opportunities
and practical doctrinal knowledge to law students who develop legal skills,
learn about lawyering roles and theories that will inform their professional
judgments as reflective practitioners.  n130 Small business and CED clinics can
provide equally as rich contexts for teaching basic lawyering skills as do
traditional clinics. Moreover, as this article demonstrates, small business and
CED clinics provide even better opportunities than do traditional clinics for
students to struggle with the ramifications of different models of
attorney-client relationships and attorneys' professional roles. These positive
attributes of small business and CED clinics make them attractive and necessary
components for the future of legal education.

    To prepare law students for the future, law schools must devote more
attention to small business development. To this end, several law schools have
created programs in entrepreneurship and the law.  n131 There are two components
of this preparation. The first is to prepare lawyers to be entrepreneurs in the
business of law. The second is to prepare them to represent entrepreneurs.  n132
As clinicians and others  [*234]  in the legal community reflect on the future
of clinical legal education and legal services for the indigent, small business
and CED efforts will be significant contributors to social and economic justice
agendas.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsPublic ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentLegal EthicsPublic
ServicePublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  The Small Business Administration defines a small business as one that has
"fewer than 100 employees, is independently owned, locally operated, not
dominant in its field of operation, and grosses less than three million dollars
annually." 13 C.F.R. 121.501 (1996). The definition of a small business may also
be determined by other factors such as industry and number of employees. Small
businesses employed 54% of the private work force in 1994 and they produced 62%
of the 3.3 million new jobs created. The White House Conference on Small
Business Commission, Foundation for a New Century: a Report to Congress 47
(1995) [hereinafter The White House Conference Report].




n2.  Community Economic Development (CED) is a strategy that includes a wide
range of economic activities and programs. The concept of "economic development"
emerged in response to tenacious poverty and the need for jobs, affordable
housing, and other essentials for human existence. Central to the notion of
"community development" is the ability of people living in the same community to
work together to solve common problems. Community development is described as
being broader than economic development because it includes community building
and highlights improvement of community life beyond that which is purely
economic. Thus, the concept of community and economic development is inter and
intra-dependent. National Economic Development and Law Center, a Lawyers Manual
on Community-based Economic Development, I-1 to -3 (revised 1994) [hereinafter
Nedlc, Lawyers Manual]; see also Rachel D. Godsil & James S. Freeman, Jobs,
Trees, and Autonomy: The Convergence of the Environmental Justice Movement and
Community Economic Development, 5 Md. J. Contemp. L. Issues 25, 30 (1993/1994);
John Little & the National Economic Development and Law Center, Practicing
Community Corporate Law, Clearinghouse Rev., Nov. 1989, at 889 [hereinafter
Little]; Frank Pommersheim, Economic Development in Indian Country, What are the
Questions?, 12 Am. Indian L. Rev. 195, 202 (1987); Anthony D. Taibi, Banking,
Finance and Community Economic Empowerment: Structural Economic Theory,
Procedural Civil Rights and Substantive Racial Justice, 107 Harv. L. Rev. 1463
(1994) (examining the economic structures that produce substantive injustices
and supporting the need for a populist community empowerment economics and
public policy discourse).

   Although the terms low-income and poor are sometimes used synonymously in
this paper, I am compelled to highlight that low-income communities are very
rich in non-monetary resources. "Poverty is generally thought of as material
deprivation. However, the operational definition of poverty currently used in
the United States is restricted to money income. Poverty is defined by the
federal government as a range of income thresholds adjusted for the size of the
family, the age of the householders, and the number of children under age 18 in
the family. The absolute money-income thresholds are updated yearly on the basis
of the Consumer Price Index." National Association of Social Workers,
Encyclopedia of Social Work (Richard L. Edwards et al. eds., 19th ed. 1995). In
1995 there were 36.4 million poor people (13.8% of the total population) living
in the United States. See Eleanor Baugher and Leatha Lamison-white, U.S. Dept.
Of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, Current Population Reports 60-194 (1995).




n3.  A microenterprise is defined as "a sole proprietorship, partnership or
family business that has fewer than five employees, does not generally have
access to the commercial banking sector and can initially utilize a loan of
under $ 15,000." Self Employment Learning Project (SELP) of The Aspen Institute,
1996 Directory of U.S. Microenterprise Programs xii (1993) [hereinafter 1996
U.S. Microenterprise Directory]. A microenterprise has also been defined as a
business, often home-based, comprised of 1-5 people, with less than $ 5000 in
start-up capital. Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction in
America's Inner Cities, 15 Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 191, 192 (1992).

   Microenterprise programs provide microloans (very small loans from $ 500 to $
25,000) or access to them through relationships with banks and community
development institutions such as credit unions and community development banks,
training and technical assistance primarily to low-income persons and other
targeted populations, such as minorities, women, public housing tenants,
dislocated workers, or farming and native American communities. Microenterprise
programs are usually organized as nonprofit, tax-exempt corporations. In
addition to providing loans, business training and technical support, a primary
goal of microenterprise development programs is the success of microenterprise
participants measured by positive personal outcomes such as improved
self-esteem, exercising control over one's life and household income, taking
advantage of educational opportunities or alternative employment and the overall
ability to exercise personal and economic choices. See also Susan R. Jones, A
Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development: Battling Poverty Through
Self-Employment (forthcoming 1997).




n4.  Most microenterprise programs were started in the mid-to late 1980s. See
Peggy Clark & Amy J. Kays, Enabling Entrepreneurship: Microenterprise
Development in the United States (1995) (presenting findings of a five-year
study of microlending); Brad Caftel, Helping Micrenterprise Programs Succeed, 22
Econ. Dev. & L. Center Rep. 2 (1993).




n5.  See Small Business Act 7(m), 15 U.S.C. 636(m) (1994) This act is expected
to be amended by S. 1139, 105th Cong. 201 (1997) and H.R. 2261, 105th Cong. 251
(1997). Implemented in 1992, the Microloan Demonstration Program is a pilot
program of the Small Business Administration designed to make loans through
intermediaries to very small businesses in low-income communities. The program
also offers grant monies to qualifying entities that offer technical assistance
in areas such as marketing and management. Loans under this program may be as
high as $ 25,000. The average loan, however, is $ 7500. Initially, loan funds
were issued to 45 intermediaries. The program was expanded by the Small Business
Credit and Opportunity Enhancement Act of 1992 which enabled the SBA to make
loan funds available to 110 intermediaries. Office of Advocacy, U.S. Small
Business Administration, the White House Conference on Small Business
Commission: Issues Handbook, Foundation for a New Century 32 (1994) [hereinafter
The White House Conference Issues Handbook].




n6.  See Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program Economic Development
Guidelines, as found in 24 C.F.R. 570 (1996). HUD's goal is to provide an
economic lift for distressed cities. HUD recently has revised the CDBG Program
to be a major contributor to providing jobs for low-income persons and
assistance for microenterprises. See 42 U.S.C. 5302(a) (1994).




n7.  Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), including Community
Development Banks, are commercial institutions with social and community
conscience designed to help economically distressed communities achieve enhanced
economic stability and self-reliance by providing capital. Operating at a
profit, CDFIs provide depository institution services such as savings and
checking accounts, money market, individual retirement accounts (IRAs), etc.
Unlike commercial banks, however, CDFI's also provide support to community
development activities such as credit and loans to locally owned and operated
businesses and affordable housing developers. See John J. Accordino,
Community-Based Development: An Idea Whose Time Has Come (1997); Rochelle E.
Lento, Community Development Banking Strategy for Revitalizing Our Urban
Communities, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Ref. 773, 776 (1994) (describing community
development banks, community development credit unions, and community
development loan funds).




n8.  Community Development Credit Unions (CDCU) are much like community
development banks. They also provide loans and credit to small businesses and
loans for affordable housing purchasers. See Lento, supra note 7, at 776.




n9.  Community Development Loan Funds, also known as revolving loan funds, serve
community economic development, housing, and business goals as well, but are
fewer in number than community development credit unions. See id.




n10.  See Richard Marsico, Fighting Poverty Through Community Empowerment and
Economic Development: The Role of the Community Reinvestment and Home Mortgage
Disclosure Acts, 12 N.Y.L. Sch. J. Hum. Rts. 281, 283 (1995); Richard Marsico, A
Guide to Enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act, 20 Fordham Urb. L.J. 165
(1993); Richard Marsico, The New Community Reinvestment Act Regulations: An
Attempt to Implement Performance-Based Standards, Clearinghouse Rev., March
1996, at 1021; Lisa Maslow, Is the Community Reinvestment Act Worth Saving?, 6
J. Affordable Housing 65 (1996). The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) requires
the federal bank regulatory agencies to encourage banks to meet the credit needs
of low-and-moderate income people. This is accomplished by assessing a bank's
lending record and taking that record into account when considering a bank's
application to expand. Community residents can challenge a bank's application to
expand on the grounds that it has failed to meet community credit needs and the
bank's application can be denied because of an inadequate CRA record. Observers
estimate that the CRA has directed between $ 4 billion and $ 6 billion a year to
low-and-moderate income communities. New CRA regulations created four new
performance tests one of which requires banks to disclose information about
their small business and community development loans.




n11.  See Audrey G. McFarlane, Empowerment Zones: Urban Revitalization Through
Collaborative Enterprise, 5 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 35 (1995).
Title XX of the Social Security Act, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993
(OBRA), Pub. L. No. 103-66, 107 Stat. 312, 543 (codified at 26 U.S.C. 1391-1394,
1396, and 1397 (1994)), made available one billion dollars for each Empowerment
Zone and Enterprise Community (EZEC). One hundred million dollars in grants are
available for each urban empowerment zone; forty million for each rural
empowerment zone and approximately three million for each enterprise community.
The grant funds are to be used to serve three broad goals: 1) economic
self-support to prevent, reduce or eliminate dependency; 2) self-sufficiency,
including reducing or preventing dependency (e.g., drug addiction and substance
abuse); and 3) preventing or remedying neglect, abuse or exploitation of
children and adults unable to protect their own interests. Employment training,
entrepreneurism, development of microenterprise loan funds, self-employment
training and enhanced transportation services to improve access of zone
residents to high job growth areas outside of the zone are several examples of
appropriate uses of the funds. Although it is too early in the process to
determine the success of EZEC, they represent real potential after decades of
urban disinvestment. A program of this type is unprecedented in the United
States. Furthermore, the EZEC mandated strategic planning process promises to
stimulate creative community-based planning and development.




n12.  In the past 10 years, microenterprise development programs, many of which
are based on the group peer lending model of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh,
have gained much attention in the United States. Peer lending involves forming
groups of borrowers who may guarantee each others' loans and provide assistance
to each others' businesses. The founder and managing director of the bank,
Mohammad Yunus, is an economics professor and is considered to be the world's
leading proponent of the "trickle up" model of development. He believes that
access to credit can provide a lifeline to rescuing many people from poverty.
Founded in 1983, the Grameen Bank lends over six million dollars a month to more
than 690,000 members (92% presently are women) in 14,000 villages through
Bangladesh. See Alex Counts, Give Us Credit (1996); Robert Friedman and Puchka
Sahay, Six Steps Forward for Microenterprise Development, in 1996
Entrepreneurial Economy Review (1996); 1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory,
supra note 3.




n13.  Human capital refers to the education, skill level, and problem solving
abilities that will enable an individual to be a productive worker in the global
economy of the Twenty First Century. See Theodore Herschberg, Human Capital
Development: America's Greatest Challenge, 544 The Annals of the American
Academy (1996).




n14.  See National Economic Development and Law Center, Serving Clients in New
Ways: Community Economic Development, Clearinghouse Rev., November 1993, at 899;
see also Brad Caftel, Helping Microenterprise Programs Succeed, 22 Economic
Development & Law Center Reporter 2 (April 1993); Little, supra note 2, at 889.




n15.  Nedlc, Lawyers Manual, supra note 2, at I-3.




n16.  See Brian Glick & Matthew Rossman, Neighborhood Legal Services as House
Counsel to Community-Based Efforts to Achieve Economic Justice: The East
Brooklyn Experience, 23 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 105, 107-08 (1997).




n17.  See, e.g., Regina Austin, An Honest Living: Street Vendors, Municipal
Regulation and the Black Public Sphere, 103 Yale L.J. 2119 (1994); Steven H.
Hobbs, Personal Reflections on Adarand Construction Co. v. Pena, 2 Race & Ethnic
Ancestry L. Dig. 18 (1996) (discussing Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Pena, 515
U.S. 200 (1995), which found that all racial classification, imposed by federal,
state, or local governments, must be analyzed by a reviewing court under strict
scrutiny); Robert E. Suggs, Bringing Small Business Development to Urban
Neighborhoods, 30 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 487 (1995) (describing the importance
of black business development and the need for human and social capital
investment, and proposing a strategy of tax increment credits to transfer
capital to inner city minority entrepreneurs); Robert E. Suggs, Rethinking
Minority Business Strategies, 25 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 101 (1990) (discussing
the need for minority business development to close the economic disparities
between minorities and the mainstream and proposing alternatives to traditional
minority set aside programs).




n18.  Throughout this article, the nonprofit organizations that support
entrepreneurship and other CED efforts are referred to as small businesses for
two reasons: (1) nonprofit organizations are subject to many laws affecting
small businesses such as zoning and employment; and (2) nonprofit organizations
must be operated as small businesses in order to function efficiently.

   The principal distinction between a for-profit business and a nonprofit
organization is the "use" of profits derived by the organization. A for-profit
business is operated for the benefit of its owners, to generate gross earning
and turn net earning (also called inurement) over to the owners, e.g., in the
payment of dividends to shareholders in a corporation. A nonprofit organization
can pay reasonable compensation to employees, but it is not allowed to engage in
private inurement. The net profits must be retained or used for the purposes for
which the group is organized. Bruce R. Hopkins, The Nonprofit Law Dictionary
(1994).




n19.  As noted in note 1, the SBA's definition of small busines includes large
businesses grossing less than three million dollars. Some people do not
distinguish between microbusinesses and larger enterprises. Small business
clinics do not compete with the private bar; they prepare clients, who cannot
afford lawyers, for "graduation" to the private bar.




n20.  See Don J. DeBenedictis, Learning by Doing, 76 A.B.A. J. 54, 56 (1990).




n21.  Microlending (also known as microcredit) involves providing small loans to
microbusineses. Often coupled with business training, credit repair, and other
technical assistance, microlending (or the provision of access to microloans) is
one aspect of what microenterprise development programs do.




n22.  Webster's Desk Dictionary of the English Language (1983) defines sustain:
"1. to keep going or in effect, as in action or process. 2. to supply with food
and other necessities of life. 3. to keep (a person, the spirits, etc.) from
giving away ... 6. to support from below." In this context it appropriately
describes the capacity for permanent changes and self-sufficiency that the
microenterprise development movement extols.




n23.  Researchers have identified three major components of a federal investment
strategy to revitalize cities. First, create jobs and invest in the national
infrastructure such as public transportation. Second, improve America's human
infrastructure and the productivity of its current and future workforce. Third,
invest in urban neighborhoods to improve the social economic and physical
conditions of these communities. See Peter Dreier, America's Urban Crisis:
Symptoms, Causes, Solutions, 71 N.C. L. Rev. 1351, 1386 (1993); see also
Nicholas Lehmann, Don't Give Up Poverty Programs that Work; Selling Salsa,
Banking in the Ghetto and 11 Other Strategies for Helping the Poor, Wash.
Monthly, June 1988, at 12.




n24.  See Fran Ansley, Standing Rusty and Rolling Empty: Law, Poverty and
America's Eroding Industrial Base, 81 Geo. L. J. 1757, 1765-69 (1993); Ronald
Grover, The Economic Crisis of Urban America, Bus. Wk., May 18, 1992, at 38;
Michael H. Schill, Assessing The Role of Community Development Corporations in
Inner City Economic Development, 22 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 753, 754-59
(1996-97); Paulette Thomas, Credit Where Due? Small Businesses, Key to Urban
Recovery, Are Starved for Capital, Wall St. J., June 11, 1992, at A1.




n25.  According to the U.S. Department of Labor, self-employed persons are:

those who work for profit or fees 10 hours or more a week in their own business,
profession or trade or operate a farm. The business that a self-employed person
is in may be called a microenterprise [or microbusiness] because it is very
small in terms of the numbers of employees, sales[, assets or other
characteristics]. Although [the terms microenterprise and self-employment] are
used interchangeably, self-employment refers to the status of the business owner
while microenterprise refers to a very small business.

1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory, supra note 3, at xii.




n26.  The White House Conference Report, supra note 1, at 31.




n27.  The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996, (PRWORA or
Welfare Reform), Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996). The PRWORA was
signed into law by President Clinton on August 22, 1996. It replaces the Aid to
Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) program with a block grant to states to
provide cash assistance to needy families. See PRWORA 103, 110 Stat. at 2113.




n28.  See id. at 2129.




n29.  See Cynthia A. Guy et al., Manpower Demonstration Research Corporation,
Self-employment for Welfare Recipients: Implementation of the Seid Program
(1991); 1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory, supra note 3; see also Ray Boshara
et al., Realizing the Promise of Microenterprise Development in Welfare Reform
(1997).




n30.  See Claud Anderson, Black Labor, White Wealth (1994); see also Steven H.
Hobbs, From the Shoulders of Houston: A Vision of Social and Economic Justice,
32 How. L.J. 505, 544 (1989) (noting that minorities cannot obtain full
inclusion into America unless the concept of justice is enlarged to include the
economic sphere and urging that legal scholars have a duty to define and
advocate for economic justice).




n31.  Most clinical teachers know this history well. However, this background is
useful as a foundation for the development of recent trends in CED and small
business. This history may also be helpful to those who are new to clinical
teaching and for those with no background in the field. Moreover, as the
clinical movement approaches its third decade of evolution, it is useful to
reflect on the past in order to plan for the future.




n32.  See Edgar S. Cahn, Reinventing Poverty Law, 103 Yale L.J. 2133, 2135
(1995); Edgar S. Cahn & Jean C. Cahn, The War on Poverty: A Civilian
Perspective, 73 Yale L.J. 1317 (1964). See also DeBenedictis, supra note 20.




n33.  See DeBenedictis, supra note 20; Stephanie B. Goldberg, Bridging the Gap:
Can Educators and Practitioners Agree on the Role of Law Schools in Shaping
Professionals? Yes And No, 76 A.B.A. J. 44-50 (1990); Ann Jergens, Teach Your
Student Well: Valuing Clients in the Law School, 2 Cornell J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 339
(1993); Linda F. Smith, The Judicial Clinic: Theory and Method in a Life
Laboratory of Law, 1993 Utah L. Rev. 429 (1993); Nina Tarr, Current Issues in
Clinical Legal Education, 37 How. L.J. 31 (1993).




n34.  See Smith, supra note 33, at 435. It is noteworthy that the Council on
Legal Education Opportunity (CLEO) was also established at this time to promote
minority enrollment in law schools. As a result of CLEO, minority enrollment in
law schools increased. See Goldberg, supra note 33, at 44-50.




n35.  See DeBenedictis, supra note 20, at 55.




n36.  There are clinical programs that focus on micro goals such as the
development of problem solving, examination of role assumption, and other
lawyering skills. Other programs emphasize macro goals such as the examination
of the lawyer's role in society, analysis of the adversary system, and the study
of legal institutions. Some combine both models. No matter which method is used,
they all emphasize three things: 1) the students' experience and the teacher's
reliance on the students' experiences in the pursuit of intellectual speculation
and inquiry; 2) recognition of the tensions inherent in this teaching/learning
process; and 3) an understanding of the student/lawyer's role in society. See
Smith, supra note 33, at 438 (citing Gary Bellow, On Teaching the Teachers: Some
Preliminary Reflections on Clinical Education as Methodology, in Council on
Legal Education for Professional Responsibility, Inc., Clinical Legal Education
for the Law Student 379 (1973); Carrie Menkel-Meadow, The Legacy of Clinical
Education: Theories About Lawyering, 29 Clev. St. L. Rev. 555, 556-73 (1980)).




n37.  American Association of Law Schools, 1996 Directory of Clinical Teachers
(1996) [hereinafter Directory of Clinical Teachers].




n38.  See Tarr, supra note 33.




n39.  See id. at 44.




n40.  In the early 1970s there were several early CED efforts in law school
clinics such as Antioch School of Law. Interview with Michael Diamond, Associate
Director, Georgetown University Law School Harrison Institute, Washington, D.C.
(September 11, 1996). It appears, however, that these were part of tenant
organizing, housing representation efforts and larger anti-poverty strategy;
they were not clearly definable as CED clinics and there is limited information
about these early efforts in legal literature.




n41.  See Louise G. Trubek, The Worst of Times ... and the Best of Times:
Lawyering for Poor Clients Today, 22 Fordham Urb. L.J. 1123, 1128-34 (1995).




n42.  See 45 C.F.R. 1609.1-1640.1 (1996).




n43.  See Margaret Martin Barry, A Question of Mission: Catholic Law School's
Domestic Violence Clinic, 38 How. L.J. 135 (1994); Cahn, supra note 32, at 2135.




n44.  The George Washington University Small Business Clinic, which is used as a
case study in this article, is one of a few in the country. According to an
informal survey conducted by the Georgetown University Law School Harrison
Institute, CED clinics and/or classes exist at University of Washington, John
Marshall, St. Louis, University of Baltimore, Washington and Lee, Santa Clara,
Marquette, U.C. Berkeley (Boalt Hall), Syracuse, SUNY Buffalo, Michigan, George
Washington, Pittsburg, Yale, Georgetown, and CUNY. The 1996 Directory of
Clinical Teachers lists eight such programs adding William and Mary and
Tennessee to the list. The Small Business Clinics at GW and Pennsylvania are the
only ones listed in the 1996 Directory of Clinical Teachers. However, the author
is also aware that Harvard's Hale and Dorr Legal Clinic has a Corporate and
Community Renewal Clinic, University of Maryland has an Economic Housing and
Community Development Clinic and William Mitchell College of Law has a business
law clinic. See Jergens, supra note 33, at 353 n.39. Because of soft money
grants, some programs are funded temporarily, resulting in fluctuation in the
number of programs that exist at any given time.




n45.  The Center for Public Representation, started in 1974, at the University
of Wisconsin is an early example of a non-litigation clinic which promotes
legislative reform as a mechanism for social change. Telephone Interview with
Prof. Louise Trubek, Clinical Professor of Law, University of Wisconsin Law
School and Senior Attorney, Center for Public Representation, Madison, Wis.
(July 17, 1996).




n46.  See Trubek, supra note 41, at 1133.




n47.  Leslie Newman & National Economic Development and Law Center, Law Schools
and Community Economic Development (1993) (unpublished manuscript, on file with
author).




n48.  The Lawyers Alliance of New York and the National Economic Development and
Law Center (NEDLC) have provided CED legal assistance since 1969. NEDLC has been
at the forefront or providing help to emerging CED clinics. See Leslie Newman,
Law Schools Building a Corps of Lawyers Skilled in CED, in National Economic
Development & Law Center, Counseling Organizations in Community Economic
Development (revised June 1994).




n49.  See Adam Berger et al., Homes for the Homeless: a Handbook for Action
(1990); James S. Rubin & Robert A. Solomon, Learning and Serving the Community:
Yale Law's Housing Development Clinic, 2 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev.
L. 15 (1992).




n50.  In 1977, the Small Business Development Center (SBDC) program was
established on an experimental basis. The program became permanent with the
enactment of The Small Business Development Center Act of 1979. See James J.
Chrisman et al., The Impact of SBDC Consulting Activities, J. Small Bus. Mgmt.,
July 1985, at 1, 1-2.




n51.  See Mark Eddy, Cong. Res. Serv. Rep. For Congress, Rep. No. 90-312 G.O.V.
1 Federal Programs for Minority and Women-Owned Businesses (1990). In existence
since 1968, the SBA's 8(a) program, which provides preferential treatment to
small and disadvantaged businesses, is perhaps the most well known. See also
Major Thomas Jefferson Hasty, III, Minority Business Enterprise Development and
the Small Business Administration's 8(a) Program: Past, Present and (Is There A)
Future?, 145 Mil. L. Rev. 1, 2 (1994).




n52.  See supra notes 5-12.




n53.  Welfare reform is an expansive topic and self-employment as an alternative
to welfare is an emerging theme. The topic is outside of the scope of this
article. See generally, Joel F. Handler, Ending Welfare as we Know it - Wrong
for Welfare, Wrong for Poverty, 2 Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 3 (1994).




n54.  Interview with Eric S. Sirulnik, Associate Dean for Clinical Affairs and
founder of the Small Business Clinic, Washington, D.C. (November 7, 1996). In
addition to the Small Business Clinic, GW law school has eight other in-house
clinical programs in the Jacob Burns Community Legal Clinics: Administrative
Advocacy, Federal and Appellate, Civil and Family, Mediation, Immigration,
Domestic Violence Advocacy Project, Vaccine Injury Project and Health Care
Counseling Project. It also has an extensive Externship Program. Ten third year
students are enrolled in the Small Business Clinic for one semester. Because the
clinic is very popular, approximately 20-25 students seek entry into the clinic
each semester. Student selection is conducted by lottery. Students may enroll in
the Small Business Clinic for 2, 3 or 4 credits which represents 10, 15 or 20
hours of clinic work per week. They are required to have completed courses in
Federal Income Tax Law and Corporations. In addition, they must attend a
mandatory two hour weekly seminar, perform client telephone intake and conduct
initial office consultations.

   The only other Small Business Clinic on the east coast, at the University of
Pennsylvania Law School, was established in 1982. See Goldberg, supra note 33.




n55.  Howard University conducts seminars and provides individual counseling in
business planning, financing, marketing and accounting. As a historically Black
college, Howard University works primarily with African American and other
minority entrepreneurs. In an effort to increase outreach to the entire city,
Howard University business counselors provide counseling at centers in all
quadrants of the city, including the offices of several community development
corporations.




n56.  Community Development Corporations (CDCs) are nonprofit organizations
established to marshall community resources and stimulate revenue generating
businesses in low-income communities.




n57.  For example, The Small Business Research Law Clinic at the University of
Connecticut Law School provided legal information through research (under
faculty supervision) to the Connecticut Small Business Development Center
(CSBDC) counselors. This program operated as an autonomous branch of the CSBDC.
The CSBDC brochure is on file with the author. The GW Small Business Clinic is
still funded in part by the SBA.




n58.  See Small Business Development Center Act, 15 U.S.C. 648 (1994); Gen.
Acct. Off. Briefing Rep. to the Chairman Senate Committee on Small Business,
RCED-90-38BR, Small Business Development Centers Meet Counseling Needs of Most
Clients (Nov. 1989) [hereinafter GAO Briefing Report].




n59.  See The White House Conference Issues Handbook, supra note 5.




n60.  See GAO Briefing Report, supra note 58.




n61.  See Clark & Kays, supra note 4; 1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory, supra
note 3, at ix-xii (noting that while most clients of microenterprise programs
are poor, the programs serve clients with a range of income levels).




n62.  Available capital for a new business is generally spent on equipment,
inventory, marketing and related start-up costs. Although the GW Clinic does not
have formal income guidelines as required by student practice rules in some
jurisdictions, the GW Clinic carefully selects clients based on a review of
their business plan and legal needs. Clients who can afford private legal
services are generally not accepted by the GW Clinic absent compelling reasons.




n63.  See Olaf Edgberg, the Mcgee Street Foundation, Non-money: That 'Other
Money' You Didn't Know You Had (1994); Edgar Cahn & Jonathan Rowe, Time Dollars:
the New Currency That Enables Americans to Turn Their Hidden Resource-time into
Personal Security & Community Renewal (1992); Lewis D. Solomon, Rethinking Our
Centralized Monetary System: the Case for a System of Local Currencies (1996);
Maryland Neighborhood Works Together to Solve Local Problems, Community
Development Digest, Jan. 23, 1996, at 15.




n64.  See Fara Danzig, Small Business Clinic Meets Community Leaders, the
Advocate, (Student Newspaper of The Geo. Wash. U. L. Sch., Washington, D.C.),
Oct. 12, 1992, at 1.




n65.  See id.




n66.  A tension of many grant funded programs is the high number of cases that
the grant source requires the clinic to handle. In the past, some clinical
programs followed a legal services model of handling as many cases as possible;
however, this model may detract from the educational goals of clinical programs,
especially if the law school requires clinicians to engage in significant
academic writing. This issue is the topic of substantial discussion in the
clinical community.  See Richard Boswell, Keeping the Practice in Clinical
Education and Scholarship, 43 Hastings L.J. 1111 (1992); Gary Palm,
Reconceptualizing Clinical Scholarship as Clinical Instruction, 1 Clin. L. Rev.
127 (1994).




n67.  A key issue in the development of a CED program is building community
relationships and trust. The author lives in one of the inner-city communities
served by the GW Clinic and has extensive community relationships from community
activities and private law practice. Other clinicians such as Rochelle Lento and
Peter Pitegoff were community organizers prior to attending law school and have
used their personal and past professional relationships to assist in the
development of clinical programs. Interview with Peter Pitegoff, Professor of
Law, SUNY Buffalo School of Law, in Boston, Mass. (Aug 15, 1997); Telephone
Interview with Rochelle Lento, Professor of Law, University of Michigan School
of Law (Oct. 3, 1997). Developing a viable CED program in a law school takes
commitment and requires a willingness to learn the community. See John A.
Powell, Righting the Law: Seeking a Humane Voice, 96 W. Va. L. Rev. 333
(1993-94).




n68.  The representation of for profit artists and arts organizations is the
subject of another article now in progress.




n69.  In these client profiles, the names of students and clients have been
changed and sometimes that facts have been altered to protect client
confidentiality.




n70.  The District of Columbia is organized into 8 Wards (or sections).
Anacostia, an area known as "east of the river" is in Ward 8, a community of
72,000 which has the lowest median household income of Washington, D.C.
Comprised of approximately 16,000 residents, Anacostia has only one sit down
restaurant. See Dr. Bruce W. Ferguson et al., Action Plan for Community Retail
and Economic Development in Washington, D.C., Oct. 1995 (prepared for the
Coalition for NonProfit Housing Development and for the Coalition of Economic
Development Organizations) (unpublished paper, on file with the author)
[hereinafter Ferguson, Action Plan].




n71.  The Job Corps, an apprentice-like program established in 1964, is the
longest-lived and most effective federal government program dedicated to youth
employment training. The Job Corps enrolls "the neediest of low-income youth
between the ages of 14 and 21." According to a 1977-81 study, more than 90% of
the enrollees lived below the poverty line or received welfare. Steven F.
Hamilton, Apprenticeship for Adulthood: Preparing Youth for the Future 40
(1990).




n72.  There are many more reasons why interviewing skills are essential for
effective law practice. A more in-depth discussion of these skills and obstacles
to effective interviewing and counseling is outside of the scope of this
article. See David A. Binder et al., Gathering Information for Proposed Deals,
in Lawyers as Counselors: A Client Centered Approach 197 (1991).




n73.  Happily, our review of the lease revealed that the terms were not
oppressive to the company. Josh and I acknowledged that we would have liked the
opportunity to negotiate some of the lease provisions; however, there were
judgments to make about the advantages and disadvantages of attempting to
renegotiate lease terms after its commencement because the client often has the
most leverage in lease negotiations before the lease has been signed.




n74.  Md. Code Ann. Corps & Ass'ns 5-201-5-208 (1996); see also Barbara L.
Kirscten, Nonprofit Corporations Forms Handbook (1996).




n75.  See Carol Izumi & Susan Jones, A Legal Overview-For Home Improvement
Contractors in the District Only, Profit (Newsletter of the How. U. Small Bus.
Dev. Center, Washington, D.C.), Vol. 17, No. 4, at 5 (1989) (on file with the
author).




n76.  See id.




n77.  Equal Opportunity for Local, Small, and Disadvantaged Business
Enterprises, D.C. Code ANN. 1-1152 (Supp. 1997).




n78.  Michael E. Porter, The Competitive Advantage of the Inner City, Harv. Bus.
Rev., May-June 1995, at 55.




n79.  See Scott J. Burnham, Drafting Contracts: A Guide to the Practical
Application of the Principles of Contract Drafting (1993); Peter Siviglia,
Writing Contracts: a Distinct Discipline (1996).




n80. "' Entrepreneurship' is recognized as a basic factor of production - a type
of economic behavior that impels an individual to pursue a business opportunity
with great tolerance for uncertainty and risk - perhaps at first through
self-employment ..." The White House Conference Report, supra note 1, at 37.




n81.  The author is appreciative of Prof. Lewis Solomon's participation in this
program and his overall support to the work of the GW Clinic.




n82.  Anthony Cauterucci, The Barnabas Fund: Encouraging People to Create Their
Own Jobs (unpublished manuscript, on file with the author).




n83.  See Chris Harvey, Program Puts Money Behind Small Business Dreams, Wash.
Post, Dec. 23, 1993, at J3; Nora T. Kelly, Small Step Up Microloans, Geo. Wash.
U. Mag., June 1994, at 2; see also Counts, supra note 12.




n84.  Prior to the PRWORA, public assistance programs such as Aid to Families
with Dependent Children deterred microenterprise program recipients from
receiving microloans because loan amounts were included in their gross income
which would often make them ineligible for these public benefits.




n85.  Since its inception in 1993, the Barnabas Self-Employment Fund has offered
8 basic business cycles, 156 persons have participated, and 107 persons have
completed 5 weeks or more of the training. Eight business loan circles were
formed and 25 microentrepreneurs were assisted in starting or improving their
businesses. In August 1995, the coordinator and developer of Barnabas left the
program. Without a full-time staff person, additional classes are not being
offered at the present time. Jubilee Jobs 1995 Annual Report.




n86.  Business Plan for SINGA (quoting Jaqueline Hart, SINGA founder) (reprinted
with permission and on file with the author).




n87.  See Linda Wheeler, Preserving Riches of Black Life: Efforts Underway to
Save D.C.'s Shaw Neighborhood, Wash. Post, July 16, 1996, at B1, for a profile
of the exemplary efforts of the Shaw community residents to revitalize the area.




n88.  See John M. Cunningham, Helping Businesses Get Started: In Praise of an
Unsung Legal Specialty, Business Law Today, Nov/Dec. 1995, at 9-10.




n89.  See id.




n90.  See Larry E. Ribstein, The Emergence of the Limited Liability Company, 51
Bus. Law. 1 (1995); see also Jennifer J. Johnson, Limited Liability for Lawyers:
General Partners Need Not Apply, 51 Bus. Law. 85 (1995).




n91.  See Glick, supra note 16, at 110, 118-20.




n92.  See id.




n93.  Roger S. Haydock et al., Lawyering Practice and Planning 96-108 (1996).




n94.  See Ann Shalleck, Constructions of the Client Within Legal Education, 45
Stan. L. Rev. 1731, 1739-48 (1993).




N95.  The GW Small Business Clinic uses the clinical education model of
planning, doing, and reflecting which is an important tool for accessing
developing lawyering competencies. See Harold A. McDougall, Lawyering and Public
Policy, 38 J. Legal Educ. 369, 372-75 (1988). The author first used this model
in the mid-1980s, during her tenure as an Assistant Professor of Law at the City
University of New York Law School (CUNY) at Queens College.




n96.  Adam Berger, et al., Homes for the Homeless: A Handbook for Action 2
(1990) (noting the similarity of experience between clients and students in the
housing transactions clinic at Yale). The author believes that this may be based
in part on the fact that middle and upper income students can better identify,
for example, with a new entrepreneur in a small business clinic than a social
security disability client in an entitlements clinic.




n97.  A depthful exploration of these issues is outside of the scope of this
article.




n98.  For example, a provision regarding visual obstructions should have been
included in the contract.




n99.  Based on our advice and counsel, the photographer prevailed in Small
Claims Court. I recognize that this example may be somewhat unusual, however,
the GW Clinic provides unique opportunities for some students to use their
personal experiences to enhance their professional role. I have also observed a
variation of this theme in the case of a student I supervised in an
administrative advocacy clinic, who consulted her father, a medical doctor, for
information to support a social security disability claim of inability to work
due to a brain a tumor.




n100.  As a rule, business lawyers should never answer purely business questions
unless they possess special training or qualifications to do so. At the same
time, business lawyers play an important role in shaping clients' business
judgment by presenting to the client options and legal consequences of options.
See Clifford R. Ennico, Business Lawyers Handbook 3-13 to -14 (1992); see also,
D.C. Rules of Professional Ethics, Rule 2.1 Advisor. ("In representing a client,
a lawyer shall exercise independent professional judgment and render candid
advice. In rendering candid advice, a lawyer may refer not only to law but to
other considerations such as moral, economic, social, and political factors,
that may be relevant to the client's situation.").




n101.  The Community Outreach Program of the Computer Law Section of the D.C.
Bar provides free two hour consultations to minority and disadvantaged
entrepreneurs in computer related or highly technical businesses including the
emerging law of cyberspace. When the Clinic makes a referral to this program,
the student lawyer assigned - with the permission of both the client and
volunteer attorney - attends the consultation with the client and the volunteer
lawyer. This enables law students to observe other lawyer's styles, and
introduces them to complex issues associated with computer law and other highly
technical legal issues which are beyond the scope of matters which the Clinic
can handle. This arrangement also provides additional ways for students to help
new entrepreneurs and learn from the experience. See No-Cost, No-Obligation law
Advice Offered to Computer Related Businesses,Computer Dig., July 1993, at 1;
Probono Gets Down to Business, Wall St. J., Oct. 27, 1993, at B1.




n102.  David Barnhizer, The Justice Mission of American Law Schools, 40 Clev.
St. L. Rev. 285 (1992) (describing active commitments to justice and
acknowledging that the clinical movement began from a vision of a just society).




n103.  Although a discussion of professional responsibility is beyond the scope
of this paper, it is noteworthy that the Model Rules of Professional Conduct
recognize four major differences between litigation and transactional legal
counseling:



   First, a litigator for the most part must deal with past facts, whereas a
legal counselor often has the flexibility to structure or alter a future
transaction to avoid pitfalls that might otherwise result in litigation. Second,
a litigator is entitled to resolve all doubts about the propriety of the
client's action in favor of the client and may advocate any legal position that
is not frivolous, whereas a legal counselor has a more definite obligation to
advise the client of the risks involved in any action proposed by the client and
to recommend action that will achieve, with the least amount of risk, the
client's ultimate objectives. Third, the circumstances under which a lawyer can
withdraw from representation are more restrictive once a matter reaches the
litigation stage. Finally, the rules requiring disqualification because of
conflicts of interest are more restrictive in litigation than in counseling
situations.



   Harry J. Haynesworth, The Professional Skills of the Small Business Lawyer 4
(1984).

   The entity theory of representation requires that lawyers for corporations
and other groups give their allegiance to the entity and not to the individual
stockholders, directors, officers or employees. See Model Rules of Professional
Conduct, Rule 1.7 (1995). This theory has been criticized as unhelpful in
representing closely held businesses. See Lawrence E. Mitchell, Professional
Responsibility and the Close Corporation: Toward a Realistic Ethic, 74 Cornell
L. Rev. 446 (1989) (examining different types of close corporations, conflicts
of interest for legal counsel, and proposing an ethical rule covering various
types of close corporation representation).

   Client-lawyer interactions in the context of group representation are complex
and different from individual representation. Group representation is a
substantial part of lawyering in the public interest; yet there is only one -
Model Rule of Professional Conduct Rule 1.13 - on the topic. Group client
centeredness dictates that the lawyer identify ways to mobilize the group while
adhering to the often criticized entity theory of representation. At a more
basic level, in Clinic, students must first analyze at a practical level, "Who
is the client?" and "What does the entity theory of representation really mean?"
and "How do I determine whether there is a conflict of interest?" See Stephen
Ellman, Client Centeredness Multiplied: Individual Autonomy and Collective
Mobilization in Public Interest Lawyers' Representation of Groups, 78 Va. L.
Rev. 1103, 1106-08 (1992).




n104.  See Gerald P. Lopez, Rebellious Lawyering: One Chicano's Vision of
Progressive Law Practice (1992). Rebellious lawyering is also called critical
lawyering and the new public interest law. See Gary Bellow, Steady Work: A
Practitioner's Reflections on Political Lawyering, 31 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev.
297 (1996); Ruth Buchanan & Louise Trubek, Resistances and Possibilities: A
Critical and Practical Look at Public Interest Lawyering, 19 N.Y.U. Rev. L & Soc
Change 687, 687 (1992); Martha Minow, Political Lawyering: An Introduction, 31
Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 287 (1996).




n105.  See Lopez, supra note 104.




n106.  See Gerald Lopez, Reconceiving Civil Rights Practice: Seven Weeks in the
Life of a Rebellious Collaboration, 71 Geo. L.J. 1603 (1982-83). "Regnant
lawyering" on the other hand, sees lawyers as having the chief power; this power
is particularly pronounced when the clients are from lower income brackets. Some
scholars, however, have faulted Lopez for missing the ways in which lawyers
facilitate client control and for underemphasizing the skills lawyers can offer
low-income clients, such as transactional work for small businesses and
community groups. See, e.g., Ann Southworth, Taking the Lawyer Out of
Progressive Lawyering, 46 Stan. L. Rev. 213, 225-26 (1993); Ann Southworth,
Business Planning for the Destitute? Lawyers as Facilitators in Civil Rights and
Poverty Practice, 1996 Wis. L. Rev. 1121, 1122-23.




n107.  See Richard D. Marsico, Working for Social Change and Preserving Client
Autonomy: Is There a Role for "Facilitative Lawyering?", 1 Clin. L. Rev. 639,
654 (1995).




n108.  See id.




n109.  See Susan Bryant, Collaboration in Law Practice: A Satisfying and
Productive Process for A Diverse Profession, 17 Vt. L. Rev. 459 (1993)
(describing and encouraging the use of collaboration in legal education).




n110.  See Cunningham, supra note 88.




n111.  My colleague Audrey McFarlane, describes lawyers asking for goods and
services with "voice assurance" (a command of the English language and an
expectation that they will get what they are asking for). Clients who have
navigated this system with their lawyer once are empowered to do it again on
their own. No doubt, lawyers who have navigated the regulatory business
bureaucracy with their clients have learned from their clients as well.




n112.  See Stacy Brustin, Expanding Our Vision of Legal Services
Representation-The Hermanas Unidas Project, 1 Am. U. J. Gender & L. (1993); see
also Ayuda, Inc. (brochure) (on file with the author) [hereinafter Ayuda
Brochure].




n113.  See Ayuda Brochure, supra note 112.




n114.  See Clark Cunningham, A Tale of Two Clients: Thinking About Law as
Language, 87 Mich. L. Rev. 2459, 2482 (1989).




n115.  This publication was a collaborative effort with Pamela M. Jones, Esq.,
Executive Director of New Columbia Community Land Trust and former
vice-president of the D.C. Coalition of NonProfit Housing Developers.




n116.  The creation of Help with Housing is also an illustration of the kind of
informational and educational material clinics can develop for community
residents and community based-organizations; and is one way for new clinical
programs to become known.

   Another initiative that impacts the role of lawyer as educator is the GW
Clinic's co-sponsorship of the Winter 1996 Seminar Series of the National Center
for NonProfit Law (NCNL). This initiative resulted from the GW Clinic's quest to
identify resources for nonprofit clients and to further the students'
understanding of aspects of nonprofit law, a legal specialty distinct from
business law. NCNL is a membership organization designed to "help nonprofit
organizations of all sizes understand and satisfy their legal requirements more
economically, while avoiding unnecessary problems." NCNL Brochure (on file with
author). In the seminars, NCNL faculty explain the applicable law, describe how
it affects organizations and provide sample documents, checklists and other
written guidance. The Winter 1996 Seminar Series included seminars on nonprofit
finances and accounting; nonprofit corporate tax general principles and board
issues; liability and insurance issues; contracting for services; fund raising
and the law; wage and hour issues affecting employees; Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA); and the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Workers
Compensation; Sexual Harassment and Employee Privacy Issues; and Hiring,
Counseling, Disciplining and Firing. Students were required to participate in at
least one of these seminars at no cost.

   These seminars are unique for several reasons. NCNL is the only national
provider of legal assistance to nonprofit organizations. Seminar participants
are executive directors, board and staff members, including development
directors and legal counsel who, during the half-day and day long seminars,
asked practical questions and offered insightful comments based on their daily
work. This provided a rich opportunity for students, most of whom have no
first-hand practical experience with nonprofit organizations and boards of
directors, to learn from seminar participants.

   Students chose seminars relevant to issues they were working on for the GW
Clinic's nonprofit clients. For example, the student who worked with SINGA
attended the seminar on Fund Raising and the Law in order to learn about issues
that could effect her client. This co-sponsorship arrangement increased our
practical knowledge base to facilitate effective client representation.




n117.  This project was a joint effort with Dr. Charles Toftoy of the GW School
of Business and Public Management and Director of the Center for the Advancement
of Small Business.




n118.  See Ennico, supra note 100.




n119.  See Harry J. Haynesworth, The Professional Skills of the Small Business
Lawyer (1985).




n120.  This program continues to operate on a referral only basis. The more
formal structure was abandoned for several reasons. Given the high number of
cases handled by the GW Clinic and the labor intensiveness of coordination of
the two professors involved, the continuation of the program in addition to
other case and faculty-related responsibilities would be unmanageable. This
program may be especially suited for a simulation model. In addition, the
interdisciplinary nature of the collaboration requires outside staffing and
institutional supports. The students reported some interesting issues of
"professional territory" which deserve further exploration. These included the
fact that the many of the graduate business students also worked full or
part-time and did not have the time to devote to the numerous meetings required.
Because the business students were enrolled in a traditional course for a final
grade they were much more concerned with the final product and the grade instead
of the process and the client. Law students receive a grade of high pass, low
pass or no credit. In addition, clinic students keep time sheets and are
required to perform legal work through out the semester.




n121.  Small business and CED clinics inspire and encourage students to continue
working with small businesses and nonprofits after law school. For example, a
former GW Clinic student started a small business support program at a large New
York law firm. Entrepreneurs applied for pro bono legal assistance from the firm
on a competitive basis. Another student created a small business pro bono
program to which the GW Clinic can refer overflow cases or cases that are too
complex for law students in a semester.




n122.  See Community First Inc. (brochure) (on file with the author).




n123.  See Rochelle E. Lento, Community Development Banking Strategy for
Revitalizing Our Communities, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Reform 773, 779 (1994) for a
detailed discussion of community development banks, community development credit
unions and community development loan funds.




n124.  The SBA's 504 loan program offers "long-term, fixed-asset financing
through certified development companies to further job creation or community
development" by contributing 40% of the financing (up to $ 2.5 million) while
the private lender contributes 50% and the small business contributes 10%. See
The White House Conference Issues Handbook, supra note 5, at 109.




n125.  See Ferguson, Action Plan, supra note 70. The GW Clinic's work with
Community First is also an example of "service learning" which involves
enhancing the law school class by having students volunteer in a carefully
selected nonprofit organization for 20-25 hours during the semester to bring the
work world into the classroom. See Mary Pat Treuhart, Service Learning Brings
Real World Into Class, The Law Tchr. (Gonz. U., Inst. for L. Sch. Teaching,
Spokane, Wash.), Spring 1996, at 12.




n126.  See Newman, supra note 47.




n127.  See Austin, supra note 17 (noting some of the non-economic benefits of
street vending - the most basic form of retail - such as maintaining black
culture, gaining business experience and serving as a performance space for
intellectual debates and spiritual communion).




n128.  The percentage of the workforce working at home full or part time has
increased nationally to 33% in 1993. In Washington, D.C., between 1980 and 1990
the number almost doubled to 9116. See Peter Pae, In Area Homes, Businesses Are
Booming: Thousands Seek a Balance Between Work and Family, Wash. Post, Oct. 24,
1993, at B1.




n129.  See The White House Conference Report, supra note 1, at 47.




n130.  See Donald Schon, Educating the Reflective Practitioner (1987).




n131.  See Karl S. Okamoto, Learning and Learning-to-Learn by Doing: Simulating
Corporate Practice in Law School, 45 J. Legal Educ. 498 (1995); see also
University of Oregon, Law & Entrepreneurship Center, Annual Report (1994-95)
(outlining the University of Oregon School of Law's program).




n132.  See Haydock, supra note 93. Reevaluation and reassessment of the business
curriculum in light of the global economy and changing trends are beyond the
scope of this article. See also Stephanie Francis Cahill, Start-ups Need
Lawyers, Too, Student Lawyer, Jan. 1997, at 3.


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                January 31, 2008
                              Business Day Edition

Regulator warns errant microlenders

BYLINE: Regis Nyamakanga

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 414  words


Regulator warns errant microlenders

Financial Services Editor

THE National Credit Regulator threatened yesterday to deregister and prosecute
nearly 20 microlenders for allegedly flouting the National Credit Act, which was
promulgated last year to help regulate SA's R850bn consumer credit industry.

Investigations and prosecutions manager Jan Augustyn said 19 microlenders had
received compliance notices by the close of business yesterday.

The lenders had kept borrowers' bank cards, pension cards, identity documents
and PIN codes, contrary to the act.

The credit providers had been given 15 days to comply or to lodge objections
with the Nat-ional Consumer Tribunal.

This is the first time the regulator had issued such notices to rein in errant
lenders. There are more than 4000 lenders registered with the regulator, of
which 2400 are microlenders.

SA's consumer credit industry is worth about R850bn, of which R30bn is in
microloans, said the regulator's research and statistics manager, Marlene
Heymans.

Microloans are short-term loans of under R10000, while consumer credit covers
all consumer loans, including personal loans and long-term loans such as home
and car loans.

Augustyn said the practice of retaining borrowers' bank cards, pension cards and
PIN codes was illegal. Credit providers who had done this were required to
return "all bank and pension cards which are in their possession to all
borrowers and to destroy all records of PINs and ATM access information in their
possession.

"Failure to comply with the notices will result in the matters being referred to
the National Consumer Tribunal and the National Prosecuting Authority, which may
institute legal action," he said.

The National Consumer Tribunal had the power to impose fines of R1m or 10% of
annual turnover on errant lenders.

Augustyn said a number of loan sharks were being investigated for operating
without licences.

If they were found to be in contravention of the act, they would be prosecuted.

The act requires that all credit providers be registered with the regulator.

The act was promulgated last year to dampen ballooning consumer debt.

Credit information management company TransUnion was recently issued with a
notice after it failed to comply with regulations relating to "data cleansing"
under the act.

Augustyn said TransUnion had since complied with the regulations.

The regulator warned some of the big lenders this month that they risked
prosecution after they had failed to submit quarterly returns.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 4, 2017 Saturday

Hainan RCU Loan

LENGTH: 554  words


Date SPI Disclosed - Feb 17, 2017
Projected Board Date - Apr 15, 2017
Country - China
Region - East Asia and the Pacific
Environmental Category- FI-2
Status - Pending Approval
Last Updated Date - Feb 17, 2017
Department - Global Industry, Financial Markets
Industry -Financial Institutions
Sector -O-AF - Commercial Banking - Rural Finance
Project Description-
Information about the project company:


Qiongzhong RCC, although still small and with a relatively weak capital
position, has cumulatively provided microloans to over 200,000 farmer households
(with an average ticket size of US$4,500) in the whole province since its
corporation in 2008. In 2014, Qiongzhong RCC (ticker: 430753) got listed in the
National Equity Exchange and Quotations ( NEEQ )  which is a share trading
platform for small and medium enterprises in China  thus co-supervised by China
Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ) thereafter.
Qiongzhong RCC is based in Qiongzhong County and operates in the whole province
with its featured microfinance business model. It has 17 branches and 300+ agent
outlets with banking terminals, covering 10 counties and 100 villages. Among the
19 affiliate FIs, it has the second largest number of employees  in total 695
employees, including 156 in Qiongzhong headquarter and 539 loan officers  to
manage the microloan portfolio of RMB 3 billion and over 110,000 farmer
households, representing roughly 10-20% of total rural population in the whole
province, in 206 counties and 2,568 villages by end of September, 2016. In
Qiongzhong County, Qiongzhong RCC has a dominant position in financial service,
with a market share of 40% in deposit, 63% in loans, 44% in number of outlets,
and has information access to 100% local farmer households.
Purpose of the project:
The proposed investment supporting the rural financial system in a frontier
province is strongly aligned with the FIG strategy in China and consistent with
the country priorities (which focuses on balanced rural-urban development).
China is the largest among the 25 Universal Financial Access ( UFA ) focus
countries with a high proportion of unbanked and underserved, particularly in
rural areas. In the context of balanced rural-urban development and UFA goals,
IFC is focusing on the development of the rural finance sector which is
considered one of the most challenging sectors to reform within the Chinese
financial industry; it remains underdeveloped with a low level of financial
intermediation and insufficient access to affordable finance for the majority of
the 600 million population and the MSMEs in rural.

The investment thesis, from a strategic perspective includes: (i) supporting an
underdeveloped frontier region  Hainan province, which is the most remote island
with GDP per capita below country average; (ii) supporting financial inclusion
by focusing on micro-borrowers, particularly women in rural areas. Qiongzhong
RCC, is dedicated to lending to farmer and small
Project completion date : 2018-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : QIONGZHONG LI AND MIAO AUTONOMOUS COUNTY RURAL CREDIT
COOPERATIVES UNION CO., LTD.

Country :China
Financier : WORLD BANK (WB),

Financier address : World Bank (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433


USA
Tel: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391
http://web.worldbank.org

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2017 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                       July 2, 2004 Friday, FINAL Edition

Changes possible in SBA loan programs;
Mainers worry that higher fees and consolidation could make it more difficult to
get critical financing.

BYLINE: EDWARD D. MURPHY Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Small Business: Financing; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 888 words


In a budget-cutting move, the Bush administration has proposed that the U.S.
Small Business Administration fund its largest loan guarantee entirely through
fees and to eliminate its "microloan" program for businesses that need to borrow
less than $35,000.

More than 400 Maine companies received loan guarantees or direct loan assistance
under the programs during the 2002-2003 fiscal year.

Seth Becker, a spokesman for the SBA, said the new approach would free the loan
programs from the need for annual funding from Congress.

"If we're not dependent on the annual congressional appropriations process, we
have this added stability," Becker said, adding that the microloans could easily
be incorporated into the reconstituted guarantee program and be more
cost-effective than a stand-alone program.

But others are worried that the higher fees and effort to consolidate the loan
programs could make it more difficult for small businesses to get critical
financing.

Julie Macomber, who started Down Home Cooking at the Portland Public Market with
Brenda Garland two years ago, said a pair of microloans were essential to their
ability to get the business going.

"Neither of us had collateral on our own, and the SBA was the way to go," she
said. Without the two loans, totaling about $37,000, "we would still be working
for someone else."

Macomber said she and Garland got their original loan in 2002 under a microloan
program geared toward helping women entrepreneurs. A second loan, last December,
allowed them to add equipment and working capital for an expansion with the
addition of Down Home Desserts and Delights.

Paul Leddy and Peter Houser got a larger loan - $157,500 - that they used to buy
a building in South Portland that holds their office and a shop where they work
on cabinets and do millwork for the houses they build and restore.

"It was huge for us to have this," Leddy said of the building. But higher fees
for the loan would have made it a stretch, he added.

"It certainly was not the best deal out there," he said, because the SBA fees
probably make up at least 5 percent of the monthly payment on the loan. "An
increase in those fees would have made it a lot less sweet of a deal, and it
would have made us look somewhere else."

As it was, the SBA guarantee helped them move quickly to buy the building, he
said. But he worries that other businesses may have to pass on similar deals if
the costs rise to make the loan program self-supporting.

"I'd be a little disheartened to hear that they're thinking of raising the
fees," he said.

It's not a done deal in Congress.

Last week, the House Appropriations Committee passed an SBA budget that
eliminated funding for the loan programs. A separate measure would be needed to
change the loan guarantee program to one supported by fees alone.

Both of Maine's representatives, Democrats Tom Allen and Mike Michaud, signed a
letter urging the Appropriations Committee to allocate $79.1 million for the
programs, which they said would allow the SBA to guarantee more than $12 billion
in loans in the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1.

Peter Chandler, Michaud's chief of staff, said 150 members of the House signed
the letter, including 65 Republicans. But he noted that when a bill comes before
the full House, party leaders can lean on members to get them to line up behind
their measure and can establish rules that prevent amendments from being
introduced.

Chandler said Michaud supports continuing the loan program on reduced fees as it
has been for nearly three years.

"It's critical. The backbone of Maine's economy is, in fact, small businesses
and the SBA is a wonderful example of a government program that works," Chandler
said. "To completely zero out a program like this is particularly problematic at
a time when we're trying to turn around the economy."

Sen. Olympia Snowe, a Maine Republican who chairs the Senate's Committee on
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, has opposed a move to change the loan
program back to an entirely fees-supported project. She sponsored a bill last
year to keep fees at their current level and it passed the Senate but has not
been taken up by the House.

Snowe said the loan programs have helped create or retain more than 1.3 million
jobs over the last four years and said she is committed to blocking a fee
increase.

Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, the former head of the SBA for New England, said
she supports the agency. However, she would only say that she would "consider
carefully" any legislation on the SBA, without specifically addressing the loan
program proposals.

The loans are attractive for startup companies that might be poised to take
advantage of a rebounding economy, said Mark O'Brien, the acting district
director for the SBA.

"It's ideally geared toward small businesses and startups, maybe to get a piece
of equipment they need to get them going," he said, adding that the microloans
help businesses gain access to loans that might otherwise prove hard to get.

"It's good because the loans that are $35,000 and under, $25,000 and under or
$10,000 to $15,000, it's hard to get a commercial lender interested in that kind
of loan," he said.

Staff Writer Edward D. Murphy can be contacted at 791-6465 or at:
emurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photos by John Ewing
Brenda Garland makes a lunch delivery to a nearby office building.
Brenda Garland is co-owner of Down Home Cooking and Down Home Desserts and
Delights in the Portland Public Market. Garland and her partner, Julie Macomber,
have utilized two Small Business Administration loans to develop and expand
their food service businesses.

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

THE WEEK AHEAD MARCH 27 - APRIL 2

BYLINE: By NEIL GENZLINGER

SECTION: Section AR; Column 0; Arts and Leisure Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 263 words


Film

Neil Genzlinger

If you're making a chess movie, ''The Good, the Bad and the Ugly'' might not be
high on your list of films to study for inspiration. But it was right up there
for Caroline Bottaro as she directed ''QUEEN TO PLAY,'' a French film that opens
on Friday in New York and Los Angeles. Especially that climactic scene -- the
one with all the staring.

That's because Ms. Bottaro knew her biggest challenge in telling the story of a
housemaid (Sandrine Bonnaire) on Corsica who discovers she has a knack for chess
would be to make the chess matches interesting. ''I'm not a chess player,'' Ms.
Bottaro said. ''As I went to tournaments, I thought, 'Oh my God, that's not very
attractive to see -- so long and so boring and you don't understand what's going
on.' ''

Thus those moments, with a lot of eye contact across the chess board, became
about something other than the game. ''For me it was the silence and what's
going on between the two characters,'' Ms. Bottaro said. The person across from
Ms. Bonnaire is usually Kevin Kline, as a reclusive American. Lincoln Plaza
Cinema, (212) 757-2280, and Angelika Film Center, (212) 995-2570.

Grameen Bank has been making less-than-feel-good headlines lately, but the man
who founded it, Muhammad Yunus, is still spreading the gospel of microloans,
which won him a Nobel Prize. On Thursday, as part of a push to establish the
microloan concept in the United States, ''TO CATCH A DOLLAR,'' a documentary
about Mr. Yunus and Grameen's new branch in Queens, is showing at select
theaters nationwide. Locations: tocatchadollar.com.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

Farmers' marketing takes center stage

BYLINE: Robert Gold, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words


Nov. 09--WELLFLEET -- The Community Development Partnership is holding a forum
next week to help Lower Cape farmers grow their business and not just their
crops.

The free event will be held Nov. 21 from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. at Preservation
Hall in Wellfleet.

Jay Coburn, executive director of the CDP, said the forum will let farmers
brainstorm business and marketing ideas and share methods for growing their
businesses. He pointed to an increasing number of farmers markets in the area as
one example of the growth of small farms in the area.

"Ten years ago, the only farmers market on the Lower Cape was Orleans," he said.
"Now, you have a market in every single town except Eastham.

The event will include discussing the agency's business support programs such as
marketing advice and microloans.

With an increasing number of people looking for locally grown organic food,
there is a growing demand for small farms.

"People want to know where their food is from," he said.

There also will be discussions about crops and growing seasons, he said.

Lucas Dinwiddie, the owner Halcyon Farm in Brewster, said he's utilized the CDC
for a microloan and business advice and expects to attend the forum.

"I think it's going to be a great resource to see what other people are doing,"
he said.

The CDC is asking attendees to pre-register for next week's event.

More information is available at www.capecdp.org or by contacting Andrea Aldana
at 508-240-7873, ext. 22, or andrea@capecdp.org

___ (c)2013 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131109-CA-Farmers-marketing-takes-center-stage-1109-20131109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2013 Cape Code Times


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          WA Business News (Australia)

                                  May 21, 2009

Surge in microfinance business

BYLINE: Adam Orlando

LENGTH: 645  words


A MICROFINANCE program that provides a safe line of affordable credit to low
income earners in Western Australia is creeping closer to a $500,000 milestone.
The National Australia Bank StepUp loans program has distributed almost 150
microfinance loans worth between $800 and $3,000 since the program was launched
in WA in 2006. The StepUp program is similar to several microfinance initiatives
offered in WA, particularly that of not-for-profit organisation Opportunity
International, which has an office in Perth. The small loan program was NAB's
first microfinance product and is a community initiative developed in
partnership with not-for-profit organisation Good Shepherd Youth & Family
Service. Established 140 years ago, Good Shepherd Youth & Family Service is a
community services agency which helps disadvantaged people battle poverty,
providing a range of services to give those in need a hand up, not a handout.

The partnership has been welcomed by Opportunity International Australia, which
operates under a similar business model to Good Shepherd, providing people
living in poverty with a small loan to help them start or grow their own small
business. Opportunity International WA fundraiser manager Dushan Jeyabalan said
the organisation was taking a leading role in the provision of enterprise
development programs, which were non-financial services that played a vital role
in helping clients on their journey out of poverty. "Essentially these
microloans are given to people who don't have any assets or collateral to get
credit from a mainstream lender," Mr Jeyabalan told WA Business News. "With
Opportunity International, their word is their asset." Opportunity International
provides risk capital where funding is provided by donors who want the
organisation to fund innovative and creative ways to serve the poorest, most
disadvantaged areas and clients. The microloans have a market rate of interest
and can be tailor-made to local conditions and requirements. "Our strategy is to
bundle financial services with other enterprise development activities to
provide support to poor entrepreneurs and their businesses," Mr Jeyabalan said.
Opportunity International has been backed by RAMS Home Loans founder John
Kinghorn, who last year joined the charity on a project to give 5 million people
in India access to loans to start small businesses. Through its not-for-profit
partnership, the NAB offers a range of microfinance and interest-free products,
distributing $30 million to financially marginalised people since April 2006.
Federal Minister for Superannuation and Corporate Law, Nick Sherry, recently
announced the expansion of NAB's microfinance program into Tasmania. At the same
time, NAB announced a reduction in the StepUp loan interest rate from 7.24 per
cent to 3.99 per cent. WA StepUp coordinator Adrian Gavranich said the
low-interest loans provided an opportunity for people experiencing financial
exclusion to re-enter the mainstream credit market and purchase "life's
essential items". "The reduction in the StepUp interest rate signals NAB's
commitment to further help low-income earners in these tough economic times," he
said. The NAB StepUp loans program is delivered through the WA Low Interest
Loans Network located in Perth, Kalgoorlie and Geraldton. NAB head of community
finance and development, Richard Peters, said the bank's micro-credit workers
had been involved in more than 6,000 "financial conversations" about budgeting
and how to access appropriate financial products and services since the program
was launched. "The impact of the StepUp program cannot be underestimated," Mr
Peters said. "StepUp meets a very real community need and its expansion across
five states in five years has provided thousands of low-income Australians with
positive banking experiences as well as access to fair and affordable credit."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 WA Business News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                           September 22, 2006 Friday

Cycling coast to coast for charity

BYLINE: Chris Briddon

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Three friends - Phil Elks, James Doble and Jason Bliss, all aged 23 - have just
completed an epic journey across North America by bicycle on behalf of local
Chiswick charity the MicroLoan Foundation, which gives small loans to people in
the developing world to help them become more self-sufficient.

The three rode 3,959 miles from Oregon, on the Pacific coast, to the Atlantic
Ocean in Massachusetts.

On their journey, they went through the Rocky Mountains in Montana, across the
Great Plains of Wyoming and South Dakota, and around the Great Lakes.

The cycling adventure took 59 days, an average of over 75 miles a day.

The friends carried everything from tents to food supplies on the backs of their
bikes.

James was a keen cyclist in his youth,  and came up with the plan of riding
across America during his gap year after university.

Jason lived next door to James in Gloucestershire, and having cycled together
during their school days, James and Jason were keen to undertake this challenge
together.

Phil Elks was a novice cyclist, and very wobbly a mere two months before setting
off. But slightly disillusioned with the world of work after graduating with
James from Oxford University, he took very little persuading.

After a couple of months of training he was confidently riding in a straight
line most of the time, and ready to take on America.

The cyclists chose the MicroLoan Foundation because the charity is local to
Phil, all the team think microfinance is a particularly effective approach to
sustainable development.

James remembers the exhaustion of spending three days riding in the Rocky
Mountains.

He said he was waking up at night with cramp in his legs and too tired to roll
over, before setting off again at 6.30 the next morning to climb 4,000 feet over
the next pass. But every long climb was followed by an exhilarating free-wheel
downhill, and all the boys agree that their effort was really worthwhile.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday

Cycling coast to coast for charity

BYLINE: Chris Briddon

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Three friends - Phil Elks, James Doble and Jason Bliss, all aged 23 - have just
completed an epic journey across North America by bicycle on behalf of local
Chiswick charity the MicroLoan Foundation, which gives small loans to people in
the developing world to help them become more self-sufficient.

The three rode 3,959 miles from Oregon, on the Pacific coast, to the Atlantic
Ocean in Massachusetts.

On their journey, they went through the Rocky Mountains in Montana, across the
Great Plains of Wyoming and South Dakota, and around the Great Lakes.

The cycling adventure took 59 days, an average of over 75 miles a day.

The friends carried everything from tents to food supplies on the backs of their
bikes.

James was a keen cyclist in his youth,  and came up with the plan of riding
across America during his gap year after university.

Jason lived next door to James in Gloucestershire, and having cycled together
during their school days, James and Jason were keen to undertake this challenge
together.

Phil Elks was a novice cyclist, and very wobbly a mere two months before setting
off. But slightly disillusioned with the world of work after graduating with
James from Oxford University, he took very little persuading.

After a couple of months of training he was confidently riding in a straight
line most of the time, and ready to take on America.

The cyclists chose the MicroLoan Foundation because the charity is local to
Phil, all the team think microfinance is a particularly effective approach to
sustainable development.

James remembers the exhaustion of spending three days riding in the Rocky
Mountains.

He said he was waking up at night with cramp in his legs and too tired to roll
over, before setting off again at 6.30 the next morning to climb 4,000 feet over
the next pass. But every long climb was followed by an exhilarating free-wheel
downhill, and all the boys agree that their effort was really worthwhile.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 20, 1998 Sunday

LENGTH: 190 words


TeleCare Network earns excellence award The TeleCare Network, an innovative
telemedicine service offered by St. Alexius Medical Center in cooperation with
other healthcare providers throughout North and South Dakota, has been selected
to receive the 1998 Award of Excellence from the North Dakota Healthcare
Association. Each year the NDHA recognizes a North Dakota hospital that has
identified the health needs of its community and has made a positive impact in
advancing its community's health status through a collaborative project. The
network began in late 1995 with a two-site demonstration project at Garrison
Memorial Hospital and Community Memorial Hospital in Turtle Lake. Since then,
the network has expanded to more than 20 additional sites. Publication Name:
Bismarck Tribune Story Body: Kirkwood named "business-friendly' Kirkwood Bank &
Trust Co. was ranked the top ""business-friendly'' bank in the state in the
September issue of Entrepreneur magazine, based on its percentage of business
loans under $100,000, or microloans. The bank's 404 microloans, valued at $21.94
million, made up 47.1 percent of the bank's loans in 1997.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday

Bringing back the colours to lives

LENGTH: 904 words

DATELINE: BANGALORE


BANGALORE, Jan. 14 -- Shanti, an ambitious woman, who was making a living out of
fishery, especially selling Tiger Prawns, at her hometown in Nalkora, West
Bengal, got a new lease of life when she invested a loan amount of '5,000 for
purchasing a large number of eggs (larvae) of Bagda Chingris, which were reared
in her backyard pond. Today, she is able to meet her monthly expenses and is
saving '100 per month.

And she is not the only one who has been benefitted by the microloan provided by
a fairly new organisation set up by an Oxford returned husband and wife duo who
are passionate about bringing about sustainable change in India. Ramakrishna NK
and Smita Ram's non-profit organisation, Rang De, is funded by the World Bank
through Development Marketplace and is based out of Bangalore. Their concept
allows individuals to lend money to low income households in India that require
a small amount of money (microloans) to start or grow their businesses.

And they have used the internet for this purpose. "Our desire to start up in the
social space was accentuated during a brief stint in the United Kingdom. Our
relocation to UK only brought us closer to the challenges that India faced, and
we were often left wondering as to 'what would it take to make India a developed
nation?' In 2006, when Prof Yunus won the Nobel Prize, we were introduced to the
concept of microcredit. At the same time, we stumbled upon an article published
in 2004 that brought out the plight of borrowers of microcredit in Andhra
Pradesh, who committed suicides because of their inability to repay the loans.
This was the turning point for us," says Smita.

They decided that if indeed microcredit is a powerful poverty alleviation tool,
the cost of borrowing had to be low and affordable to the poor. Rang De was thus
born as a platform that leverages the internet and technology to provide low
cost capital to under-served communities across India. Rang De went live on
January 28, 2008 and has so far raised more than '20 crore as social investments
and provided over 27,000 low cost loans across 15 states in India.

"Microcredit is a powerful tool that can help people come out of poverty.
However, let's not forget that it cannot be the panacea. A lot depends on how a
microcredit program is implemented. It is not just about giving money, but about
understanding the community that is availing the loans and customising the
program to suit the needs of the community," says Smita.

The founders believe that there is a great need for data collection and using
this data to understand how things have changed. According to Smita, this data
will also help in making any mid course corrections that are required in order
to make the interventions more holistic and meaningful.

"At Rang De, our attempt has been to put the communities first. Therefore, we
work with a network of field partners who are community based organisations and
have access to under-served communities. Our field partners work on several
development programs with the communities and microcredit and access to credit
fits beautifully into their program. We have seen amazing results from this kind
of a model," she says.

Smita insists that their other focus area is also to bring in transparency into
the system. "We have been very transparent right from the beginning and disclose
all the information with regard to interest rates, repayments, details of the
borrowers as well as information about delays and defaults," she says.

Their website, rangde.org allows visitors to create a campaign by inviting
family and friends to invest directly into rural entrepreneurs and students in
need. Their groups let people engage with their friends, family and other social
investors on the website and allow to lend to rural entrepreneurs as a team.

"As a group member, you can communicate with other members and see the
activities of group members in the group activity feed. One should not forget
who these loans are meant for and the original intent and mission behind
providing credit. Microcredit addresses the credit needs of people at the bottom
of the pyramid, where the markets have probably failed. It is important to be
aware of the local nuances to start and implement microcredit programs with
communities. There is no 'one size fits all' solution in microcredit," she says.

According to her, the way forward really is to have local approaches that work
for the community and this could come by going deep and not necessarily wide.
"Rang De works with a few field partners across states. And our intent is to
work closely and scale deep with the communities that we work with. We believe
that we need to be sustainable and scale meaningfully. We get a nominal cut of 1
per cent on all the loans repaid by our borrowers. We believe this will help us
in achieving our goals and fulfilling our vision in the long run," says Smita.

How it Works

? Choose borrowers to fund small businesses or education. Your Social Investment
can be as little as Rs 100.

? Rang De's Field Partners receive and disburse the loans to our borrowers.

? Our borrowers repay the loan according to a repayment schedule.

? As and when they repay, you receive your investment with a nominal return on
it.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday

Study finds mixed results for microfinancing

BYLINE: Mercedes White Deseret News

LENGTH: 1280 words


For years microfinance, the practice of making small loans to the poor, has been
lauded as a promising solution for eradicating poverty in the developing world.
The idea is that a small loan could enable some poor people to invest in
business opportunities that could improve their income. For example, a poor
woman might be given a loan to buy goats to produce milk or a sewing machine to
make clothing. The hope is that microloans have the potential to generate enough
income for the recipients that they can both improve their lives and repay the
loans with interest. Enthusiasm for microfinance reached its peak in 2006 when
Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Peace Prize.

Yunus helped develop the concept as an academic and then began to apply in
Bangladesh through the now famous Grameen Bank. Since then, a growing stream of
criticism has fed a furious debate about the effectiveness and side effects of
offering credit to the extremely poor. A recent study by a group of economists
from MIT and Northwestern on microfinance in Hyderabad, India, provides new
evidence that access to credit does not increase income. However, the same study
suggests that microloans may be improving lives in other ways, such as giving
people in poverty the opportunity to make better long-term financial decisions.
Controlled study Despite the fierce debate, until recently rigorous data on
microfinance has been surprisingly sparse, said Cynthia Kinnan, assistant
professor of economics at Northwestern University in Chicago. Part of the
problem is that little data has been gathered on people who qualify for
microloans but don't actually participate. Without such a comparison group, it
is difficult to draw meaningful conclusions about the causal effects of
microfinance, Kinnan said. Kinnan, along with her colleagues at MIT, Abhijit
Bannerjee, Esther Duflo and Rachel Glennerster, are determined to find a more
precise way of evaluating microfinance. Their proposal is to use randomized
controlled trial techniques (the same approach used by the medical industry to
test the effectiveness of medications) to identify how microcredit programs are
actually working. This would allow them to compare borrowers to non-borrowers in
a more precise way. These researchers conducted a three-year study in Hyderabad.
The team selected neighborhoods to observe based on two criteria, absence of
financial institutions and residents who were desirable potential borrowers ?
"poor, but not the poorest of the poor," Kinnan said. Loans were offered through
an organization called Spandana, which unlike other microfinance providers, does
not require borrowers to start a business to qualify for a loan. Spandana
charges a 24-percent annual interest rate, which while high by American
standards, is less than what local moneylenders charge. The findings, published
in an April 2013 report, show that "at the highest level and in the broadest
terms both claims (about microcredit) are true," said Kinnan. While it hasn't
cured poverty just yet, that doesn't mean it is an entirely useless program.
Affect on income One of the first things that jumps out in the summary of
findings from the Hyderabad study is that the demand for microloans wasn't
robust. "By the end of our three-year study, only 38 percent of households
borrowed," Kinnan said, "and this is among households selected based on their
relatively high propensity to take up microcredit. These are neighborhoods that
are booming, so if there is any place people have investments that would yield a
24-percent (return on investment), it would be Hyderabad," she added. If
microcredit helps people get out of poverty, as proponents argue, why didn't
more people use it? Kinnan suspects part of the reason is that most households
don't have a project that will yield a rate of return to make borrowing worth
their while. "If they borrow 10,000 rupees at the beginning of the year, they
need to have 12,400 rupees at the end of the year," Kinnan said. This is
difficult for anyone in their first year of business "but particularly so in
competitive markets where the profit margins are slim," Kinnan said. Among those
who borrowed money, businesses were started and expanded, but in most cases this
industry did not free borrowers from lives of grinding poverty. Monthly
consumption, the best indicator of overall welfare according to Kinnan, did not
change. Business profit in the vast majority of cases did not increase either.
Kinnan and her colleagues found no evidence in the short or long run that access
to microcredit has a positive impact on education outcomes, health or women's
empowerment in the short run or long run. Overall, it doesn't "paint a picture
of dramatic changes in basic development outcomes for poor families," said
Kinnan. Improved spending At first glance these findings make microcredit
programs seem like a complete failure, but Kinnan and her colleagues are quick
to point out some important benefits. Although microcredit doesn't increase
overall consumption, it does appear to impact the kinds of things people buy.
With a lump sum of money families can invest in durable goods like a tin roof, a
television or a sturdy cooking pot. These goods provide long-term benefits that
result in higher overall welfare when compared to the purely temporary purchases
that the poor might be forced to make without access to credit. Kinnan and her
team found that borrowers were much less likely to spend their money on
temptation goods such as dining out, gambling, cigarettes and alcohol. When
asked why they weren't spending as much on these things, borrowers said that
regular meetings where everyone in the area repaid their loans made it easier to
resist the lure of luxuries. No one wanted to be the family that shows up for
the meeting without their payment. A change in what people buy may have a
significant impact on their well being. "Different types of spending have
different utility," Kinnan said. For example, if someone buys a tin roof that
lasts 50 years they can avoid continuously spending money to fix a thatched
roof. Even if the roof doesn't provide additional income it can be a wise
investment that allows the family to increase spending on unrelated goods.
Avoiding temptation purchases in favor of saving money may also have a positive
psychological impact on people. In essence overall consumption might not change,
but that doesn't mean they aren't doing better. For Esther Duflo, one of
Kinnan's co-authors on the study, the real problem with microcredit is that
expectations about how quickly and completely microcredit would lift people out
of poverty are unreasonable. In an interview with Philanthropy Action, Duflo put
it this way: "If microfinance suddenly doesn't make all babies do calculus by
the age of 5, it is deemed a failure." If we expect microfinance to instantly
change people's lives, anything less will seem inadequate, she added. Duflo
warned that people should not to be too quick about passing judgement on the
efficacy of microloans because we aren't satisfied with the rate of change. "The
fact (is) that results are showing (microcredit) is doing some reasonably good
things." Eradicating poverty is complex and tedious, Duflo said, mostly because
we don't really know what works. "We don't really have the levelers to make
everything work. ... I think a few things worked, (but) it takes time," she
said. Study co-author Abhijit Banerjee agrees that a realistic time frame for
addressing this problem is crucial. "Poverty has been with us for thousands of
years. If we have to wait another 50 to 100 to eradicate it, so be it," he said.
email: mwhite@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                        July 21, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Travelers, Accion and the Women's Business Development Center Launch Small
Business Risk Education Program

LENGTH: 319  words


New Delhi, July 21 -- The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE: TRV), one of the
nation's largest insurers of small businesses, today launched its Small Business
Risk Education (SBRE) program in Chicago to help women and minority small
business owners learn about risk management, develop safety risk management
plans, and qualify for microloans. According to the Small Business
Administration, 47 percent of all jobs in Chicago are created by small
companies.



Through partnerships with the Women's Business Development Center (WBDC), one of
the nation's largest women's business centers focused on creating jobs and
fueling economic growth through business ownership, and Accion, a global
nonprofit organization that supports microfinance institutions to provide
financial services to low-income clients, Travelers is offering:

* Increased awareness of the most common safety risks faced by small business
owners; and

* Training and education focused on risk management and business continuity
planning.

Participants in the program will receive one-on-one assistance from Travelers
and WBDC business experts to complete a risk management plan. In addition,
participating businesses may be eligible to apply for microloans through Accion
to support capital investments related to risk management, sustainability and
growth.

SBRE is part of Travelers' broader commitment to small business advocacy and
economic opportunity. In 2012, Travelers piloted the SBRE program in Los Angeles
in partnership with the Valley Economic Development Center, California's largest
microfinancing organization. Earlier this week, the Travelers Institute, the
public policy division of Travelers, took its "Small Business - Big Opportunity"
tour to Boston to discuss small business challenges and highlight solutions with
leading economic and small business thought leaders.

Travelers plans to expand the SBRE program to additional markets in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Capitalist Crusaders

BYLINE: By JEFFRIES BLACKERBY

SECTION: Section M2; Column 0; T: Holiday Magazine; TALK: GIVING; Pg. 114

LENGTH: 314 words


Eleven years ago, Donna and Philip Berber had a Texas-size life -- a booming
tech company in Austin (Cybercorp), three sons and, ''you know, flowers in my
garden,'' says Donna, who started A Glimmer of Hope, a foundation to help the
rural poor in Ethiopia. Then, after seeing a video of his wife handing out bread
to the hungry in Addis Ababa, Philip made a trip there himself and decided to
''turn my back on my commercial career.'' With $60 million from the recent sale
of Cybercorp to Charles Schwab (for $488 million), he joined the foundation full
time, and the couple (he's Irish, she's English) became pioneers of
philanthro-capitalism. The Berbers' endowment covers all of Glimmer's operating
costs, which has allowed the foundation to spend $40 million and counting to
help alleviate poverty in Ethiopia. ''One hundred percent of the money, not 50
or 80 percent, needed to get to the people,'' says Philip, comparing Glimmer's
business model with that of other charities. ''We had to start with a clean
piece of paper.''

Their first project was a school in the town of Dembi Dolo, and since then,
they've built 3,500 water and sanitation facilities, 190 health clinics and 53
vet clinics; completed 400 education projects; and, through the Clinton Global
Initiative, given $2.4 million in microloans. We don't leave a village until all
those structures are up and running,'' says Donna, adding that there's more to
measuring success than money. '' There is the human part of it as well: engaged
philanthropy. What does it mean to give in a way that doesn't make the giver
feel hollow? We had to overcome the skepticism that constantly shrouds the
giving world and show that there is another way, that there is emotional
philanthropy alongside structured philanthropy.'' Says Philip, ''For us, it was
important to be engaged, and it was important for our children to be engaged.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Field agents: From top: Donna and Philip Berber with residents
of the Ambaras community in the Simien Mountains of Ethiopia
Donna with schoolchildren in the village of Robit
the Berbers athome in Austin, Tex., this year.
What They Gave This Year: With $1 million raised at A Glimmer of Hope's first
public fund-raiser, the foundation provided nearly 13,000 people in the
Ethiopian villages of Burbax and Girargie with 30 wells, a rainwater harvesting
system, six schools and two health clinics. It is also financing microloans for
365 people.
What They'll Give Next Year: For the village of Robit, population 11,000,
Glimmer will build a health center for $170,500, three schools for $550,000 and
a library for $50,000
it will also finance $226,000 in water projects and $90,000 in microloans.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY ESTHER HAVENS
A GLIMMER OF HOPE
 SUSANNA HOWE. FASHION EDITOR: ETHEL PARK. FASHION ASSISTANT: ADAM BALLHEIM.
HAIR BY SHIN ARIMA. MAKEUP BY CARLA PALMER. ON PHILIP: TOM FORD JACKET (SOLD AS
SUIT), $3,450, AND SHIRT, $520. A.P.C. JEANS, $165. HERMES POCKET SQUARE, $130.
ON DONNA: OSCAR DE LA RENTA DRESS, $1,890. MANOLO BLAHNIK SHOES, $785. POMELLATO
EARRINGS, $6,000)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Husband and wife nurse team to visit Africa

BYLINE: By DOMENIC POLI / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 952 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The only thing Daniel Herlocker has in common with Africa, so
far, is his wife. And he can't wait to see the majestic continent that has
stolen her away four times already.

Lauren Rose Herlocker has traveled to Africa on three different occasions, both
with umbrella organizations and by herself, and she and her husband have planned
a trip through three countries before winding up in Gisenyi, Rwanda, where they
will help build a new house for a family Lauren has gotten to know. So the trip
will be part-tourist, part-humanitarian in nature and Daniel will get to
experience the culture Lauren, 32, has fallen in love with.

The couple, both nurses by profession, will embark on an overland trip through
Ethiopia, Kenya and Uganda after departing from John F. Kennedy International
Airport on Friday, Jan. 10, and Lauren expects they will land in Rwanda around
mid-March.

"I'm so excited for (Daniel) to see this area that I keep going back to, that I
have a connection to. And for us to go on this extraordinary adventure is just
the first part of it," she said, adding that the region's picturesque landscapes
can captivate anyone.

Daniel, 39, said he is excited to experience the real Africa -- and not just
what is perpetuated through the media.

"I'm very much looking forward to the trip. It will be a nice opportunity to
work in and see Africa," he said via phone while on break from a nursing round
at Grace Cottage Hospital in Townshend. "For me, Africa has always been what you
see in National Geographic and things like that."

Upon arriving in Rwanda, the couple will dedicate the rest of their trip to help
build a new home for a disadvantaged family Lauren met through her interpreter
Felix Rudasingwa, who works for a microloan organization called Rwanda
Sustainable Families. The family's matriarch, Solome, is a microloan recipient
and a rabbit farmer.

"They had a house and it was washed away by a landslide. So the government gave
them a piece of land, which they own, which is where the corrugated metal
structure is. That's all they can afford to build," Lauren said. "They have
built a foundation for a house, because what they use for foundation in that
part of the country is volcanic rock ... but they don't have money for materials
for the rest of the house."

Lauren, a per diem nurse at Brattleboro Memorial Hospital, said the family have
been living in the metal structure for nearly three years. She also said both
Solome and her husband are HIV-positive and the husband suffers from
post-traumatic stress disorder after having lost an eye due to a shrapnel wound
during the Rwandan Genocide.

The African nation has been through a nightmarish ordeal since the airplane of
Rwandan President Juvénal Habyarimana was shot down in April 1994, resulting in
the mass slaughter of an estimated 800,000 people. It was culmination of pent-up
aggression and hatred between two of the country's ethnic groups, as the
majority Hutus, who had been in power since the late 1950s, tried to wipe out
the minority Tutsis.

Solome's family, consisting of four children, is still reeling from the effects
of the genocide and is unable to raise enough money to build a new home. That's
why the Herlockers have taken it upon themselves to generates funds. Lauren
estimates it will take $3,000 for the labor and materials for a new home and a
Facebook page she set up last year -- "Inshuti of Rwanda" -- now has a way for
people to donate money. She said "Inshuti" means "Friends."

"The last couple of months have been tough -- it's been rainy there, and their
roof was leaking so they all have to scrunch to one side of this tiny
structure," Lauren said. "So they've been really anxious for us to arrive, as
you can imagine."

Daniel said he is optimistic he and his wife can raise the money, as Solome's
family needs every dime of it.

This will be Lauren's fourth time to Africa, and third time to Rwanda. Two years
ago, she went after a friend who works at the University of Florida secured a
large grant to build water filtration systems in a village of the Twa people,
Rwanda's poorest ethnic group. Lauren ventured to Africa to ensure the water
filters would be used properly. She also taught some health education classes.

"Being an emergency room nurse ... I'm in Western medicine and I'm doing crazy
amounts of procedures with intense medications and it's very fast-paced. And
this is very slow and extraordinarily basic, but very effective," she said,
adding that many Rwandans suffer from injuries worsened by poor hygiene and
nutrition. Lauren said she brought visual aids on a previous trip and it makes
students of health education more engaged.

The Herlockers, who honeymooned in Thailand, are a well-traveled couple, having
been to France, Belgium and Colorado since Lauren returned from Rwanda last
year. Lauren told the Reformer she has a long-time fascination with Africa and
hopes to share that with her husband.

"I think that people who enjoy traveling kind of have an area or region of the
world that attracts them for whatever reason. Well before I ever went to Africa,
I was always intrigued, read a lot of books. It's just such a vast, untapped
continent," she said. "It's the one that people tend to shy away from or get a
little nervous to travel to or know the least about and I just enjoy reading
about their culture and history and their climate and their way of life -- the
simplicity of it all. It's my favorite time of the year, when I can chuck my
cell phone off to the side for however long I'm going to be there -- no e-mails,
no phones and just be."

Domenic Poli can be reached atdpoli@reformer.com , or 802-254-2311, ext. 277.
You can follow him on Twitter @dpoli_reformer.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Submitted Photo Lauren Rose with Solome, her husband, and two daughters
(Nikoze Joyce and Ingabire Jeanette). This is the structure they have been
living in for almost three years now. It is built with corrugated metal and
tarps overtop.
Submitted Photo Damarsi and her family in front of their home (in the Twa
village).
Submitted Photo Saidat working on her pottery. The Twa are also know for their
skills as potters, but do not have a market for it.
Submitted Photo Lauren Rose with children Nikoze Joyce and Ingabire Jeanette on
the bed all four children sleep on. They have no mosquito net to protect them
agains Malaria.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

JARI touts successes of 2013

BYLINE: Justin Dennis, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


June 06--CRESSON -- Things are well in the black at Johnstown Area Regional
Industries, according to its 2013 annual progress report.

A luncheon for stakeholders and the general public was held at Mount Aloysius
College on Thursday afternoon in the campus's new convocation center.

Nearly 200 attended. State Department of Community and Economic Development
Secretary Alan Walker gave remarks.

It was a chance for Linda Thomson, JARI president, to crow about the advances
made last year toward strengthening the health of local commerce and cultivating
opportunity -- and they were across the board.

Her written address, preceding JARI's report, sums it up:

"All statistics that we track on an annual basis were better in 2013 than the
year before," she wrote.

JARI touted positive gains in job creation and retention and funding
procurement, as well as a drop in the number of laid-off workers, through its
efforts.

More than 250 new jobs were created throughout the region last year, according
to the report. JARI also helped retain more than 2,400 small business jobs in
2013, through either funding procurement assistance -- like the $5.5 million
reported from financing and tax credit help -- or the region's only microloan
program.

Loans of up to $50,000 can be awarded to small businesses through the microloan
program and JARI's available amount more than doubled in 2013, to $725,000.

"We also talked about workforce initiatives," Thomson told The Tribune-Democrat.
"We trained 629 people in 2013 for various types of job opportunities, whether
they were incumbent workers hoping to advance in their organization or people
who were dislocated (laid off) and maybe needed help to retrain."

Nearly $200 million in government contracts were reported to the JARI
Procurement and Technical Assistance Center. To top it all off, more than $150
million in government contracts were awarded just at this year's Showcase for
Commerce alone.

"The biggest story of the year was the (Route) 219 story," Thomson said.

Crews broke ground on the 11-mile expansion in late summer. It's expected to
wrap in five years. The report cites a boon for the long-awaited higway work
from the organization's involvement with the North/South Highway Coalition Core
Work Group, which is part of a tri-state committee that fosters economic
development efforts in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Maryland.

"Thousands of jobs will be realized as a result of this new transportation
corridor, both during construction and into the future," Thomson wrote in the
report.

Thomson said the spirit of Walker's speech intimated that the best of this city
is yet to come.

"As the future unfolds, in 20 years, I want the nickname for Johnstown changed
from the 'Flood City' to the 'Recovery City,' " he said.

Justin Dennis is a multimedia reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. Follow him on
Twitter at @JustinDennis.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140606-JO-JARI-touts-successes-of-2013-0606-20140606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Democrat


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 4, 2013 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

ON BUSINESS

BYLINE: NEAL ST. ANTHONY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 912 words



HIGHLIGHT: Microloans bring big payoffs // Fahmida Zaman got to go to college
after the father of microlending, Muhammad Yunus, helped her family's business
in Bangladesh.


Fahmida Zaman of Bangladesh, a foreign-exchange student this year at St.
Catherine University in St. Paul, credits her enterprising mom and a $100 loan
from Grameen Bank in 2000 as the seed of her opportunity to achieve a college
education.

It was the first of several "microloans" that allowed her mother to diversify
the family's tiny fertilizer business and slowly build a modest enterprise that
has helped educate five children.

"By the time I got out of high school most of my girlfriends were married''
through family-arranged unions, said Zaman, 21, who is studying economics and
political science. "My mother wanted me to experience college and do something
for the people of my country who don't get that chance.''

She will return to Asian University for Women in Bangladesh to complete

her degree next year. "My goal is to do something significant in my society ...
to be the change I want to see," she said.

Zaman's economic hero is Muhammad Yunus, 72, the Bangladesh-born economist and
father of the global "microlending" phenomenon.

The two will meet in Minneapolis on Friday after Yunus addresses "business day"
participants at the annual three-day Nobel Peace Prize Forum in Minneapolis,
hosted by Augsburg College and the Humphrey School of Public Affairs at the
University of Minnesota.

"This is fantastic," Yunus said in a phone interview from Bangladesh. "I want to
meet Fahmida."

The Minneapolis conference in the only one in the world designated by Norway's
Nobel Institute, according to Maureen Reed, executive director of the Nobel
Forum at Augsburg.

And the location is appropriate. Yunus, a Nobel Prize winner in 2006, will visit
Augsburg, one of Minnesota's most diverse colleges, on the bustling West Bank.
That's as global as Minnesota gets through international students, immigrants
and small entrepreneurs.

"I've been talking about the 'children' of Grameen Bank for years," Yunus said.
"That's very exciting for me to see girls completing their education. Asian
University for Women is a top international university. To see this
qualitatively [is proof] there is no difference between a poor child and one
from a rich family. They have the same potential."

Yunus, 72, retired from Grameen in 2011. It has lent about $7 billion to
millions of small borrowers and opened branches around the globe in the 30 years
since Yunus founded it.

"Grameen always had repayment rate of 96 or 97 percent," he said. "There is no
collateral. The system of small support or solidarity groups with a common
purpose and small weekly repayments is why it works. They are not overwhelmed by
the size of the initial loan and you build up the [borrower with larger loans
over time]. Earn income. Keep the doors open. Cooperate with each other."

Yunus, who expanded Grameen to other countries, was a professor of economics at
Chittagong University in Bangladesh who received a doctorate from the Vanderbilt
University.

But his prominence has little do with economic theory. It is rooted in his first
experimental microloan of $27 from his own pocket in 1976 to a group of
impoverished women in Jobra, not far from Chittagong. The women were making
bamboo furniture, but could not afford the loans for materials made by loan
sharks who charged several hundred percent.

"I had no idea this would grow into Grameen Bank,'' he said. "I gave them $27,
they paid off the loan shark and they later paid me back. I loaned them some
more."

Yunus, who said he paid himself $400 monthly at Grameen, also started several
dozen social enterprises, or nonprofit businesses. He established the Yunus
Centre, his speaking-and-writing platform, after he won the Nobel Prize.

"I live very modestly and my family understands that," he said. "What made me
happy was promoting social businesses that solved problems. I like a simple
life. I don't like luxury."

An inspiration to others

Grameen has inspired similar efforts on several continents, including the Twin
Cities where fledgling entrepreneurs often turn for small amounts of credit and
expertise to nonprofit lenders such as the Neighborhood Development Center, the
Metropolitan Consortium of Community Developers or the African Development
Center. The micro businesses prove themselves there before they can gain access
to a commercial lenders.

Zaman has another admirer she won't meet until Friday at the Nobel Forum.

Chris Policinski, the CEO of Land O'Lakes, the Arden Hills-based cooperative
that is a multibillion-dollar dairy enterprise. Its international division has
worked for 30 years with small farmers, trying to help them band together as
producers and establish profitable markets, in some of the poorest corners of
the world.

Fahmida Zaman's story is "a classic that we see over and over again, how a
little bit of agricultural development can lift a family from poverty to a
little bit of prosperity," Policinski said last week. "And these 'smallholder'
farms then will buy a little fertilizer, some more tools and then the kids are
going to school and ... ultimately can make for a little better world.''

Policinski will join Cargill Chief Operating Officer David MacLennan Friday on a
panel that addresses food security, or having enough to eat, and peace. That
follows the Nobel laureate address by Yunus on Friday afternoon. The conference
commences at noon. Tickets are available for each of the Friday through Sunday
sessions at www.nobelpeaceprizeforum.org. ($40 general admission, $10 for
students)

Neal St. Anthony · 612-673-7144

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday

Lend And Mend;
Assets Lancaster Program Offers Small Loans, Credit Repair And Business Advice.

BYLINE: Chad Umble

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

cumble@lnpnews.com

A new microloan program in Lancaster has given some entrepreneurs money to buy
new tools, launch websites or promote their ventures.

But the loans of $1,200 or $3,600 through ASSETS Lancaster are giving the eight
business people something equally as valuable: a chance to pay them back.

For Jeffrey Shirk, a craftsman who specializes in restoring historic windows,
the $1,200 loan itself wasn't that significant since it doesn't even cover a
month's rent on his Lancaster shop.

But having eschewed credit cards all his life, the 40-year-old Shirk needs some
help building a stronger credit history to aid his 12-year-old business.

Shirk said he also appreciates the business advice he's getting.

"What's simple for me is to do the work and get paid. What's hard for me is that
I'm not a secretary and a bookkeeper," he said.

ASSETS made the loans in March through the PRECAPS program of FINANTA, a
Philadelphia-based microlender. The $12,000 lent out comes along with advice on
repairing credit and building up small businesses.

"This program is bridging the gap for early-stage entrepreneurs in a way that
doesn't exist anywhere else," said Jonathan Coleman, program director for
ASSETS.

Coleman said ASSETS, which assists entrepreneurs from underserved populations,
is trying to learn from FINANTA before launching lending circles on its own.

"We assume - we hope - that there will be an interest," he said.

Modeled after successful international microloan programs, the ASSETS initiative
offers uniquely small loans while giving participants a real stake in each
other's success.

In fact, any missed loan repayments are covered by a group escrow account, to
which everyone contributed the equivalent of one month's payment.

The loans come with a 9-percent interest rate and a one-year repayment period.

But like Shirk, Lindsey Gruber said the $1,200 she got will be more valuable as
a good mark on her credit once she pays it all back.

For a program that requires entrepreneurs to actually be running their
businesses, Gruber's tax preparation business is the youngest, having begun in
January. She has had about 15 clients so far in the sideline business.

While the loan is secondary, Gruber does have plans for the money: marketing
materials and a website.

"I'm looking forward to seeing how things go and I'm excited to be part of
this," Gruber said.

Loan recipients are required to attend monthly meetings where, in addition to
business advice, they get group support and some friendly, new contacts.

James McFarlane, who got $1,200 for his electrician business, said the group
meetings help him see that "the troubles you're having is not because you're
dumb or stupid, it's just where you're at for a beginning business."

McFarlane used part of his money to buy some new tools for Bear Service, the
one-man electrician business he started in September 2012.

The 32-year-old McFarlane called the ASSETS loan "a stepping stone" that could
make it easier to get a bigger loan eventually and maybe even hire an assistant.

"I'm at a point where simply from a business point of view, I'm losing out
because I don't have the cash reserve to hire somebody and do some marketing,"
McFarlane said.

The ASSETS loans were disbursed March 14 and everyone successfully made their
first repayment in early April.

Tony Russell, the only participant to get a $3,600 loan, is using the money to
buy a wood splitter so he can augment his one-man landscaping business,
Russell's Lawn Care and Home Services, by selling firewood over the winter.

The 37-year-old Russell said he hopes the firewood business, which grew out of a
partnership with a tree company, can help him stay busy over the slow winter
months.

"As with a lot of small business owners, having little capital is very difficult
to work with. As well as very stressful. Having a road map and a gameplan to
allow new doors to open in the future is very exciting," Russell wrote in an
e-mail.

Another loan recipient, Michael Tull, 44 years old, is using $1,200 to get more
clothing inventory for his UgLY 1 clothing line, which he launched in 2009 and
sells online.

Tull said he wants to get beyond the inspiration for his clothes - that there is
beauty in ugly - to a better bottom line for the business.

"For my brand to be bigger and more powerful, I have to have a profit," said
Tull, who also has three part-time jobs.

Tull has worked with ASSETS before, including a stint as a board member.

Also lending some business acumen to the group is Gerald Simmons, who got a
$1,200 loan for promotional supplies for a consulting business.

Simmons, who is in his 60s, is a pastor in Lancaster at Faith Tabernacle Church
and works as a counselor at CareerLink. In addition, he is on the board of the
City Revitalization and Improvement Zone, a state program that could bring $100
million of new development to the city.

Simmons said involvement with large projects has made him see the importance of
small ones.

"The small business is the engine of America, and as small businesses go, so
goes the nation, and I just don't think there are enough small businesses in the
city to engender people's own well being," he said.

The loan group's other two members, who did not respond to interview requests,
have a beauty salon and a plumbing businesses.

Coleman, who leads the group's monthly meetings, says the program is giving
common cause to people with different backgrounds and expertise.

"There is now this group of eight people that have this really vested interest
in each other," Coleman said. "They're not on an island anymore."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff James Mcfarlane, An Electrician Who Got A $1,200 Loan From Assets
Lancaster, Works At A Job In Lancaster Using Tools He Purchased With The Money.
Dan Marschka

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Tomato Specialized Bank makes giant strides in Cambodia

LENGTH: 584  words


Tomato Specialized Bank (TSB) has had a tumultuous innings in Cambodia.

Right from its inception in 2008, the bank has been experiencing a series of
poor performances. In 2015, for instance, TSB's net profit amounted to $78,000
and a high non-performing loan (NPL) ratio of 14.4 percent.

However, things have taken a turn for the better for TSB with the introduction
of advanced bank operation practices with active loan disbursements.

TSB experienced a phenomenal spike in growth in business performances, recording
a net profit of $643,000, and a NPL ratio of 1.6 percent. This was a first for
the bank, and alongside this feat the assets also grew 9.8 percent from US$8.8
million to US$9.7 million within a year. Its return on assets (ROA) has inched
towards a healthy 6.6 percent, clearly outperforming most banks in the Kingdom.

'Within a year, TSB had made remarkable accomplishments with the help of our
valued customers and capable staff. The new practices we have introduced has
managed to yield benefits. We are pushing forward and now all eyes are on 2017
and we are excited to see how we go about growth figures', said DooYoon Kim, who
joined TSB as CEO in January 2016.

TSB launches new microloan

In September last year, TSB introduced a special microloan with a one percent
interest rate per month. This scheme attracted many Cambodian customers who
borrowed the loans with higher interest rates from other banks and microfinance
institutions (MFIs). With the loan project, TSB's new loan applications tripled
during the last three months.

Kim further explained: 'In the wake of the global financial crisis, many
developed countries lowered their benchmark interest rates to historical low
levels. Some countries announced unprecedented minus interest rates. It implies
that local banks, financing from developed countries, are able to lower their
interest rates, thereby benefitting Cambodians.'

Kim attributes a significant part of the success to his team. The bank has
actively supported its staff to reinforce their expertise by providing financial
support for banking training courses and English communication courses. He also
reinforced staff responsibility in their work and revamped organisational
structure, enabling accelerated and accurate decision making, which has become a
great strength of TSB.

As part of their plans for this year, TSB is reviewing an innovative loan
product linked with insurance, a new concept in Cambodian financial markets,
which it hopes to launch later this month.

'After analysing loan markets in Phnom Penh, I realised that traditional
land-collateralised loans are not lucrative anymore due to severe competition
among banks and MFIs. Therefore TSB has researched potential substitutes for the
traditional loans,' Kim said.

'TSB strives to develop new loan products, which will benefit both Cambodian
customers and TSB. TSB will continue to research and analyse diverse loan
products in developed countries, and test the feasibility of them, thereby
expanding itself both internally and externally', Kim explained.

He added, 'Some people have shown a concern that there is an uncertainty on how
TSB can meet the National Bank of Cambodia's capital increase requirements.
However, with our devoted efforts to improve the performance, multiple domestic
and foreign financial institutions have contacted me for acquisition or equity
participations. I believe TSB will continue to contribute to the development of
Cambodian society by providing competitive loans.'

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Rescue efforts shift to small business;
As bailouts of big companies end, the administration redirects its focus

BYLINE: David Cho

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 846 words


The Obama administration is winding down several massive rescue programs that
aided large banks and automakers during the heat of the financial crisis, while
launching more moderate initiatives to help small businesses and the housing
market.

The moves are being billed by senior administration officials as a "new
direction" for the government's oft-maligned $700 billion financial rescue
program, which has been credited with preventing a collapse of the financial
system but angered many politicians and members of the public for bailing out
the big banks that may have triggered the crisis in the first place.

The Troubled Assets Relief Program, or TARP, will now focus on the ailing
housing market and small businesses, which are seen as vital to the economic
recovery because they employ so many workers, officials said.

Using the Landover records-storage company Metropolitan Archives as a backdrop
Wednesday, President Obama said, "There is still too little credit flowing to
our small businesses.

"There are still too many entrepreneurs who can't get the loan they need to open
their doors and start hiring," Obama said. Small businesses "fuel our
prosperity," he added. "And that is why they must be at the forefront of our
recovery."

Under the administration's plan, small companies will be able to get
low-interest loans through local banks with less than $1 billion in assets.
Those institutions will be allowed to borrow from TARP at a 3 percent rate,
lower than its usual 5 percent. The banks will be required to submit plans on
lending to small businesses and present quarterly progress reports to
regulators.

Community development financial institutions, which provide credit to low-income
urban and rural areas, will be able to borrow from TARP at 2 percent.

The precise terms of those programs have not yet been fully worked out, said
administration officials who declined to reveal how much they estimate they will
have to allocate to the program. The sources spoke on the condition of anonymity
because the discussions have been private.

Some of the officials are concerned about whether community banks will
participate, given the stigma that has been attached to the federal bailout,
sources said. Moreover, many banks have been reluctant to lend to small firms
because they historically have been a bigger credit risk than larger
corporations.

Raising lending limits

Obama also will ask Congress to raise the cap on how much a company can borrow
from the Small Business Administration's major lending programs to $5 million
from $2 million. In addition, the limit on an SBA microloan program will
increase from $35,000 to $50,000 to help start-ups and other smaller businesses.
Those SBA loans are also administered by banks and are backed by federal
guarantees.

"America will not recover until our small businesses recover. In communities
across the country, they are the engines of job growth and lead the way to the
industries of the future," Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner said in a
statement.

Similar proposals to increase SBA loan limits have already been put forward on
Capitol Hill, and lawmakers rushed to take credit for those efforts Wednesday.
The staff of Sen. Olympia J. Snowe (R-Maine) noted that she had introduced a
bill last year that was nearly identical to what Obama proposed.

In the House on Wednesday, the Committee on Small Business passed by a voice
vote a measure that calls for a new $3 million ceiling for the SBA's largest
lending program and similar increases to the microloan program. Rep. Nydia M.
VelÃ¡zquez (D-N.Y.), the chairman of the committee, said she would work with the
administration on the measure.

"The ultimate goal is to get affordable capital into the hands of small
businesses," she said. "I applaud the president for reaffirming his support for
our nation's small businesses and recognizing their importance to the economic
recovery."

But several business owners and community bank presidents said some of the SBA's
programs are plagued by bureaucracy. The microloan program, for instance, has
not been well-utilized by banks, which see it as a time-consuming and
unprofitable.

Programs winding down

Meanwhile, the government is winding down TARP's biggest effort, the $250
billion capital purchase program, which lends money to banks but requires them
to submit to executive pay limits, among other conditions.

In addition, the government's initiatives to buy toxic assets and revive the
consumer credit markets will not rise above the $30 billion of TARP funds that
have been allocated to each of the efforts, officials said.

"The major banks that were in critical condition a year ago need no new
assistance from the government, and so we are winding down that portion of the
TARP program," Obama said. "But to spur lending to small businesses, it's
essential that we make more credit available to the smaller banks and community
financial institutions that these businesses depend on."

Treasury officials declined to say whether Geithner would ask for a year
extension of the TARP authority, which expires Dec. 31.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Charles Dharapak/associated Press; President Obama at
Metropolitan Archives in Landover. "There is still too little credit flowing to
our small businesses," he said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday

Lending increases

BYLINE: Matt Wrye, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 385 words


Financing for Inland Empire companies might be easier to get over the next few
months, as long as they prove they can handle the risks of growth.

A report released this week says that lending - especially to the manufacturing
sector - passed an important threshold in October for the first time in over a
year.

Monday's report, a barometer of economic health, says several companies found it
easier to pay creditors in October and that fewer businesses were rejected for
loans.

It's a stark contrast to the past two years. The value of loans made by U.S.
Small Business Administration lenders within the Santa Ana District - which
includes San Bernardino, Riverside and Orange counties - was slashed by 54
percent between October 2006 to September 2009, according to SBA data.

The first credit lines likely to loosen in the Inland Empire are those tied to
manufacturing companies, said Chris Kuehl, economist for the National
Association of Credit Management, which published the report.

"Businesses are anticipating growth and demand in 2010," Kuehl said.

From what Stacey Sanchez can see, that forecast sounds about right, "but it's
hard to say," she said.

The senior community-loan officer puts financing packages together for Inland
Empire and Orange County businesses in her post at CDC Small Business Finance, a
nonprofit corporation partnering with banks and venture capital to lend money
through SBA programs.

"I've seen an increase in microloans," Sanchez said. Microloans max out at
$35,000 and are used to meet short-term needs.

Warehousing and transportation sectors could be the next industries in line to
benefit from loosened credit markets, given that China's economic recovery is
already stimulating more demand for American products.

Whether the momentum can last depends on how fast banks and lenders can "get
back into shape" after dealing with sour loans on the books and charge-offs over
the past two years, Kuehl said.

"But the evidence right now is that manufacturers are ... gearing up for
something," Kuehl said.

When the financial crisis hit, it seemed any company using credit was on shaky
ground, whether it was troubled or profitable.

Today, credit is available, but only for businesses with solid financial
positions and growth plans, Sanchez said.

matthew.wrye@inlandnewspapers.com
(909) 483-9391

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              The Janta Foundation

                            1728 Ocean Avenue # 1001
                            San Francisco,  CA 94112
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.jantaloans.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Janta's mission is to alleviate extreme poverty by increasing access to
education. With your help, we enable poor families to invest in their own
education through microloans and scholarships for primary, secondary, and
vocational education. Our goal is to make education microfinance widely
accessible and affordable, with an emphasis on small loans and scholarships for
high-need and high-potential students. We believe education pays, which is why
it is the one of the best self-help strategies in the struggle to escape
poverty.  We empower you to invest in an actual student by funding her education
microloan or scholarship with a small loan or a gift. All of the students on our
website are real children, youth, or adults who have applied for a loan or have
been recommended for a scholarship by our field partners. 100% of your
investment goes directly to educate the specific student you choose, rather than
to a regional or global program that indirectly benefits the student. Your
support will make a huge impact in the student's life, enabling her to complete
her education and increase her lifetime earnings. Whether you choose a loan or a
gift, the student will be expected to provide academic progress reports to you
via our corresponding field partner.  Our field partners are local educational
and microfinance institutions that manage the microloan and/or scholarship
programs. These organizations identify deserving students and handle loan
applications, disbursements, repayments

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Hostility to microlenders grows as benefit to poor is questioned

BYLINE: BY VIKAS BAJAJ

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1361 words

DATELINE: MUMBAI

ABSTRACT

As with other initiatives that have promised to lift millions from poverty,
microcredit -- small loans intended to help poor people start businesses -- has
struggled to turn rhetoric into tangible success.

FULL TEXT

Microcredit is losing its halo.

Microcredit was once extolled by world leaders like Bill Clinton and Tony Blair
as a powerful tool that could help eliminate poverty, through loans as small as
$50 to cowherds, basket weavers and other poor people for starting or expanding
businesses. But now microloans have met with political hostility in Bangladesh,
India, Nicaragua and other developing countries.

In December, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh, who had championed
microloans alongside Mr. Clinton at talks in Washington in 1997, while Mr.
Clinton was president, turned her back on them. She said microlenders were
''sucking blood from the poor in the name of poverty alleviation,'' and she
ordered an investigation into Grameen Bank, which had pioneered microcredit and
which, along with its founder, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

In India, until recently home to the world's fastest-growing microcredit
businesses, lending has slowed sharply since the state with the most microloans
adopted a strict law restricting lending. In Nicaragua, Pakistan and Bolivia,
activists and politicians have urged borrowers not to repay their loans.

The hostility toward microfinance is a sharp reversal from the praise and good
will that politicians, social workers and bankers showered on the sector in the
past decade. Philanthropists and investors poured billions of dollars into
nonprofit and for-profit microlenders, which were considered vital players in
achieving the United Nations' ambitious Millennium Development Goals for 2015,
which world leaders set in 2000. One of the goals was to reduce by half the
number of people in extreme poverty.

The attention lavished on microcredit helped the sector reach more than 91
million customers, most of them women, with loans totaling more than $70 billion
by the end of 2009. India and Bangladesh account for half of all borrowers.

But as with other trumpeted development initiatives that have promised to lift
hundreds of millions from poverty, microcredit has struggled to turn rhetoric
into tangible success.

Done right, the loans have shown promise in allowing some borrowers to build
sustainable livelihoods. But it has also become clear that the rapid growth of
microcredit - in India, some lending companies were growing at 60 percent to 100
percent a year - has made the loans much less effective.

Most borrowers do not appear to be climbing out of poverty, and a sizable
minority of them get trapped in a spiral of debt, according to studies and
analysts.

''Credit is both the source of possibilities and it's a bond,'' said David
Roodman, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development, a research
organization in Washington. ''Credit is often operating at this knife's edge,
and that gets forgotten.''

And with the results for borrowers mixed, some lenders have minted profits that
might make Wall Street bankers envious. For instance, investors in the largest
microcredit company in India, SKS Microfinance, sold shares last year for as
much as 95 times what had been paid for them a few years earlier.

Meanwhile, politicians in developing nations, some of whom had long resented
microlenders as competitors for the hearts and minds of the poor, have taken to
depicting lenders as profiteering at the expense of borrowers.

The president of Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega, for example, supported ''movimiento
no pago,'' or the no-pay movement, started in 2008 by farmers after some
borrowers could not pay their debts. Partly as a result of that campaign, a
judge recently ordered the liquidation of a leading microlender, Banco del
Éxito, or Success Bank.

''These crises happen when the microfinance sector gets saturated, when it grows
too fast and the mechanism for controlling overindebtedness is not very well
developed,'' said Elisabeth Rhyne, a senior official at Accion International, an
organization in Boston that invests in microlenders. ''On the political side,
politicians or political actors take advantage of an opportunity. When they see
grievances, they go, 'Wow, we can make some hay with this.'''

While a broad thread of resentment and disenchantment runs across the globe, the
hostility toward microcredit stems from different circumstances in each nation.

In Bangladesh, Ms. Hasina appears to have become embittered with Grameen after
its founder, Muhammad Yunus, who shared the Nobel, announced in 2007 that he
would start a political party. At that time, the country was governed by a
caretaker government appointed by the military. Though Mr. Yunus later gave up
on the idea, analysts say Ms. Hasina and Mr. Yunus have not made amends.

Ms. Hasina's recent comments about microcredit were prompted by a Norwegian
documentary that accused Grameen of having improperly transferred to an
affiliate $100 million that Norway had donated to it more than a decade earlier.
Ms. Hasina said Grameen, 3.4 percent of which is owned by the government, might
have transferred the money to avoid taxes.

The bank, which has denied that accusation, reversed the transfer after
Norwegian officials objected to it. Norway recently issued a statement clearing
Grameen of wrongdoing.

The prime minister's media secretary did not return calls seeking comment.

In India, leaders in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for
about a third of the microloans in the country, have accused lenders of
impoverishing customers. Stories proliferated in the local news media about
women who had amassed debts of $1,000 or more as loan officers cajoled them into
borrowing more than they could afford and then browbeat them to repay. Many had
used the money to pay for televisions or health care or to soften the blow of
failed crops, rather than as seed money for businesses.

Microcredit firms in India were also accused of siphoning borrowers from
government-run ''self-help groups'' - women's organizations that can borrow
small amounts at subsidized interest rates from government-owned banks.

The movement against microcredit was started by opposition politicians, who have
encouraged borrowers not to repay their loans and have accused senior leaders of
the governing Congress party of being in league with lenders. The Congress-led
state government made the cause its own and passed a tough new law in December
to cap interest rates and regulate collections.

The crisis has had ripples across the nation. Banks, the primary source of money
for microlenders, have turned off the tap because they are worried about the
industry's future. As a result, microlenders have slowed or stopped lending
nationwide.

Grameen Financial Services, a microlender in Bangalore that is not related to
Grameen Bank, idled 600 new employees it had hired just a few months earlier
with plans to expand into western and central India. The firm does not lend in
Andhra Pradesh.

''This is frustrating,'' said Suresh K. Krishna, managing director of Grameen
Financial. ''This is not what we set out for. The whole objective of floating
this was to support entrepreneurs and support people in the rural areas and
people below the poverty line.''

Industry leaders say they hope the issues will be resolved soon. The national
government and the Reserve Bank of India, the country's central bank, are
working on new nationwide regulations to oversee microcredit, said Alok Prasad,
chief executive of the Microfinance Institutions Network.

Still, some industry officials acknowledge that the sector also needs to change
to overcome  opposition and live up to its promise. They say that organizations
that now offer only loans need to diversify into microsavings accounts, which
many specialists assert are much better than loans at alleviating poverty.

The industry, they say, also needs to speed up efforts to build a credit bureau
that would reduce overlending. And organizations need to measure their success
not just by growth and profits, but by how fast their customers are getting out
of poverty, experts say.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Global expansion beckons as firm unveils 10-year plan

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 300 words


A TEESSIDE 3D technology firm specialist has secured £25,000 to take its global
expansion plan to the next level.

Middlesbrough-based Spearhead Interactive unveiled a 10-year plan to open
offices on five continents earlier this year, which is expected to kick off with
a Tokyo office in 2017.

The firm develops software for firms, including 3D virtual showrooms and
property walkthroughs.

Since Spearhead launched in 2013, it has worked with clients from North-east
SMEs to global multinationals and has invested heavily in technologies used in
the creation of their software, such as drones, 360° cameras, laser scanners and
3D printers.

The virtual reality software industry is expected to triple in the next three
years from $900m to $2.8bn.

Spearhead recently secured partners in Japan and Brazil, following market visits
to Asia and South America in 2014 and 2015.

Rivers Capital Partners, who secured the loan for the firm, works exclusively
with businesses that have been struggling to secure mainstream finance with the
purpose of stimulating the creation of new business and securing jobs within the
North-east.

Rivers Capital Partners' James Holloway said: "Spearhead want to use VR to its
full potential. They are very passionate about the work they produce, making
them an ideal candidate for a Microloan and set a great example to North East
businesses."

Rivers Capital Partners offer small loans anywhere between £1,000 -£25,000 to
businesses in the North-east, focusing on the quality of the business rather
than their assets.

The Microloan Fund aims to boost the regional economy and since inception in
2011, has created over 440 jobs and safeguarded over 660.

Spearhead's Dan Riley said: "The process was simple and we would recommend the
scheme to any business looking for short-term capital."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dan Riley, Spearhead Interactive. left, with Dr Michael Dickens of
Rivers Capital Partners

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2015 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 9, 2012, Wednesday

KISRA offers;
micro loans;
for new and existing businesses

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P10

LENGTH: 283 words


The Dunbar-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is a
statewide micro lender for new and existing businesses.

KISRA is certified to provide small business loans from $1,000 to $50,000 under
the U.S. Small Business Administration's Microloan Program. This program
provides assistance to women, low-income individuals, minority entrepreneurs and
other small businesses that need financial assistance.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas of West
Virginia, who generally do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger
SBA guaranteed loans.

The U.S. Small Business Administration and a grant from the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Community Services, funds the KISRA
Business Enterprise Center, which is the faith-based and community-serving
initiative of Ferguson Memorial Baptist Church.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is at 131 Perkins Ave., Dunbar.

KISRA is also offering NxLevel "Business Plan Basics" Classes (NXLEVEL
Curriculum) for those new and existing businesses interested in learning the
basic foundations to create a business plan.

The six evening classes will be held from 5 to 9 p.m., beginning May 21 at the
KISRA Business Enterprise Center. The cost to attend is $75.

Anyone interested in a Microloan or NxLevel classes should call 304-768-1300.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is funded by the U.S. Small Business
Administration and a grant from the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Community Services. KISRA is the faith-based and
community-serving initiative of Ferguson Memorial Baptist Church.

For more information about micro loans or NxLevel classes, call 304-768-1300.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           April 18, 2012, Wednesday

KISRA offers;
micro loans;
for businesses

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P8

LENGTH: 281 words


The Dunbar-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is a
statewide micro lender for new and existing businesses.

KISRA is certified to provide small business loans from $1,000 to $50,000 under
the U.S. Small Business Administration's Microloan Program. This program
provides assistance to women, low-income individuals, minority entrepreneurs and
other small businesses that need financial assistance.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas of West
Virginia, who generally do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger
SBA guaranteed loans.

The U.S. Small Business Administration and a grant from the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Community Services, funds the KISRA
Business Enterprise Center, which is the faith-based and community-serving
initiative of Ferguson Memorial Baptist Church.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is at 131 Perkins Ave., Dunbar.

KISRA is also offering NxLevel "Business Plan Basics" Classes (NXLEVEL
Curriculum) for those new and existing businesses interested in learning the
basic foundations to create a business plan.

The six evening classes will be held from 5 to 9 p.m., beginning May 21 at the
KISRA Business Enterprise Center. The cost to attend is $75.

Anyone interested in a Microloan or NxLevel classes should call 768-1300.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is funded by US Small Business
Administration and a grant from the US Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Community Services. KISRA is the faith-based and community-serving
initiative of Ferguson Memorial Baptist Church.

For more information about micro loans or NxLevel classes, call 304-768-1300.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           April 18, 2012, Wednesday

KISRA offers;
micro loans;
for new and existing businesses

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P2

LENGTH: 281 words


The Dunbar-based Kanawha Institute for Social Research & Action, Inc. is a
statewide micro lender for new and existing businesses.

KISRA is certified to provide small business loans from $1,000 to $50,000 under
the U.S. Small Business Administration's Microloan Program. This program
provides assistance to women, low-income individuals, minority entrepreneurs and
other small businesses that need financial assistance.

The program is open to all entrepreneurs in rural and urban areas of West
Virginia, who generally do not qualify for conventional loans, or other, larger
SBA guaranteed loans.

The U.S. Small Business Administration and a grant from the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Community Services, funds the KISRA
Business Enterprise Center, which is the faith-based and community-serving
initiative of Ferguson Memorial Baptist Church.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is at 131 Perkins Ave., Dunbar.

KISRA is also offering NxLevel "Business Plan Basics" Classes (NXLEVEL
Curriculum) for those new and existing businesses interested in learning the
basic foundations to create a business plan.

The six evening classes will be held from 5 to 9 p.m., beginning May 21 at the
KISRA Business Enterprise Center. The cost to attend is $75.

Anyone interested in a Microloan or NxLevel classes should call 768-1300.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is funded by US Small Business
Administration and a grant from the US Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Community Services. KISRA is the faith-based and community-serving
initiative of Ferguson Memorial Baptist Church.

For more information about micro loans or NxLevel classes, call 304-768-1300.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                November 4, 2007

Irish tech tycoon's $20m aid

SECTION: BUSINESS; Irish Business

LENGTH: 225 words


THE nation's renowned generosity reached its peak earlier this week after the
Dublin Marathon and RTE's Telethon.

But one Irish former tycoon -- who grew up a stone's throw from the
broadcaster's Donnybrook headquarters -- is helping people in Ethiopia through a
more business-oriented approach to charity.

At the peak of the dotcom boom, Dubliner Philip Berber's day trading software
firm Cybercorp was notching up sales of $500,000 a day.

In 2000, just days before other dotcom firms crashed, he sold the company to US
online trading firm Charles Schwab, banking $488m.

Berber, who is now based in Austin, Texas, then founded A Glimmer of Hope and
pledged to spend $100m helping millions of Ethiopians who struggle to get by on
less than a dollar a day.

In the past seven years, the charity has spent $20m, helping two million people
in the east African country.

Berber's charity helps farmers and small businesses to get off the ground by
giving them small loans known as microloans. It pledged $1m last year and has
loaned out $250,000 so far.

"We've done traditional charity work such as building wells, schools, health
clinics and veterinary clinics. But microloans help rural businesswomen make
money and lift themselves out of poverty.

"Farmers can use loans to buy equipment and then feed their families and sell
crops."

See Interview, Page 3

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Microlenders swing from darlings to demons;
Credit plans for the poor suffer from overextension and a political backlash

BYLINE: BY VIKAS BAJAJ

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1309 words

DATELINE: MUMBAI

ABSTRACT

As with other initiatives that have promised to lift millions from poverty,
microcredit -- small loans intended to help poor people start businesses -- has
struggled to turn rhetoric into tangible success.

FULL TEXT

Microcredit is losing its halo.

Microcredit was once extolled by world leaders like Bill Clinton and Tony Blair
as a powerful tool that could help eliminate poverty, through loans as small as
$50 to cowherds, basket weavers and other poor people for starting or expanding
businesses. But now microloans have met with political hostility in Bangladesh,
India, Nicaragua and other developing countries.

In December, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh, who had championed
microloans alongside Mr. Clinton at talks in Washington in 1997, while Mr.
Clinton was president, turned her back on them. She said microlenders were
''sucking blood from the poor in the name of poverty alleviation,'' and she
ordered an investigation into Grameen Bank, which had pioneered microcredit and
which, along with its founder, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

In India, until recently home to the world's fastest-growing microcredit
businesses, lending has slowed sharply since the state with the most microloans
adopted a strict law restricting lending. In Nicaragua, Pakistan and Bolivia,
activists and politicians have urged borrowers not to repay their loans.

The hostility toward microfinance is a sharp reversal from the praise and good
will that politicians, social workers and bankers showered on the sector in the
past decade. Philanthropists and investors poured billions of dollars into
nonprofit and for-profit microlenders, which were considered vital players in
achieving the United Nations' ambitious Millennium Development Goals for 2015,
which world leaders set in 2000. One of the goals was to reduce by half the
number of people in extreme poverty.

The attention lavished on microcredit helped the sector reach more than 91
million customers, most of them women, with loans totaling more than $70 billion
by the end of 2009. India and Bangladesh account for half of all borrowers.

But as with other trumpeted development initiatives that have promised to lift
hundreds of millions from poverty, microcredit has struggled to turn rhetoric
into tangible success.

Done right, the loans have shown promise in allowing some borrowers to build
sustainable livelihoods. But it has also become clear that the rapid growth of
microcredit - in India, some lending companies were growing at 60 percent to 100
percent a year - has made the loans much less effective.

Most borrowers do not appear to be climbing out of poverty, and a sizable
minority of them are getting trapped in a spiral of debt, according to studies
and analysts.

''Credit is both the source of possibilities and it's a bond,'' said David
Roodman, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development, a research
organization in Washington. ''Credit is often operating at this knife's edge,
and that gets forgotten.''

And with the results for borrowers mixed, some lenders have minted profits that
might make Wall Street bankers envious. For instance, investors in the largest
microcredit company in India, SKS Microfinance, sold shares last year for as
much as 95 times what had been paid for them a few years earlier.

Meanwhile, politicians in developing nations, some of whom had long resented
microlenders as competitors for the hearts and minds of the poor, have taken to
depicting lenders as profiteering at the expense of borrowers.

The president of Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega, for example, supported ''movimiento
no pago,'' or the no-pay movement, which was started in 2008 by farmers after
some borrowers could not pay their debts. Partly as a result of that campaign, a
judge recently ordered the liquidation of one of the country's leading
microlenders, Banco del Éxito, or Success Bank.

''These crises happen when the microfinance sector gets saturated, when it grows
too fast and the mechanism for controlling overindebtedness is not very well
developed,'' said Elisabeth Rhyne, a senior official at Accion International, an
organization in Boston that invests in microlenders. ''On the political side,
politicians or political actors take advantage of an opportunity. When they see
grievances, they go, 'Wow, we can make some hay with this.'''

While a broad thread of resentment and disenchantment runs across the globe, the
hostility toward microcredit stems from different circumstances in each nation.

In Bangladesh, Ms. Hasina appears to have become embittered with Grameen after
its founder, Muhammad Yunus, who shared the Nobel, announced in 2007 that he
would start a political party. At that time, the country was governed by a
caretaker government appointed by the military. Though Mr. Yunus later gave up
on the idea, analysts say Ms. Hasina and Mr. Yunus have not made amends.

Ms. Hasina's recent comments about microcredit were prompted by a Norwegian
documentary that accused Grameen of having improperly transferred to an
affiliate $100 million that Norway had donated to it more than a decade earlier.
Ms. Hasina said Grameen, 3.4 percent of which is owned by the government, might
have transferred the money to avoid taxes.

The bank, which has denied that accusation, reversed the transfer after
Norwegian officials objected to it. Norway recently issued a statement clearing
Grameen of wrongdoing.

The prime minister's media secretary did not return calls seeking comment.

In India, leaders in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for
about a third of the microloans in the country, have accused lenders of
impoverishing customers. Stories proliferated in the local news media about
women who had amassed debts of $1,000 or more as loan officers cajoled them into
borrowing more than they could afford and then browbeat them to repay. Many had
used the money to pay for televisions or health care or to soften the blow of
failed crops, rather than as seed money for businesses.

The movement against microcredit was started by opposition politicians, who have
encouraged borrowers not to repay their loans and have accused senior leaders of
the governing Congress party of being in league with lenders. The Congress-led
state government made the cause its own and passed a tough new law in December
to cap interest rates and regulate collections.

The crisis has had ripples across the nation. Banks, the primary source of money
for microlenders, have turned off the tap because they are worried about the
industry's future. As a result, microlenders have slowed or stopped lending
nationwide.

Industry leaders say they hope the issues will be resolved soon. The national
government and the Reserve Bank of India, the country's central bank, are
working on new nationwide regulations to oversee microcredit, said Alok Prasad,
chief executive of the Microfinance Institutions Network.

Still, some industry officials acknowledge that the sector also needs to revamp
itself to overcome political opposition and live up to its promise. They say
that organizations that now offer only loans need to diversify into microsavings
accounts, which many specialists assert are much better than loans at
alleviating poverty.

The industry, they say, also needs to speed up efforts to build a credit bureau
that would reduce overlending. And organizations need to measure their success
not just by growth and profits, but by how fast their customers are getting out
of poverty, experts say.

''We at microfinance have a job to do to make it easier for politicians to
support us,'' said Alex Counts, the chief executive of the Grameen Foundation, a
nonprofit in Washington that is not part of Grameen Bank. ''Rather than make
claims that get out in front of the research, we need to impose on ourselves the
discipline of transparency about poverty reduction.''

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                     November 24, 2015 Tuesday 7:00 PM GMT

Spearhead Interactive takes global growth plan to next level with £25,000 loan;

The Middlesbrough 3D technology specialist wants to open offices on five
continents, after investing heavily in the latest technology

BYLINE: By Kelley Price

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 301 words


A Teesside 3D technology firm specialist has secured £25,000 to take its global
expansion plan to the next level.

Middlesbrough-based Spearhead Interactive firm unveiled a 10-year plan to open
offices on five continents earlier this year, which is expected to kick off with
a Tokyo office in 2017.

The firm develops software for firms, including 3D virtual showrooms and
property walkthroughs.

Since Spearhead launched in 2013, it has worked with clients from North East
SMEs to global multi-nationals and has invested heavily in technologies used in
the creation of their software, such as drones, 360° cameras, laser scanners and
3D printers.

The virtual reality software industry is expected to triple in the next three
years from $900m to $2.8bn.

Spearhead recently secured partners in Japan and Brazil, following market visits
to Asia and South America in 2014 and 2015.

Rivers Capital Partners, who secured the loan for the firm, works exclusively
with businesses that have been struggling to secure mainstream finance with the
purpose of stimulating the creation of new business and securing jobs within the
North-east.

Rivers Capital Partners' James Holloway said: "Spearhead want to use VR to its
full potential. They are very passionate about the work they produce, making
them an ideal candidate for a Microloan and set a great example to North East
businesses."

Rivers Capital Partners offer small loans anywhere between £1,000 -£25,000 to
businesses in the North-east, focusing on the quality of the business rather
than their assets.

The Microloan Fund aims to boost the regional economy and since inception in
2011, has created over 440 jobs and safeguarded over 660.

Spearhead's Dan Riley said: "The process was simple and we would recommend the
scheme to any business looking for short-term capital."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                August 15, 2011

SBA hits road to help business

BYLINE: Gary Anglebrandt; ganglebrandt@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 9 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 368  words


The first-ever U.S. Small Business Administration Small Business Outreach Tour
is making its way to 15 cities across Michigan.

As Laura Blodgett recently reported in Crain's Second Stage e-newsletter, the
SBA, along with the Michigan Small Business & Technology Development Center, is
using the show to connect business owners with local resources for help from
financing to marketing development.

The tour kicked off last week in Mt. Pleasant. Gerald Moore, director for the
SBA's Michigan district who took the post early this year, came up with the
idea.

"(Moore's) number one goal is for every small business in the state to get the
help they need, either through the SBA or our partners on the ground throughout
the state," said Catherine Gase, lead business development specialist for the
SBA's Michigan district office in Detroit and organizer of the event.

Participating organizations at the Detroit session include Procurement and
Technical Assistance Center, Service Corps of Retired Executives, Bizdom U,
Detroit Economic Growth Corp., TechTown, CommerceConnect and the Internal
Revenue Service.

Successful business owners also have been tapped to share how they have used
resources.

Al Cook, assistant district director for lender relations at the SBA's Michigan
office, will give an overview of SBA loan programs and discuss areas businesses
may need help.

Local financing experts and lending resources that will be on hand at the
Detroit session include Invest Detroit, a microloan nonprofit organization;
Center of Empowerment and Economic Development, an Ann Arbor-based microloan
program funded in part by the SBA; Opportunity Resource Fund; and Detroit
Microenterprise Fund.

"Each and every one of those loan groups or financing sources all have
orientation programs, so attendees can connect with them to find out their
criteria and get more details," said Nancy Grose, business development
specialist for the Michigan office.

The Detroit stop is scheduled for Sept. 30 at the Federal Reserve Bank, 1600 E.
Warren. Other scheduled sessions include Sept. 13 at Macomb County Community
College University Center in Clinton Township and Sept. 19 at the Oakland County
Business Center in Waterford Township.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                           September 29, 2006 Friday

Cycling coast to coast for charity

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


Three friends - Phil Elks, James Doble and Jason Bliss, all aged 23 - have just
completed an epic journey across North America by bicycle on behalf of local
Chiswick charity the MicroLoan Foundation.

The charity which gives small loans to people in the developing world to help
them become more self-sufficient.

The three rode 3,959 miles from Oregon, on the Pacific coast, to the Atlantic
Ocean in Massachusetts.

On their journey, they went through the Rocky Mountains in Montana, across the
Great Plains of Wyoming and South Dakota, and around the Great Lakes.

The cycling adventure took 59 days, an average of over 75 miles a day.

The friends carried everything from tents to food supplies on the backs of their
bikes.

James was a keen cyclist in his youth,  and came up with the plan of riding
across America during his gap year after university.

Jason lived next door to James in Gloucestershire, and having cycled together
during their school days, James and Jason were keen to undertake this challenge
together.

Phil Elks was a novice cyclist, and very wobbly a mere two months before setting
off. But slightly disillusioned with the world of work after graduating with
James from Oxford University, he took very little persuading.

After a couple of months of training he was confidently riding in a straight
line most of the time, and ready to take on America.

The cyclists chose the MicroLoan Foundation because the charity is local to
Phil, all the team think microfinance is a particularly effective approach to
sustainable development.

James remembers the exhaustion of spending three days riding in the Rocky
Mountains.

He said he was waking up at night with cramp in his legs and too tired to roll
over, before setting off again at 6.30 the next morning to climb 4,000 feet over
the next pass.

But every long climb was followed by an exhilarating free-wheel downhill, and
all the boys agree that their effort was really worthwhile.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wish you were here: Jason, Phil and James at Mount Rushmore.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday
                             Business Times Edition

Formidable Capitec rewards the faithful few

BYLINE: Bruce Whitfield

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 668  words


Formidable Capitec rewards the faithful few

'REGRETS, I've had a few, but then again, too few to mention," crooned Frank
Sinatra through the '70s. If he'd been a South African investor during the past
15 years, he could have chalked up significant regret.

Like most of us, he would have missed the investment opportunity of the century:
Capitec.

At its low during the 2001 small-banks crisis, which saw the demise of Saambou,
the acquisition by Nedbank of BoE and recapitalisation of the enlarged group by
Old Mutual, you could have picked up a share in fledgling Capitec for 64c.

This week, it traded around R580: a gain of 906 times the original investment.
The full-year dividend of R10.55 is more than 16 times higher than the share's
all-time low.

Those who bought the shares in those dark days of uncertainty and kept the faith
have been handsomely rewarded. There can't be more than a handful of them.

A R1000 investment in 2001 with dividends reinvested would be worth around
R1-million today.

Sinatra fan or not, one of PSG CEO Jannie Mouton's regrets is the unbundling of
the group's stake. In his 2010 annual report, he said the 2003 decision was
necessary as PSG faced a potential hostile takeover by an unnamed player. But it
burned him that the group saw its interest decline from 58% to below 35% to
around 28% today.

Voted "best bank in the world" in the inaugural banking advisory group
Lafferty's 2016 Bank Quality Rankings, Capitec has evolved into a formidable
operator. Slowly. Steadily. Patiently.

It trades on a demanding multiple of 22 times earnings. However, it steadily
delivers earnings growth higher than its internal goal of 25% with a solid
return on equity - a key measure of bank profitability - of 27%, where its large
peers are struggling to deliver anything within 10 percentage points of that.

Sure, it's had the wind at its back since African Bank was put into curatorship
two years ago, but it has not wasted the opportunity. Last year it added a
million new customers and, if it can manage to maintain its 150000 new customers
a month in the first quarter of this year, it will smash last year's record.

What is its secret?

It's built from scratch, organically, and has kept its business model
deceptively simple. Retail deposits provide a cheap source of funding for its
microloans business, which still generates 60% of revenues, down from 80% five
years ago thanks to its focus on transactional banking.

At a time when the so-called big four are cutting back on staff and branches to
cut costs, Capitec is expanding aggressively.

It plans to add up to 80 new branches to its existing network of 720 by year-end
and grow its ATM presence by 900 to 3000 countrywide.

It's a tightly focused, dominant player in microloans and, with any real
recovery in African Bank at least two years away, no immediate prospect of a
threat from Postbank, and the "big four" increasingly conservative in their
lending, Capitec has a pretty open playing field.

For now, at least.

Traditional banks are gun-shy of microloans. But Capitec is granting
considerably more loans now than at any other time in its history. With GDP
growth below 1%, that might appear suicidal, but Capitec has an air of
unshakeable confidence. It is cutting back on vulnerable sectors such as iron
ore and lending less to people working in small companies struggling to pay
wages on time.

Long-term investors will continue to be handsomely rewarded by Capitec. New
investors will not have it so easy. Its 7.3million customers are transacting
more and using more products, with a credit card set to launch later this year
to supplement retail banking - but the "easy money" on Capitec has been made.

A prolonged slowdown or economic shock could easily dent its polished business
model. But it has proved sufficiently nimble in the past to avoid crises and the
long-established management team seems to have a knack of dodging traps into
which others have fallen.

oWhitfield is not a shareholder and regrets not buying shares at 64c

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           October 30, 2010 Saturday

Credit crunch

LENGTH: 430 words


Government officials eager to help more citizens participate in the economy
provide encouragement and incentives to private lenders to extend credit to
borrowers not previously seen as credit-worthy. These subprime loans carry
higher interest and penalties to offset the risk. When the subprime borrowers
default, however, officials once eager to extend private lending now want to
blame the lenders for default and hamper collections.

Sound familiar? No, we're not talking about the subprime mortgage bubble in the
United States ? we're actually talking about microfinance in southern India.
Microfinance has helped millions of the world's poorest families grow out of
abject poverty through tiny loans that help a family business acquire equipment
(e.g., a sewing machine) that could increase their productivity just enough to
step up economically. And in most instances, microfinance loans have enjoyed
excellent rates of repayment and return.  Microfinance's success has attracted
international investment. In India, the number of microcredit borrowers has
nearly quadrupled in the past four years to more than 25 million families with
the amount loaned expanding at 70 percent annually over the past five years.
But now the government in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, sensing
concerns about collection tactics and usurious rates, has actually told
borrowers to stop their microloan repayments. Although microcredit banks have
secured a court order to continue collection, local officials and police are
forcibly blocking collection. Andhra Pradesh accounts for about a third of
microlending in India, with nearly $2.7 billion in outstanding microloans to 6.7
million borrowers. Microfinance banks are warning that if this collection crisis
is not resolved quickly that microfinance throughout India could collapse. Since
we are so far removed from what is happening on the ground, we can't identify
the villains in this emerging story. What we do know is that the victims will
likely be millions of the world's poorest people. If microcredit collapses as an
institution in India, there will be no decent way for this segment of the
population to obtain seed capital.  The term "credit" derives from the Latin
word credere, which means to believe. Effective credit institutions rest on the
belief by all parties involved that their end of the borrowing bargain will be
upheld. Governments need to be exceedingly careful when they interfere with
contractual expectations. Even well-intentioned intervention to help debtors can
destroy an entire system of credit.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) for the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 3063  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Funds
Availability (NOFA) for the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program for
Fiscal Year 2015 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart D, for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $14.190 million in
loans and $2.086 million in grants is currently available. The RMAP funds were
provided through the Agricultural Act of 2014, Public Law 113-79, on February 7,
2014 (2014 Farm Bill). RMAP provides the following types of support: loan only,
combination loan and technical assistance grant, and subsequent technical
assistance grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDO). All
applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications or costs incurred prior to the obligation date. DATES: Applicants
may apply during a Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for the next
quarter's funding. Complete applications for loan only, and combination loan and
grant, must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last day
prior to the beginning of each Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for
funding. Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be
reviewed and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.
Applications that have not competed for four consecutive quarters, depending on
funding availability, may be considered in FY 2016. The subsequent microlender
technical assistance grant (existing MDOs with a microentrepenuer revolving loan
fund) will be made, non- competitively, based on the microlender's microlending
activity and availability of funds. To determine the microlender technical
assistance grant awards for FY 2015, the Agency will use the microlender's
outstanding balance of microloans as of June 30, 2015, to calculate this amount.
MDOs that are eligible for an annual grant may apply. ADDRESSES: Applications
and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office or online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-microentrepreneur-assistance-prog
ram. Applicants must submit an original complete application to the USDA Rural
Development State Office in the State where the applicant's headquarters is
located. A list of the USDA Rural Development State Offices addresses and
telephone numbers can be found online at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. [[Page 35300]] FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC 20250-3226, or call Kathleen Goldsmith
at 202-720-1400. Overview Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number (CFDA): 10.870. Dates: Applicants
may apply during a Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for the next
quarter's funding. Complete applications for loan only, combination loan and
grant, and technical assistance grant- only must be received in the USDA Rural
Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last day
prior to the beginning of each Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for
funding. Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be
reviewed and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.
Applications that have not competed for four consecutive quarters, depending on
funding availability, may be considered in FY 2016. Subsequent microlender
annual technical assistance grants are non- competitive. The Agency has
established June 30 of each year as the date to determine the grant amount using
the MDO's outstanding balance of microloans as of that date. I. Funding
Opportunity Description A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of RMAP is to
support the development and ongoing success of rural microentrepreneurs and
microenterprises defined in 7 CFR 4280.302. B. Statutory Authority. RMAP is
authorized by Section 379E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 2008s). Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D.
Assistance provided to rural areas under this program may include the provision
of loans and grants to rural MDOs for the provision of microloans to rural
microenterprises and microentrepreneurs; provision of business-based training
and technical assistance to rural microborrowers and potential microborrowers;
and other such activities as deemed appropriate by the Secretary to ensure the
development and ongoing success of rural microenterprises. Awards are made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart D. Information required to be in the application is specified in 7
CFR 4280.315. For entities applying for program loan funds to become an RMAP
microlender only, the following items are required: (1) Form RD 1910- 11,
``Certification of No Federal Debt;'' (2) Demonstration that the applicant is
eligible to apply to participate in this program; (3) Certification by the
applicant that it cannot obtain sufficient credit elsewhere to fund the
activities called for under this program with similar rates and terms; and (4)
Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' Subsequent annual microlender technical
assistance grants are subject to funding availability, in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.313(b)(2). Awards will be determined non-competitively based on Agency
appropriations for the fiscal year. The MDO must submit a prescribed worksheet,
listing the outstanding balance of their microloans and unexpended grant funds
as of the date of their request and a letter certifying that their organization
still meets all the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D, and
that no significant changes have occurred within the last year that would affect
its ability to carry out the MDO functions. In addition, all MDOs who request
Subsequent Annual Microlender Technical Assistance Grants must complete their
reporting into the Lenders Interactive Network Connection (LINC) for the Federal
fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2015. The deadline for reporting into LINC and
requesting a TA grant is no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on July 31, 2015.
C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.302. D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and
score applications received in response to this Notice based on the provisions
found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D, and as indicated in this Notice. However,
the Agency advises all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in
preparing and submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or
not funding is appropriated for this program in FY 2015. II. Award Information
Type of Awards: Loans and/or Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015. Available
Funds. Anyone interested in submitting an application for funding under this
program is encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web Newsroom Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas for
funding information. Funds will be prioritized as follows: (1) Combination loan
and grants; (2) loan only; and (3) subsequent microlender technical assistance
grants. Total Funds: $16,276,000. Loans: $14,190,000. MDO Grants: $2,086,000.
Maximum Award: The minimum loan amount Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDO) may borrow under this program is $50,000. The maximum loan any MDO may
borrow in any given year is $500,000. The commitment of program dollars will be
made to applicants of selected responses that have fulfilled the necessary
requirements for obligation. If the applicant is applying for an initial loan,
they may also apply for a technical assistance grant. Grant funds are limited to
no more than 25 percent up to the first $400,000 of the loan request (or
$100,000). Loan requests of greater than $400,000 are eligible to receive
$100,000, plus 5 percent of the amount over $400,000. The maximum subsequent
technical assistance grant (to MDOs that have an existing microentrepeneur
revolving loan fund) amount for a microlender is 25 percent of the first
$400,000 of outstanding microloans owed to the microlender under this program,
plus an additional 5 percent of the outstanding loan amount owed by the
microborrowers to the lender under this program over $400,000 up to and
including $2.5 million. Any grant dollars obligated, but not spent, from the
initial grant, will be subtracted from the subsequent year grant to ensure that
obligations cover only microloans made and active. Application Dates: The last
day of each Federal fiscal quarter. III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible
Applicants. To be eligible for this program, the applicant must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.310. In addition to the requirements in 7
CFR 4280.310, applicants must not be delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise
disqualified from participation in this program to be eligible to apply. All
other restrictions in this Notice will apply. B. Cost Sharing or Matching. The
Federal share of the eligible project cost of a microborrower's project funded
under this Notice shall not exceed 75 percent. The cost share requirement shall
be met by the microlender in accordance with the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.311(d). The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent
of the [[Page 35301]] total amount of the grant in the form of matching funds,
indirect costs, or in-kind goods or services. C. Other Eligibility Requirements.
Applications will only be accepted from eligible MDOs. Eligible MDOs must score
a minimum of 70 points out of 100 points to be considered to receive an award.
Awards for each Federal fiscal quarter will be based on ranking with the highest
ranking applications being funded first, subject to available funding. D.
Completeness Eligibility. All applications must be submitted as a complete
application, in one package. Applications will not be considered for funding if
they do not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are
unbound, falling apart, or otherwise not suitable for evaluation. Such
applications will be withdrawn. IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission
Information A. Address to Request Application Package: For further information,
entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development
State Office as identified in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice to obtain
copies of the application package. An MDO may submit an initial application for
a loan with a microlender technical assistance grant, or an initial or
subsequent loan-only (without a microlender technical assistance grant). Loan
applications must be submitted in paper format and must be bound in a 3-ring
binder and be organized in the same order set forth in 7 CFR 4280.315. To ensure
timely delivery, applicants are strongly encouraged to submit their applications
using an overnight, express, or parcel delivery service. B. Content and Form of
Submission: An application must contain all of the required elements outlined in
7 CFR 4280.315. Each application must address the applicable scoring criteria
presented in 7 CFR 4280.316 for the type of funding being requested. C.
Submission Dates and Times: The original complete application must be received
by the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. local time by
the application deadline dates listed above, regardless of the postmark date, in
order to be considered for funds available in that Federal fiscal quarter.
Unless withdrawn by the applicant, completed applications that receive a score
of at least 70 (the minimum required to be considered for funding), but have not
yet been funded, will be retained by the Agency for consideration in subsequent
reviews through a total of four consecutive quarterly reviews. Applications that
remain unfunded after four quarterly reviews, including the initial quarter in
which the application was competed, will not be considered further for an award.
D. Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development
State Office by the dates as indicated in the DATES section of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. All eligible and complete
applications will be evaluated and scored based on the selection criteria and
weights contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application being
determined ineligible and the application will not be considered for funding. An
application must receive at least 70 points to be considered for funding in the
quarter in which it is scored. B. Review and Selection Process. The State
Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. If
determined eligible, the application will be submitted to the National Office,
where it will be reviewed and prioritized by ranking each application, received
in that quarter, in highest to lowest score order. All applications will be
funded until funds have been exhausted for each funding cycle. Funding of
projects is subject to the MDO's satisfactory submission of the additional items
required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information A. Award Notices. Successful applicants
will receive notification for funding from the USDA Rural Development State
Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes and regulations
before the award will be approved. Provided the application and eligibility
requirements have not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered
for three subsequent funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If
an application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated as a
new application. Unsuccessful applications will receive notification by mail,
detailing why the application was unsuccessful. B. Administrative and National
Policy Requirements. Additional requirements that apply to MDO's selected for
this program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. The USDA and the Agency
have adopted the USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation
incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200
and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for monitoring and servicing RMAP funding. C.
Reporting. In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the MDO must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D.
VII. Agency Contacts For general questions about this Notice, please contact
your USDA Rural Development State Office as provided in the ADDRESSES section of
this Notice. VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection requirements associated with
the Rural Microentrepenuer Assistance Program, as covered in this Notice, has
been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0062. IX. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act All
applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a Dun and Bradstreet
Data Universal Number System (DUNS) number, which can be obtained at no cost via
a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants for grants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report information
about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in accordance with
2 CFR part 170. X. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees,
and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable,
political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual
orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any public
assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited
bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) [[Page 35302]]
If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632- 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442, or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and who wish to file either an EEO
or program complaint, please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who
wish to file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact
us by mail directly or by email. If you require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.), please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: June 10, 2015. Lillian E. Salerno, Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-15193 Filed 6-18-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

According to the marketing research made by Alfa-Bank's experts, interest rates
on loans to small and medium-size business (SMB) run to 34-48% in some cases.
The information was disclosed by Zentai Chaba, the Head of the SMB Business for
Alfa-Bank

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 80

LENGTH: 769 words


Reference: Agunda Alborova, "Temporarily Unavailable", Rossiya, No.16-17, May 4,
2009, p.6.

The current state of lending to small and medium-size business has some peculiar
features, says Zentai Chaba. First of all, banks are more conservative when
assessing collaterals (for example, the principles of evaluating real estate
have become more rigid). Secondly, all banks lending to SMB are raising interest
rates. Thirdly, a new trend is taking shape - lending against the pledge of
inventory is scaling down. Finally, business development efforts are fading away
- most banks are aimed at keeping their old customer bases. As a result, the
market of lending to small business was at a standstill in April.

Oleg Lugovoy, Deputy Head of the SMB Relations Department at NOMOS-Bank,
forecasts large-scale defaults on loans. According to him, all banks have one
common problem at present - the information about borrowers' business is
delayed, and auditors' opinions are often biased. All this creates difficulties
in assessing the risks of lending. As a result, bankers prefer to make a pause
and see in what direction the economic situation in the country will be
developing.

Expert Rating Agency has lately studied the situation in the market of lending
to SMB. It follows from the agency's report 'Lending to SMB in Russia: The
Crisis of Expectations' that banks increased their loan portfolios to SMB only
by 34% in 2008 compared with 83% the year before. In 2008, the SMB market added
almost as much as the markets of lending to corporate customers (34.28%) and
retail lending (35.12%). In the previous years, loans to small business had been
increasing more rapidly than retail loans and loans to the corporate sector.

The question is whether SMB will be able to develop in the current situation at
the cost of loans. Analysts' expectations are unfavorable. In their opinion, it
will depend upon the depth of the crisis penetration into regions. In the past,
many banks planned an intense expansion of this line of lending. Now the future
of the SMB market is in doubt. In the first half of 2008, banks granted 70% of
the amount of loans provided to small businesses in 2007. The second half-year
was a disappointment: the amount of loans fell to 61.5% of the previous year's
showing. However, banks increased loans to SMB to RUR 4.15 trillion as at the
end of 2008. Loans to small business increased 47%, to RUR 891 billion, and to
medium-size business - 28%, to RUR 3.3 trillion.

In 2009, VEB plans to refinance loans to SMB to the amount of RUR 30 billion
(which is less than 1.5% of the market). Expert RA analysts think bills of small
companies and loan portfolios are likely to turn into assets which may be used
by banks as an instrument of obtaining additional liquidity by way of secured
loans from the Bank of Russia. Despite this, loans to SMB held on banks' balance
sheet will decrease drastically till the end of 2009 and come to about RUR 2.8
trillion, according to the analysts.

Expert RA analysts noticed a new tendency. Regional banks not included into the
Top-100 show interest in small businesses in the main. Borrowers representing
corporations are divided among large banks. Therefore, lending to SMB is the
only vector of development for other participants of the market. Despite the
crisis, small banks gave by 15% more loans in the second half of 2008 compared
with the first half, while top banks reduced lending to SMB by 17.8% during the
same period.

Sberbank (by 26%) and UralSib (by 11%) scaled down lending in the second half of
2008 most considerably, although these banks are still the leading lenders to
SMB. Vozrozhdenie Bank (+9%), VTB (+5%) and KMB Bank (+3%) managed to keep up
and even increase loans to SMB.

However, this is not enough for the expansion of small and medium-size business.
Expert RA analysts are sure that SMB will not survive unless the scope of
financing is increased considerably.

The Head of Sberbank of Russia German Gref stated that the bank was about to
grant microloans to small businesses to the amount equal to RUR 1 million at
most.

Small companies of the central part of Russia will be able to take advantage of
microloans in June, and all regions of Russia - till the end of the year, he
said. It will take from two to five days to obtain a microloan. Now the
procedure takes from 14 days to a month. Two persons will make decisions
concerning a loan independently of each other. One person will examine
documents, while the other will talk with a borrower directly. "A loan will be
granted if both of them make a favorable decision," explained German Gref.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

The ripple effect moves us forward

BYLINE: Genevieve Barlow

SECTION: COUNTRYLIV; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 590 words


A campaign to teach financial freedom to girls is making waves women up faims to
give women financial security

Carving a self-financed future is something that not all of us country women, as
young girls, planned. We might have been educated, thank heavens, in literature
and history or even science and maths but that in itself does not guarantee a
fruitful, well-resourced life. In the 21st century, having money is not
everything but it's damned handy and gives us choices, not only to care for
ourselves but, if we're successful enough and inclined that way, to help others
too. And we don't have to rely on husbands and others to do this. How empowering
to do this ourselves. It's this very idea that motivates Zoe Lamont.

As with many of us, this former farm girl's post-school years of work took a
curly path. There was the abattoir work; the fast food take-away gig; university
in Bathurst; volunteering in Africa, India, Thailand and Fiji; a stint (very,
very brief) in corporate public relations; and even running for a seat in the
Australian Federal Senate with the world's first online political party. That
was in 2007.

Her big push was to give all Australian voters the opportunity to vote on every
Senate bill, an idea that may yet prove to have been too early and one that got
her heaps of attention - and a mere 2000 or so votes. There was also a period
when she knocked on doors of advocacy organisations and volunteered until they
employed her. What she came to realise was that Australia was rich and others
parts of the world were poor.

And her heart hurt when she came home and couldn't raise a smile on the bus to
work in Sydney where people had jobs and homes, yet in Burma where people had no
work and no homes, people would happily share their last bit of food. Each step,
each experience shaped her thinking.

She saw how those with life plans often flourished and those without sometimes
struggled to achieve. She learnt about the power of networking, and of social
media, about logistics and making change.

And she poured all this into setting up the 10thousandgirl campaign
(10thousandgirl.com), a social business aimed at improving the financial
literacy of 10,000 young Australian women and inspiring them to create life
plans that give them confidence and financial security.

Some of the course fees are then turned into microloans for other women to start
their own businesses. Country communities who organise 10thousandgirl campaign
courses locally sometimes elect to also direct those microloans to women in
their local area rather than overseas.

Zoe, now 30, calls this the ripple effect. Her model began with a group of
girlfriends, some from Narrandera and Gundagai, Sydney and New Zealand, meeting
in a pub.

"All of us wanted to set ourselves up financially for the future but we didn't
really know how to go about it," Zoe explained during an address to the National
Rural Women's Coalition conference in Canberra recently.

With a bit of tweaking and a lot of help from others, Zoe created her campaign
and she now travels around delivering the course in partnership with local
banks, accountants and solicitors to country and metropolitan areas.

"Our main objective is for every woman and household across Australia to have
some clear, inspiring life goals." 10Thousand Girl teaches young women how to
set goals and how to break them into bite-sized chunks to make them achievable.
And here's the best bit of all about the campaign. Even if, like me, you're no
longer a girl, but feel like one, you're welcome.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 17, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

LOCALLY

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 373  words


Engineering firms merge DELAND Maryam Ghyabi, Alan Mosley and Walter Kloss have
merged Ghyabi and Associates and Kloss Mosley and Associates to form GMAK LLC.
The new entity is a full-service engineering and planning firm with offices in
Jacksonville, DeLand and Orlando. Ghyabi will serve as president of GMAK, and
Alan Mosley and Walter Kloss will be vice presidents. The firm has 35
professional engineers, planners, designers and support staff. Ryder driver
earns award DELTONA Local resident Leon King is one of three national recipients
of Ryder System Inc.s annual Driver of the Year award. The award recognizes
professional drivers for exemplary safety and customer service. King, a veteran
driver who has been with Ryder for seven years, is based in the companys Orlando
office. He now has been recognized by Ryder six times for safe driving.
Entrepreneurs offered microloan workshop DAYTONA BEACH Central Florida Community
Development Corp. will conduct a loan workshop 6 p.m. Wednesday at the Dickerson
Heritage Library, 411 S. Keech St., for small businesses in the Front Porch
Community in the center of the city. Microloans are available for up to $5,000,
with a maximum term of 36 months and interest rates ranging from 8 percent to 12
percent, said Jennifer Dash, agency spokeswoman. For information, call (386)
258- 7520. Business showcase exhibits Wednesday DELAND More than two dozen
businesses will display goods and services at the DeLand Area Chamber of
Commerces 12th Business to Business Showcase & Business After Hours on
Wednesday, at the Holiday Inn-DeLand. The event runs from 4:30 to 7 p.m. and is
open to the public. The cost is a business card and $2 for chamber members and
$10 for nonmembers. Some exhibitor spaces are still available for chamber
members. For information, call (386) 734-4331. Proper hiring practices taught
DAYTONA BEACH Managers, supervisors and business owners are urged to attend a
seminar on How to avoid illegal interviewing practices. The seminar will be 8:30
a.m. to 9:30 a.m. Wednesday at the One-Stop Career Center, 359 Bill France Blvd.
For information, call (386) 323- 7008. The Workforce Development Board of
Flagler and Volusia Counties is sponsoring the seminar. Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

Budget standoff continues in Juneau

BYLINE: Tim Bradner, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1104 words


April 21--The high drama in Juneau has focused on the standoff between the state
Senate and House over the multi-billion dollar state capital budget, but
legislators have also sent a number of other important bills on to Gov. Sean
Parnell with their approval.

Advertisement

They have also put a number of other bills on hold until next year, including
the governor's controversial bill to modify oil and gas taxes, House Bill 110.
The bill is in the Senate Labor and Commerce Committee.

Parnell adjourned the 2011 legislative session April 17 after the House and
Senate requested it after being deadlocked on the capital budget. The governor
called legislators back in special session April 18 to finish work on a number
of bills, including the capital and operating budgets.

Some critical issues were still awaiting resolution on April 20 besides the
capital budget and the operating budget. One is an extension and possible
changes to the state's coastal management program, in HB 106. Another is an
extension of the Regulatory Commission of Alaska, in HB 24.

Both are set to expire June 30 unless extended by the Legislature, although the
RCA goes through a one-year phase-down period before finally terminating. Most
lawmakers agree the regulatory commission needs to be extended. The question to
be resolved is for how long, either two years as the Senate has proposed, or
four years as the House has proposed.

Bills that have passed both House and Senate and are en route to the governor
for approval include a bill setting out a new fee schedule for workers'
compensation medical expense, updating a 2004 fee schedule which is badly
outdated.

The new schedule will include, for the first time, an allowable cost for medical
evacuations. Medevac expenses have soared in recent years with cases where
hundreds of thousands of dollars have been spent flying injured workmen from the
North Slope.

HB 13, sponsored by Rep. Kurt Olson, R-Soldotna, will bring these costs within a
regulatory framework for other workers' compensation expenses.

Another bill sponsored by Olson that is now on Parnell's desk is HB 155, which
raises the amount of public contracts for maintenance and minor construction on
which "Little Davis-Bacon" wages are required to be paid from $2,000 to $25,000.

The state Little Davis-Bacon law requires "prevailing wages" to be paid on
public contracts on a schedule similar to the federal Davis-Bacon Act wage rates
paid on federal contracts. By exempting small contracts from the law, HB 155
would give public agencies, mainly municipalities, more flexibility in
negotiating smaller contracts, mostly for maintenance.

The bill was a point of contention between municipalities, who pushed for HB
155, and organized labor groups, who were wary of any changes that could affect
the requirement for paying the prevailing Little Davis-Bacon wage schedule on
the bulk of state and municipal contracts.

Another bill, expanding the authority of the Alaska Industrial Development and
Export Authority to make certain types of investments, also passed after
amendments were added to extend similar flexibility in investments to Alaska
Housing Finance Corp. and to give AIDEA authority to finance an expansion of the
Skagway Ore Terminal.

Among other changes House Bill 199 allows AIDEA to invest in partnerships with
limited liability corporations and other forms of business organization. The
Skagway Ore Terminal expansion is needed to accommodate an expected increase in
shipments of ore from mines in Yukon Territory.

A bill important to Southeast Alaska communities that doubled the size of the
Southeast State Forest was approved by both the House and Senate and sent to
Parnell. HB 105, proposed originally by Parnell, designates an additional 23,181
acres of state lands to the state forest, which was created by a law passed in
2010.

State forest lands are managed for multiple-use but what is important for the
Southeast region is that timber lands within the state forest can be managed for
harvest, which will help sustain the small timber industry in the region.

Some important legislation got sidetracked, however. One bill important to the
state's medical community that got waylaid was HB 78, which would help provide
loan repayments and other incentives for skilled medical professionals recruited
by Alaska health care providers.

There are shortages of primary care physicians and certain other medical
professionals in Alaska, particularly in smaller communities. Alaska is one of
the few states without an incentive program to aid in recruiting medical
professionals.

HB 78 reached the House Finance Committee but was sent to a subcommittee by
Finance co-chair Rep. Bill Stoltze, R-Eagle River.

Another bill pushed to the side was HB 121, a governor's bill that would have
set up revolving loan programs for commercial fisheries charter operators as
well as mariculture operators, mostly small shellfish farmers, and a "microloan"
program that would have made small loans to individuals or couples operating
small businesses.

A proposed microloan program was shelved in the 2010 legislative session also.
The program is modeled on a similar U.S. Small Business Administration microloan
program that is not available in Alaska because of a technicality that makes
Alaska banks ineligible to handle the loans.

A state microloan program, which would be operated by the state Department of
Commerce, Community and Economic Development along with other state loan
programs, was proposed as an alternative. HB 121 passed the House and is now in
the Senate Finance Committee.

Legislators must resolve differences over the capital budget, in SB 46, before
they finally head home, but the state operating budget, in HB 108, must also be
finalized although differences between the House and Senate versions of the bill
were minor compared with the capital budget disputes.

But what is apparent, no matter how the operating budget decisions come out, is
the continued escalation in the budget. The Senate is proposing $8.993 billion
in its version of the budget, while the House is proposing to spend $8.98
billion. Both are down from the governor's request of $9 billion, however.

All are well above the current year operating budget of $8.48 billion, however.

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110421-JA-Budget-standoff-continues-in-Juneau-0421-20110421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2011 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                News Post Leader

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Firm funding for innovation

LENGTH: 238  words


A specialist manufacturer is stepping up its pedestrian products after securing
a £50,000 loan.

Ashington-based Innovision Global, which develops products for accessibility and
safety, received the cash through the Finance for Business North East Microloan
Fund.

The scheme, managed by Rivers Capital Partners, has enabled the business to
complete its automated manufacturing line and replace long-standing equipment.

The kit is vital for the company's development in making products such as
tactile surfaces for the partially sighted, anti-slip step nosings and
wayfinding systems, based on a unique polymer that can form a strong bond with
existing floor surfaces.

Research and development engineer Dave Wagstaff said: "The capital injection
provided by Rivers has enabled us to complete the procurement of equipment
required to automate our manufacturing plant so that we can react quickly to our
clients' needs, be it small bespoke orders or bulk orders from overseas.

"The Microloan process was straightforward and fills the void for businesses
like us seeking finance for innovative products."

The fund provides small businesses with loans from £1,000 up to £50,000, based
on the overall quality of the enterprise.

Rivers Capital investment executive Kristine Murane said: "Innovision is very
passionate about the products it manufactures, making it an ideal candidate for
a Microloan and a great example to north east businesses."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPLG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                          November 17, 2010 Wednesday

An escape from poverty turns into a deeper hole;
Fears of a broader crisis in India as microloans are blamed for a cycle of debt

BYLINE: BY LYDIA POLGREEN AND VIKAS BAJAJ

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1650 words

DATELINE: MADOOR, India

ABSTRACT

Fearful of an Indian version of the United States' subprime mortgage debacle,
some Indian politicians have urged borrowers to stop payments and have banned
collections on microloans.

FULL TEXT

Durgamma Dappu wanted to build a house. As a widowed village laborer, she had
never had a bank account or earned a regular salary. So when the representative
of a private lending company came through this dusty village in rural southern
India offering loans earlier this year, she leapt at the chance.

But she struggled to repay the $200 loan. So she took another from a different
company, then another, until she was nearly $2,000 in debt. In September she
fled her village, leaving her family little choice but to forfeit her tiny plot
of land, and her dreams.

Initially the work of nonprofit groups, such loans to the poor, known as
microcredit, once seemed a promising path out of poverty for millions, and even
earned the man who popularized them, Muhammad Yunus of Bangladesh, a Nobel Peace
Prize.

But over the last half decade, the loans have become the domain of private
companies that have raked in enormous profits by extending them readily to poor
villagers, sometimes at exorbitant interest rates and without enough regard to
their ability to repay.

Now, the misfortunes of Ms. Dappu and other women are leading some Indian
officials and social workers to conclude that microfinance could become India's
own version of the United States' subprime mortgage debacle, in which the
seemingly noble idea of extending home ownership to lower-income households
threatened to collapse the global banking system because of a reckless,
grow-at-any-cost strategy.

Repayments on nearly $2 billion in loans in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh
have virtually ceased, largely because politicians have urged borrowers to stop
payments and banned collections, lenders said.

Because the state accounts for more than 35 percent of Indian microloans, the
crisis threatens to undermine the entire industry. It could also hobble Indian
banks, which were largely unscathed by the global financial crisis but have
provided 80 percent of the money loaned out by these companies.

''We are extremely worried about our exposure to the microfinance sector,'' said
Sunand K. Mitra, a senior executive at Axis Bank, speaking on a panel at the
India Economic Summit on Tuesday.

The region's crisis could have global ramifications. In recent years,
foundations, venture capitalists and the World Bank have used India as a petri
dish for for-profit ''social enterprises'' that seek to make money while filling
a social need. Similar ideas have been exported to other poor countries in Asia,
Africa and Latin America.

The experiments come with risks. Local newspapers in Andhra Pradesh have been
filled with reports of women who have committed suicide to escape their debts
and have likened microfinance, once seen as a savior for the poor, to the
usurious moneylenders it was meant to bankrupt.

Last month, the state, which has the largest number of for-profit microfinance
institutions, passed tough legislation that restricts companies from giving
multiple loans to poor people and regulates how they can collect repayments. The
industry claims that the law will hurt far more poor people than it will
protect.

''Microfinance has made a tremendous contribution to inclusive growth,'' said
Vikram Akula, chairman of SKS Microfinance, India's largest for-profit
microlender, speaking at the India Economic Summit. Destroying microfinance, he
said, would result in ''nothing less than financial apartheid.''

Government officials in the state say they had little choice but to act.

''These institutions are using quite coercive methods to collect,'' said V.
Vasant Kumar, the state's minister for rural development. ''They aren't looking
at sustainability or ensuring the money is going to income-generating
activities. They are just making money.''

The original mission of microcredit loans was to finance village entrepreneurs,
allowing them to lift themselves out of poverty when no one else would lend them
money, aside perhaps from local loan sharks who charged crippling interest
rates. Many of the beneficiaries were women.

Those microloans had very low default rates, despite the fact that the borrowers
had no credit history. That is because lenders formed groups of borrowers who
guaranteed each other's loans. If one woman in the group fell behind, the rest
had to cough up the payments.

Some of that has changed with the entry of private lenders, who have issued
loans with little or no vetting. Reddy Subrahmanyam, a senior official who
helped write the Andhra Pradesh legislation, accuses microfinance companies of
making ''hyperprofits off the poor.''

''The money lender lives in the community,'' he said. ''At least you can burn
down his house. With these companies, it is loot and scoot.''

Indeed, some of the anger appears to have been fueled by the recent initial
public offering of shares by SKS Microfinance, which is backed by famous
investors like Vinod Khosla and George Soros.

The company and its shareholders raised more than $350 million on the stock
market in August. Its revenue and profits have grown around 100 percent annually
in recent years, and its charismatic founder and chairman, Vikram Akula,
privately sold shares worth about $13 million earlier this year.

Unlike other officials in his industry, Vijay Mahajan, the chairman of Basix, an
organization that provides loans and other services to the poor, acknowledged
that many lenders grew too fast and lent too aggressively. Investments by
private equity firms and the prospect of a stock market listing drove firms to
increase lending as fast as they could, he said.

''In their quest to grow,'' he said, ''they kept piling on more loans in the
same geographies.'' He added, ''That led to more indebtedness, and in some cases
it led to suicides.''

Still, he said, the number of borrowers who are struggling to pay off their
debts is much smaller than officials have asserted. He estimates that roughly 20
percent have borrowed more than they can afford to and that just 1 percent are
in serious trouble.

The industry is nonetheless in the political crosshairs. Even as the new
legislation was being passed, local leaders urged people last month to renege on
their loans. Mr. Mahajan said less than 10 percent of borrowers had made
payments in the past couple of weeks. If the trend continues, the industry faces
imminent collapse in a state where more than a third of its borrowers live.
Lenders are also having trouble making new loans in other states, because banks
have slowed lending to them as fears about defaults grow.

One of India's leading social workers, Ela Bhatt, who heads the Self-Employed
Women's Association, or SEWA, said microfinance firms lost sight of the fact
that the poor need more than loans to be successful entrepreneurs. They need
business and financial advice as well, she said.

''They were more concerned about growth - not growth of the livelihoods and
economic status of the clients, but only the institutions' growth,'' she said.

Industry data show that Indian lenders spend less time with borrowers than do
their counterparts elsewhere. For-profit Indian microfinance organizations have
411 borrowers per loan officer, compared to the global average of 248, according
to the Microfinance Information Exchange.

''One way of looking at it is that there is a pent-up demand for credit,'' said
M.S. Sriram, an independent researcher who once worked at Basix and has written
critically about microfinance. ''But the question is, when this credit is
released, are the people able to handle it? Is the underlying economy going to
support economic activities at a scale that all these multiple loans can be
serviced?''

Mr. Mahajan, who also chairs the Microfinance Institutions Network, said the
industry was now planning to create a fund to help restructure the loans of the
20 percent of borrowers in Andhra Pradesh who are struggling.

He also said the industry, which has been reluctant to accept outside help,
would share its client databases with the government and was negotiating
restrictions on retail lending that do not go through self-help groups.

The collapse of the industry could have severe consequences for borrowers, said
Abhijit V. Banerjee, an economics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology who has studied microfinance lending in Andhra Pradesh.

If lenders leave the state, some borrowers may be able to borrow through
self-help groups, but most people would once again have to turn to money
lenders, who typically charge annualized interest rates of 60 to 100 percent -
three to four times what microfinance firms charge.

''At the end of the day, the money lenders will have a good time,'' Mr. Banerjee
said. ''You don't solve this problem by removing the market incentives
completely.''

It is tough to find a household in the village in an impoverished district of
Andhra Pradesh that is not deeply in debt to a for-profit microfinance company.
The women refer to the companies not by their names but by the day of the week
their agents come to collect payment - SKS on Wednesday, Spandana on Thursday,
Share on Friday.

K. Shivamma, a 38-year-old farmer, said she took her first loan hoping to
reverse several years of crop failure brought on by drought.

''When you take the loan they say, 'Don't worry, it is easy to pay back,''' Ms.
Shivamma said.

The man from Share, the company that made her first loan, did not ask about her
income, Ms. Shivamma said. She soon ran into trouble paying back the $400 loan,
and took out another loan, and then another. Now she has nearly $2,000 in loans
and no idea how she will repay them. The television, mobile phone and two
buffaloes she bought with one loan were long ago sold.

''I know it is a vicious circle,'' she said. ''But there is no choice but to go
on.''

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Glazing company's investment boost

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 248 words


ARCHITECTURAL glazing repair and installation firm Glass Tech Fixings has
secured a £25,000 investment to tackle a major project in London.

The Benton-based firm, which employs 17 permanent staff, is eyeing growth in the
remedial glass market in the capital, which its directors say is buoyant with
work.

Ian Ford, a director at the family business, said the firm has made a conscious
decision to pursue work in London, in addition to its regional clients.

Welcoming the £25,000 investment from the Finance for Business North East
Microloan Fund, Mr Ford said: "We operate three arms: installation, remedial
work which includes repairs and maintenance, and a fabrication business.

"The plan is to grow our remedial work as we see a lot of opportunity there,
particularly in London which is still experiencing a construction bubble.

"The three partners in the business all have significant experience - we've
built up contacts and reputation over the years."

Glass Tech Fixings, which last year turned over £3.1m, employs between 40 to 50
sub-contractors on its projects.

The growing firm typically undertakes glass work for shopping malls, schools and
large corporations.

This injection of funding, secured through Rivers Capital Partners, will lead to
the creation of four new jobs and the safeguarding of eight in the North East.

As part of the wider £125m Finance for Business North East programme managed by
North East Finance, the Microloan Fund offers loans to existing and startup
stage firms.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vaughan Citizen

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Moving Forward provides a hand up

BYLINE: By Caroline Grech, cgrech@yrmg.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1151  words


When Georgina Lee looks across her desk at her latest client, more often than
not, she knows how she feels. The 46-year-old executive director of Moving
Forward 2015 has a special connection to the programs she oversees at the
charitable organization that provides interest-free, microloans to at-risk
individuals and families. That's because she is no stranger to the perils of
leaving an abusive relationship. Eleven years ago, she left her marriage in
search of a better life for herself and her three small children. "The first
three years were awful.

Even if you have a great social support system, and I did, you fall between the
cracks," Ms Lee said, adding the first years were financially the most
difficult. She, like many others, do not plan past the actual act of leaving.
But once they do, seek refuge shelters and are ready to leave, that's when
Moving Forward is there to lend such things as first and last month's rent. As
Ms Lee leans back in her chair at her Richmond Hill office, she said her first
six years on her own were a roller-coaster, not only emotionally but
financially, too. That struggle meant using food banks, not owning a car, having
utilities cut off and living in government housing. The road started to get less
bumpy when she met her partner, Tony Di Battista, who acts as director and
treasurer for the organization. In addition, Ms Lee's foray into volunteering
led her to Yellow Brick House, which is when she became aware of the need to
help abused women in Vaughan and York Region. "To me it was mind-blowing. The
statistics tell us they get about 1,000 distress calls a year," she recounts.
"It was an eye-opener for those sitting around the table because you think these
are beautiful, multi-million dollar houses, nothing can go wrong behind closed
doors. But domestic violence does not see any social boundary," Ms Lee said.
"There may be a BMW or Mercedes in the driveway, but there's still violence
going on in that home." Ms Lee stresses that nobody knew what went on behind her
closed doors because she went out of her way to hide it out of embarrassment and
fear. "I used to watch people move into our co-op with nothing," Ms Lee
explains. Now, Ms Lee and Mr. Di Battista see the future of Moving Forward as
one that is evolving. The original Next Step program offers microloans, but they
have also launched an education grant program, where money is donated to various
recipients to help with equipment or classes related to education. She admits
she didn't think Moving Forward would get so big so quick. The organization's
fundraising efforts started with Yellow Brick House for items such as winter
jackets. When Ms Lee, Mr. Di Battista and Moving Forward's board members heard
about the YWCA December 6 fund, which offers loans to women fleeing domestic
violence, they were upset to learn the fund helps those in Toronto and Peel.
There was no similar program in York Region. There was not enough funding to
expand the program here. Ms Lee credits Mr. Di Battista with pushing that part
of the program. With a few modifications to the December 6 program, the group
launched Moving Forward's Next Step program. Ms Lee is quick to point out that
100 per cent of money raised goes to the organization. Moving Forward can do
that, in part, because of in-kind donations that helped set up office space and
grants, something she needed to become adept in to make the organization work.
But her work will always be intertwined with her personal experience. "When
women come in here and talk about fear and anxiety issues, I can really relate
to that," Ms Lee said. "I can relate to going to sleep at night and wondering,
OK, if I pay my rent late, I will get a notice from the co-op board, but if I
pay my hydro bill late we're not going to have lights on." One young York Region
resident, who spoke to The Citizen on condition of anonymity, said she got
pregnant and had nowhere to turn. "My daughter's father is not in my life. I was
scraping tooth and nail," she said, adding that because the microloan from
Moving Forward is interest-free, it helped her out immensely. If it weren't for
the program, the young mother said she doesn't know what would have happened to
her and her 15-month-old daughter. The benefits are two-fold, however, because
in paying back her loan, which she has already started doing, she feels
gratified she can help someone else who may be in a similar situation. "It's a
blessing for them to help me, so I want to do my part and not miss my payments,"
she said. The young mother said it is the people who run the unique program who
make it so successful. "It was really worth going. They are honest. There are so
many places you can go and they say they can help you, but then they add to
payment plans," she said. Ms Lee tells her clients that it does get better and
she isn't shy about sharing her story if she thinks it will help them. Moving
Forward was launched a year ago, but the first loans went out in February. When
Ms Lee set up the program, she expected an influx of applications. Instead,
those first few weeks in January were silent. People thought it was too good to
be true, Ms Lee said, now laughing. Things have moved steadily since and now,
Moving Forward has a 36-person waiting list for its microloans, which to date,
account for about $43,000. Of that total, 38 loan recipients are making payments
monthly. Ms Lee hopes in the next few weeks they'll add $14,000 to that total,
thanks, in part, to their latest fundraiser. Moving Forward accepts referrals
from organizations such as Yellow Brick House and Sandgate Women's Shelter.
Councillors can also refer their constituents. "We need the community to support
this program because the money stays in the community, "Ms Lee said. "It's not a
hand-out, it's a hand up. It's a big difference." Mary Ann Proulx, executive
director of Housing Help Centre York Region notes the program is only going to
grow. "It certainly is a program not in existence in York Region. It is a
helping hand and it's addressing a gap that is there," Ms Proulx explains. Mr.
Di Battista stresses the objective of the program is to help men and women and
it will always evolve to fill gaps people encounter in receiving social
services. "It's not a problem that goes away, but we can limit the problem. Two
years ago 1200 calls came into the shelter and they could only help 500 people.
There's 600 or 700 families out there still living with abuse because the
shelter couldn't reach them," Mr. Di Battista says, adding Moving Forward has
the flexibility to evolve unlike other organizations. "It's very hard for a lot
of organizations to evolve from their original mandates. We're there to fill
gaps, whatever people need us to do, we're there to do." For more information on
Moving Forward visit <a href="http://www.movingforward2015.com"
target="_blank">www.movingforward2015.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vaughan Citizen

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Moving Forward provides a hand up

BYLINE: By Caroline Grech, cgrech@yrmg.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1151  words


When Georgina Lee looks across her desk at her latest client, more often than
not, she knows how she feels. The 46-year-old executive director of Moving
Forward 2015 has a special connection to the programs she oversees at the
charitable organization that provides interest-free, microloans to at-risk
individuals and families. That's because she is no stranger to the perils of
leaving an abusive relationship. Eleven years ago, she left her marriage in
search of a better life for herself and her three small children. "The first
three years were awful.

Even if you have a great social support system, and I did, you fall between the
cracks," Ms Lee said, adding the first years were financially the most
difficult. She, like many others, do not plan past the actual act of leaving.
But once they do, seek refuge shelters and are ready to leave, that's when
Moving Forward is there to lend such things as first and last month's rent. As
Ms Lee leans back in her chair at her Richmond Hill office, she said her first
six years on her own were a roller-coaster, not only emotionally but
financially, too. That struggle meant using food banks, not owning a car, having
utilities cut off and living in government housing. The road started to get less
bumpy when she met her partner, Tony Di Battista, who acts as director and
treasurer for the organization. In addition, Ms Lee's foray into volunteering
led her to Yellow Brick House, which is when she became aware of the need to
help abused women in Vaughan and York Region. "To me it was mind-blowing. The
statistics tell us they get about 1,000 distress calls a year," she recounts.
"It was an eye-opener for those sitting around the table because you think these
are beautiful, multi-million dollar houses, nothing can go wrong behind closed
doors. But domestic violence does not see any social boundary," Ms Lee said.
"There may be a BMW or Mercedes in the driveway, but there's still violence
going on in that home." Ms Lee stresses that nobody knew what went on behind her
closed doors because she went out of her way to hide it out of embarrassment and
fear. "I used to watch people move into our co-op with nothing," Ms Lee
explains. Now, Ms Lee and Mr. Di Battista see the future of Moving Forward as
one that is evolving. The original Next Step program offers microloans, but they
have also launched an education grant program, where money is donated to various
recipients to help with equipment or classes related to education. She admits
she didn't think Moving Forward would get so big so quick. The organization's
fundraising efforts started with Yellow Brick House for items such as winter
jackets. When Ms Lee, Mr. Di Battista and Moving Forward's board members heard
about the YWCA December 6 fund, which offers loans to women fleeing domestic
violence, they were upset to learn the fund helps those in Toronto and Peel.
There was no similar program in York Region. There was not enough funding to
expand the program here. Ms Lee credits Mr. Di Battista with pushing that part
of the program. With a few modifications to the December 6 program, the group
launched Moving Forward's Next Step program. Ms Lee is quick to point out that
100 per cent of money raised goes to the organization. Moving Forward can do
that, in part, because of in-kind donations that helped set up office space and
grants, something she needed to become adept in to make the organization work.
But her work will always be intertwined with her personal experience. "When
women come in here and talk about fear and anxiety issues, I can really relate
to that," Ms Lee said. "I can relate to going to sleep at night and wondering,
OK, if I pay my rent late, I will get a notice from the co-op board, but if I
pay my hydro bill late we're not going to have lights on." One young York Region
resident, who spoke to The Citizen on condition of anonymity, said she got
pregnant and had nowhere to turn. "My daughter's father is not in my life. I was
scraping tooth and nail," she said, adding that because the microloan from
Moving Forward is interest-free, it helped her out immensely. If it weren't for
the program, the young mother said she doesn't know what would have happened to
her and her 15-month-old daughter. The benefits are two-fold, however, because
in paying back her loan, which she has already started doing, she feels
gratified she can help someone else who may be in a similar situation. "It's a
blessing for them to help me, so I want to do my part and not miss my payments,"
she said. The young mother said it is the people who run the unique program who
make it so successful. "It was really worth going. They are honest. There are so
many places you can go and they say they can help you, but then they add to
payment plans," she said. Ms Lee tells her clients that it does get better and
she isn't shy about sharing her story if she thinks it will help them. Moving
Forward was launched a year ago, but the first loans went out in February. When
Ms Lee set up the program, she expected an influx of applications. Instead,
those first few weeks in January were silent. People thought it was too good to
be true, Ms Lee said, now laughing. Things have moved steadily since and now,
Moving Forward has a 36-person waiting list for its microloans, which to date,
account for about $43,000. Of that total, 38 loan recipients are making payments
monthly. Ms Lee hopes in the next few weeks they'll add $14,000 to that total,
thanks, in part, to their latest fundraiser. Moving Forward accepts referrals
from organizations such as Yellow Brick House and Sandgate Women's Shelter.
Councillors can also refer their constituents. "We need the community to support
this program because the money stays in the community, "Ms Lee said. "It's not a
hand-out, it's a hand up. It's a big difference." Mary Ann Proulx, executive
director of Housing Help Centre York Region notes the program is only going to
grow. "It certainly is a program not in existence in York Region. It is a
helping hand and it's addressing a gap that is there," Ms Proulx explains. Mr.
Di Battista stresses the objective of the program is to help men and women and
it will always evolve to fill gaps people encounter in receiving social
services. "It's not a problem that goes away, but we can limit the problem. Two
years ago 1200 calls came into the shelter and they could only help 500 people.
There's 600 or 700 families out there still living with abuse because the
shelter couldn't reach them," Mr. Di Battista says, adding Moving Forward has
the flexibility to evolve unlike other organizations. "It's very hard for a lot
of organizations to evolve from their original mandates. We're there to fill
gaps, whatever people need us to do, we're there to do." For more information on
Moving Forward visit <a href="http://www.movingforward2015.com"
target="_blank">www.movingforward2015.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vaughan Citizen

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Moving Forward provides a hand up

BYLINE: By Caroline Grech, cgrech@yrmg.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1151  words


When Georgina Lee looks across her desk at her latest client, more often than
not, she knows how she feels. The 46-year-old executive director of Moving
Forward 2015 has a special connection to the programs she oversees at the
charitable organization that provides interest-free, microloans to at-risk
individuals and families. That's because she is no stranger to the perils of
leaving an abusive relationship. Eleven years ago, she left her marriage in
search of a better life for herself and her three small children. "The first
three years were awful.

Even if you have a great social support system, and I did, you fall between the
cracks," Ms Lee said, adding the first years were financially the most
difficult. She, like many others, do not plan past the actual act of leaving.
But once they do, seek refuge shelters and are ready to leave, that's when
Moving Forward is there to lend such things as first and last month's rent. As
Ms Lee leans back in her chair at her Richmond Hill office, she said her first
six years on her own were a roller-coaster, not only emotionally but
financially, too. That struggle meant using food banks, not owning a car, having
utilities cut off and living in government housing. The road started to get less
bumpy when she met her partner, Tony Di Battista, who acts as director and
treasurer for the organization. In addition, Ms Lee's foray into volunteering
led her to Yellow Brick House, which is when she became aware of the need to
help abused women in Vaughan and York Region. "To me it was mind-blowing. The
statistics tell us they get about 1,000 distress calls a year," she recounts.
"It was an eye-opener for those sitting around the table because you think these
are beautiful, multi-million dollar houses, nothing can go wrong behind closed
doors. But domestic violence does not see any social boundary," Ms Lee said.
"There may be a BMW or Mercedes in the driveway, but there's still violence
going on in that home." Ms Lee stresses that nobody knew what went on behind her
closed doors because she went out of her way to hide it out of embarrassment and
fear. "I used to watch people move into our co-op with nothing," Ms Lee
explains. Now, Ms Lee and Mr. Di Battista see the future of Moving Forward as
one that is evolving. The original Next Step program offers microloans, but they
have also launched an education grant program, where money is donated to various
recipients to help with equipment or classes related to education. She admits
she didn't think Moving Forward would get so big so quick. The organization's
fundraising efforts started with Yellow Brick House for items such as winter
jackets. When Ms Lee, Mr. Di Battista and Moving Forward's board members heard
about the YWCA December 6 fund, which offers loans to women fleeing domestic
violence, they were upset to learn the fund helps those in Toronto and Peel.
There was no similar program in York Region. There was not enough funding to
expand the program here. Ms Lee credits Mr. Di Battista with pushing that part
of the program. With a few modifications to the December 6 program, the group
launched Moving Forward's Next Step program. Ms Lee is quick to point out that
100 per cent of money raised goes to the organization. Moving Forward can do
that, in part, because of in-kind donations that helped set up office space and
grants, something she needed to become adept in to make the organization work.
But her work will always be intertwined with her personal experience. "When
women come in here and talk about fear and anxiety issues, I can really relate
to that," Ms Lee said. "I can relate to going to sleep at night and wondering,
OK, if I pay my rent late, I will get a notice from the co-op board, but if I
pay my hydro bill late we're not going to have lights on." One young York Region
resident, who spoke to The Citizen on condition of anonymity, said she got
pregnant and had nowhere to turn. "My daughter's father is not in my life. I was
scraping tooth and nail," she said, adding that because the microloan from
Moving Forward is interest-free, it helped her out immensely. If it weren't for
the program, the young mother said she doesn't know what would have happened to
her and her 15-month-old daughter. The benefits are two-fold, however, because
in paying back her loan, which she has already started doing, she feels
gratified she can help someone else who may be in a similar situation. "It's a
blessing for them to help me, so I want to do my part and not miss my payments,"
she said. The young mother said it is the people who run the unique program who
make it so successful. "It was really worth going. They are honest. There are so
many places you can go and they say they can help you, but then they add to
payment plans," she said. Ms Lee tells her clients that it does get better and
she isn't shy about sharing her story if she thinks it will help them. Moving
Forward was launched a year ago, but the first loans went out in February. When
Ms Lee set up the program, she expected an influx of applications. Instead,
those first few weeks in January were silent. People thought it was too good to
be true, Ms Lee said, now laughing. Things have moved steadily since and now,
Moving Forward has a 36-person waiting list for its microloans, which to date,
account for about $43,000. Of that total, 38 loan recipients are making payments
monthly. Ms Lee hopes in the next few weeks they'll add $14,000 to that total,
thanks, in part, to their latest fundraiser. Moving Forward accepts referrals
from organizations such as Yellow Brick House and Sandgate Women's Shelter.
Councillors can also refer their constituents. "We need the community to support
this program because the money stays in the community, "Ms Lee said. "It's not a
hand-out, it's a hand up. It's a big difference." Mary Ann Proulx, executive
director of Housing Help Centre York Region notes the program is only going to
grow. "It certainly is a program not in existence in York Region. It is a
helping hand and it's addressing a gap that is there," Ms Proulx explains. Mr.
Di Battista stresses the objective of the program is to help men and women and
it will always evolve to fill gaps people encounter in receiving social
services. "It's not a problem that goes away, but we can limit the problem. Two
years ago 1200 calls came into the shelter and they could only help 500 people.
There's 600 or 700 families out there still living with abuse because the
shelter couldn't reach them," Mr. Di Battista says, adding Moving Forward has
the flexibility to evolve unlike other organizations. "It's very hard for a lot
of organizations to evolve from their original mandates. We're there to fill
gaps, whatever people need us to do, we're there to do." For more information on
Moving Forward visit <a target="_blank"
href="http://www.movingforward2015.com">www.movingforward2015.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Microcredit Is Still a Good Tool to Reduce Poverty

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg.

LENGTH: 483 words


To the Editor:

''Many Borrowers of Microloans Now Find the Price Is Too High'' (front page,
April 14) cites interest rates well above 80 percent and gives the impression
that they are common. In fact, according to a study by the Consultative Group to
Assist the Poor, the average interest rate of sustainable microfinance
institutions is 26 percent, and fewer than 1 percent of clients are charged
rates as high as those cited in the article.

Furthermore, because of programs like those promoted by Grameen Foundation to
reduce microfinance borrowing costs and to use technology to increase
efficiencies, interest rates are falling by 2.3 percent a year.

The article implies that advocates of microfinance have claimed that it would
save the world. In fact, no one has made that claim. But a growing body of
research indicates that it helps give poor families access to financial services
they need to improve their lives and better prepare for financial shocks that
could otherwise send them deeper into poverty.

Alex Counts President, Grameen Foundation Washington, April 14, 2010

To the Editor:

Microfinance, the most significant tool of recent decades for poverty reduction,
should be evaluated not only for its financial security dimension, but more
important for the strong social impact it has on nations, the most wide-ranging
being the empowerment of women, particularly in the poorest societies. These
poor, powerless women are quietly bringing such revolutionary changes in
societies that would otherwise have been impossible.

In my work as the United Nations advocate for the world's poorest and most
vulnerable countries, I observed firsthand how communities in those impoverished
countries have freed themselves from the tentacles of poverty and emerged
productive and empowered.

Like all human endeavors, microloans suffer from flaws, but that in no way
diminishes the sea change they continue to bring in the lives of millions of the
poorest of the poor.

Anwarul K. Chowdhury New York, April 14, 2010

The writer is a former under secretary general and high representative of the
United Nations.

To the Editor:

Ensuring that interest rates are high enough to recoup the costs of lending
without gouging the poor is a critical issue for the entire microfinance
industry. While pointing out that many microfinance institutions charge
disturbingly high interest rates, the article discusses little of what is being
done to reduce them.

There are many ways to bring microfinance interest rates down, including
reducing operating costs through the use of technology and increasing
competition and transparency. In mature microfinance markets like Bolivia, for
example, where clients are offered a wide selection of products and providers,
interest rates have steadily declined.

Mary Ellen Iskenderian President and Chief Executive Women's World Banking New
York, April 15, 2010

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Gazette

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

Boost for fashion business

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 278 words


A BURGEONING Paisley fashion business is the first local company to receive a
microloan through Renfrewshire Council's Invest in Renfrewshire programme. Sleek
Fashions, based in the Piazza shopping centre, is using the [#xfffd]5,000 loan
to promote the business and to develop a website to complement the shop.

The firm is also taking on two new members of staff thanks to additional support
from Invest in Renfrewshire, the council's [#xfffd]2.5m programme to support
employment and business locally.

The company has used wage subsidy funding to take on two assistant managers,
Deborah O'Donnell and Emma Christie, both of whom are from Paisley and were
previously unemployed.

Councillor Roy Glen, convener of Renfrewshire Council's Economy and Jobs Policy
Board, said: "We're delighted to be able to help local businesses like Sleek
Fashions to grow and create jobs through the Invest in Renfrewshire programme.

"Since its launch last year, more than 200 businesses have signed up. We are
providing a wide range of services to help them grow and as a result, they are
creating employment opportunities for unemployed young people across
Renfrewshire." Samina Baig, director of Sleek Fashions, said: "The business is
going really well so I'm using the loan to take it to the next level by
developing the website to increase online sales.

"It's great that Invest in Renfrewshire is available to help businesses like
mine and I'm looking forward to expanding the company and taking on more young
people like Deborah and Emma." For more information on microloans, wage
subsidies and other support available from Invest in Renfrewshire go to
www.investinrenfrewshire.com or call 0300 3000 144.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

Standard Chartered Bank extends P80-M loan to microlender

LENGTH: 576  words


STANDARD Chartered Bank, the longest serving foreign bank in the country, has
extended a loan worth P80 million to one of the country's largest and most
active microfinance loan providers.

The loan will directly benefit thousands of low-income Filipinos who may borrow
as much as P6,000 per transaction from ASA Philippines, a microfinance loan
provider and one of the country's largest.

Such loans typically entail interest costs affordable to microloan borrowers who
may not count on the larger lenders such as rural and cooperative banks for
financing because they are compelled to observe a particular lending standard.

"Standard Chartered Bank Philippines and ASA Philippines Foundation Inc. [ASA],
signed a credit facility for P80 million that will be used to support the
development of microenterprises in the Philippines," the British-owned lender
said in a statement sent by e-mail on Friday.

Microlending is one of the more urgent advocacies pushed by the Bangko Sentral
ng Pilipinas (BSP) in the 1990s and has attracted the interest of some of the
more socially responsible lenders in the country who realize that while the
lending volume is rather small, the incidence of default is very nil.

Microlending institutions soon realized that microborrowers pay back what they
owe far more conscientiously than do the more affluent borrowers as repayment
rates typically hit 99.9 percent.

As a business, the microlending model has extended loans worth P8.2 billion at
the moment, far more than total outstanding microloans worth only P8 billion,
based on a BSP status report.

"This is a 93-percent increase over the same period in 2012 and an increase of
over 362 percent from the level five years ago of just P1.78 billion. This is a
testimony that the entrepreneurial poor are capable of saving and is contrary to
the customary belief that the poor do not save," the BSP reported.

ASA began operations in 2004 with the goal of delivering the most
cost-effective, efficient and client-responsive microfinance services to the
entrepreneurial poor at the cheapest rate.

It also aims to be self-sustainable and be the best-managed microfinance
provider in the Philippines. Through its microfinance program, ASA hopes to
alleviate poverty by providing the poor and marginalized sectors of society with
sustainable microfinance services (lending, savings and insurance products),
while maintaining a high portfolio quality.

In addition to providing financial services, ASA also provides business skills
training and marketing support to qualified clients. Furthermore, ASA grants
academic scholarships and disaster assistance for clients and their children.

ASA plans to continue its rapid expansion, and by the end of 2013, it aims to
have over 800 thousand borrowers with a gross loan portfolio of P3.20 billion.
Majority of the growth will be in chronically underserved and unbanked areas on
the island of Mindanao and specific islands in the Visayas region.

Standard Chartered Bank Philippines began to ramp up its support to the
Philippine microfinance industry in 2010, when it provided its first
microfinance loan in the Philippines to CARD Bank, one of the largest MFIs in
the Philippines, with over 350 thousand active borrowers and an asset size of
$98 million.

This loan was subsequently followed by a similar loan facility in 2011 to Tulay
sa Pag-Unlad Inc., another leading MFI with over 280 thousand active borrowers
and an asset size of $70 million.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             October 2, 2011 Sunday

Business Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 740 words


COLUMN: BUSINESS BRIEFS

Former HP building sold

MARLBORO - The Hewlett-Packard Co. buildings at 200 Forest St. and 2 Results Way
in Marlboro have been sold for $8.7 million to Atlantic-Marlboro Realty.

Joseph Zink, president of Atlantic Management in Framingham, which controls
Atlantic-Marlboro Realty, said that the company currently has no definitive
plans for the site.

"We have completed an extensive analysis of how potential uses would fit," he
said in a response to an emailed question. "We have also had conversations with
hotel, retail, residential and medical users."

The site consists of 110 acres with two buildings totaling 750,000 square feet,
according to Mr. Zink. The site can accommodate 1.5 million square feet of
office space, with surface parking, and up to 2.4 million square feet of office
space, he said.

"Our approach in developing this site is when we arrive at a plan and find a
user that the site makes sense, we would meet with the city and the neighbors
and discuss our development plans with them, and listen to their input and
ideas," Mr. Zink wrote. "We have utilized this approach successfully in both
Lexington and Burlington resulting in projects that worked well for the
community, tenant and ourselves."

WTAG, Sharks deal

WORCESTER - The games of the Worcester Sharks will be broadcast live on NewsTalk
580AM and 94.9 WTAG-FM through the 2013-14 American Hockey League season.

The 76-game schedule will be announced by the hockey club's director of public
relations, Eric Lindquist, who returns for his fifth season of play-by-play for
the Sharks, the minor league affiliate of the San Jose Sharks who play their
home games at the DCU Center.

The Worcester Sharks open the 2011-12 season on Saturday, Oct. 15, at the DCU
Center.

CitySquare plans

WORCESTER - City Manager Michael V. O'Brien told the city council last week that
he continues to work closely with the parties involved with the CitySquare
redevelopment project about its further build-out.

He told the City Council Tuesday night he hopes to come before the council
within the next two months regarding plans for a residential development and a
full-service hotel.

Mr. O'Brien said momentum continues on CitySquare despite the stagnant economy.

He said the demolition of portions of the former Worcester Common Outlets mall
and the parking garage are complete, allowing for work to begin on the parcels
where the Unum office building and St. Vincent Hospital's cancer center will be
built.

"I continue to work very closely with (the CitySquare developer) and due
diligence is currently being done for a residential component and a full-service
hotel," the manager said. "I expect to come before the City Council in the next
few months about these plans. In this economy, just to have these conversations
ongoing is very promising."

Microloans grant

GARDNER - RCAP Solutions Financial Services, an alternative lender that provides
loans to small businesses and homeowners in Central Massachusetts, has received
a $40,695 grant from the Bank of America Small Business Reserve Grant program.

The grant will support RCAP's loan loss reserve provision, allowing it to access
more capital from the U.S. Small Business Administration for microlending.

Through Aug. 31 of the SBA's fiscal year, RCAP had made 15 microloans totaling
$254,900, up from three loans in the last fiscal year, according to Robert H.
Nelson, district director of the SBA's Massachusetts District Office.

That puts RCAP on track to be the SBA's No. 1 microlender in Massachusetts, he
said. "It's great activity. I am extremely pleased with RCAP."

Microlending activity has improved this year overall, said Mr. Nelson, with
loans totaling $1.4 million statewide, up from $859,000 a year ago.

SBA microloans are for $50,000 and less.

New headquarters

WORCESTER - Whipple Construction, a 102-year old construction firm based in
Worcester, opened its new corporate headquarters at 446 Main St. on Sept. 23.

The new owner of Whipple Construction, Geoff Evancic, was joined at a recent
ribbon-cutting by Mayor Joseph P. O'Brien. Mr. O'Brien presented longtime
Whipple Construction employee Christian Baehrecke with a key to the city. Mr.
Baehrecke, who oversaw many projects in and around Worcester, including the
restoration of Mechanics Hall, has been with Whipple for 55 years. He also
received a Citation of Recognition for his outstanding service to Central
Massachusetts from Gov. Deval L. Patrick.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former HP building sold MARLBORO - The Hewlett-Packard Co. buildings at
200 Forest St. and 2 Results Way in Marlboro have been sold for $8.7 million to
Atlantic-Marlboro Realty. Joseph Zink, president of Atlantic Management in
Framingham, which controls Atlantic-Marlboro Realty, said that the company
currently has no definitive plans for the site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                             October 2, 2011 Sunday

Business Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 736 words


Former HP building sold

MARLBORO - The Hewlett-Packard Co. buildings at 200 Forest St. and 2 Results Way
in Marlboro have been sold for $8.7 million to Atlantic-Marlboro Realty.

Joseph Zink, president of Atlantic Management in Framingham, which controls
Atlantic-Marlboro Realty, said that the company currently has no definitive
plans for the site.

"We have completed an extensive analysis of how potential uses would fit," he
said in a response to an emailed question. "We have also had conversations with
hotel, retail, residential and medical users."

The site consists of 110 acres with two buildings totaling 750,000 square feet,
according to Mr. Zink. The site can accommodate 1.5 million square feet of
office space, with surface parking, and up to 2.4 million square feet of office
space, he said.

"Our approach in developing this site is when we arrive at a plan and find a
user that the site makes sense, we would meet with the city and the neighbors
and discuss our development plans with them, and listen to their input and
ideas," Mr. Zink wrote. "We have utilized this approach successfully in both
Lexington and Burlington resulting in projects that worked well for the
community, tenant and ourselves."

WTAG, Sharks deal

WORCESTER - The games of the Worcester Sharks will be broadcast live on NewsTalk
580AM and 94.9 WTAG-FM through the 2013-14 American Hockey League season.

The 76-game schedule will be announced by the hockey club's director of public
relations, Eric Lindquist, who returns for his fifth season of play-by-play for
the Sharks, the minor league affiliate of the San Jose Sharks who play their
home games at the DCU Center.

The Worcester Sharks open the 2011-12 season on Saturday, Oct. 15, at the DCU
Center.

CitySquare plans

WORCESTER - City Manager Michael V. O'Brien told the city council last week that
he continues to work closely with the parties involved with the CitySquare
redevelopment project about its further build-out.

He told the City Council Tuesday night he hopes to come before the council
within the next two months regarding plans for a residential development and a
full-service hotel.

Mr. O'Brien said momentum continues on CitySquare despite the stagnant economy.

He said the demolition of portions of the former Worcester Common Outlets mall
and the parking garage are complete, allowing for work to begin on the parcels
where the Unum office building and St. Vincent Hospital's cancer center will be
built.

"I continue to work very closely with (the CitySquare developer) and due
diligence is currently being done for a residential component and a full-service
hotel," the manager said. "I expect to come before the City Council in the next
few months about these plans. In this economy, just to have these conversations
ongoing is very promising."

Microloans grant

GARDNER - RCAP Solutions Financial Services, an alternative lender that provides
loans to small businesses and homeowners in Central Massachusetts, has received
a $40,695 grant from the Bank of America Small Business Reserve Grant program.

The grant will support RCAP's loan loss reserve provision, allowing it to access
more capital from the U.S. Small Business Administration for microlending.

Through Aug. 31 of the SBA's fiscal year, RCAP had made 15 microloans totaling
$254,900, up from three loans in the last fiscal year, according to Robert H.
Nelson, district director of the SBA's Massachusetts District Office.

That puts RCAP on track to be the SBA's No. 1 microlender in Massachusetts, he
said. "It's great activity. I am extremely pleased with RCAP."

Microlending activity has improved this year overall, said Mr. Nelson, with
loans totaling $1.4 million statewide, up from $859,000 a year ago.

SBA microloans are for $50,000 and less.

New headquarters

WORCESTER - Whipple Construction, a 102-year old construction firm based in
Worcester, opened its new corporate headquarters at 446 Main St. on Sept. 23.

The new owner of Whipple Construction, Geoff Evancic, was joined at a recent
ribbon-cutting by Mayor Joseph P. O'Brien. Mr. O'Brien presented longtime
Whipple Construction employee Christian Baehrecke with a key to the city. Mr.
Baehrecke, who oversaw many projects in and around Worcester, including the
restoration of Mechanics Hall, has been with Whipple for 55 years. He also
received a Citation of Recognition for his outstanding service to Central
Massachusetts from Gov. Deval L. Patrick.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Microfinance Focus

                            June 27, 2012 Wednesday

Kiva City LA aims at expanding awareness on microfinance opportunities

LENGTH: 746 words

DATELINE: India


India, June 27 -- An initiative known as 'Kiva City Los Angeles (LA), that
enables anyone with access to the internet a chance to support small business
owners, local economies, and local jobs in Los Angeles was launched recently.
This program aims at expanding awareness and availability of microfinance
opportunities among small business owners and aspiring owners in the Greater Los
Angeles Area. Kiva City LA is a collaboration between the Mayor's Office of
Small Business; VEDC (Valley Economic Development Center), Kiva, and Visa Inc.

Mayor Villaraigosa, said, "Small businesses are the backbone of our local
economy. There is no shortage of passionate and successful small business owners
in Los Angeles who, collectively, have the power to accelerate job growth and
economic opportunity for all of us. We are thrilled to partner with Kiva and
VEDC to help Angelenos bridge the lending gap and help small businesses thrive."

Microloans and small dollar loans are vital for small businesses for speed up
job growth and economic recovery in LA and across the nation. Small businesses
create two out of every three new jobs, employ over half of private sector
employees, and produce over half of the nonfarm GDP, stated the U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA). LA alone has 325,000 small businesses employing
nearly 2 million people, making LA the nation's largest small business
community.

Roberto Barragan, President and CEO of VEDC , said, "When small businesses do
well, local and national economies do well -- local jobs are created and
communities are strengthened. The small business owners and aspiring owners that
we work with have all the elements of success -- except access to capital and
training to start or expand their businesses. Over the past three years VEDC has
lent $25.8 million to 480 small and micro businesses, supporting the creation of
1,082 new jobs and 240 new businesses. VEDC's partnership with Kiva City LA and
the Mayor's Office of Small Business will allow for the expansion of our efforts
in Los Angeles as we strive to support small business and make economic dreams a
reality."

SBA states that microloans can be difficult to find because the cost to banks
for processing loans of $50,000 is nearly the same as processing a $1 million
loan. Thomson Reuters/PayNet released a report showing that lending to small
businesses fell for the fourth month in a row and is at the slowest annual
growth rate in two years.

Kiva City LA aims to fill the lending gap for small businesses through crowd
funding $1,000 to $10,000 loans. VEDC will use their extensive networks to
identify qualified small businesses in the LA area that would benefit from a
loan and then post their profiles on Kiva.org.

Premal Shah, President of Kiva, said, "A crowd of people lending to a business
owner on Kiva.org gives each of us a chance to support thriving local economies,
communities and jobs. If the money stored in our wallets was given a new life
for a short amount of time, as a loan to a small business owner, each of us
could help to shape the course and success of the economy. A single loan, a
single business or a single job can change the trajectory of families,
communities, and cities."

Douglas Michelman, Global Head of Corporate Relations for Visa Inc, said, "Visa
has a long-standing commitment to small business and financial inclusion. Kiva
City LA brings those together by making it possible for small business owners to
start or grow a business when they might not be able to otherwise. This can be
the critical first step for business owners to create jobs and realize long-term
financial success."

Kiva City LA is part of the broader Kiva City program working to expand access
to capital to small businesses in the U.S. VEDC (Valley Economic Development
Center) is a non-profit small business lender in metro Los Angeles and offers
direct micro and small business loans as well as SBA 7(a) and SBA 504 loans.
Kiva is a non-profit organization working to alleviate poverty by connecting
people around the world through micro lending. Visa is a global payments
technology company that connects consumers, businesses, financial institutions
and governments in more than 200 countries and territories to fast, secure and
reliable digital currency Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Microfinance Focus. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                     Copyright 2012 Ekayana Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 23, 1999, Wednesday, Edition 1

ABIDJAN CONFERENCE PROVIDING THE POOREST WITH MICROLOANS

BYLINE: Alan Cassels

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 782 words




Continually judged by the United Nations as the most blessed citizens in the
world, Canadians should think about the legacy we want to leave on the eve of
the new millennium.

Will we build great monuments? Tributes to music and the arts? How about
planting the seeds to bring about the end of poverty on earth?

We have the perfect opportunity to do the latter.

Tomorrow, Friday and Saturday at the Meeting of Councils of the Microcredit
Summit in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire government leaders, aid agencies,
philanthropists and banks from over 68 countries are meeting on how to advance
the cause of microcredit-the provision of small loans, mainly to women in the
developing world, to enable them to create their own businesses and lift their
families out of poverty.

Microcredit is a model of grassroots poverty reduction born from the assumption
that people need not a hand-out, but a hand-up, in order to build strong
sustainable livelihoods for themselves and their families.

When $50 for a few cows or a sewing machine is all that separates a family from
dire poverty, microloan programs around the world are proving that poverty can
be alleviated when banking services reach people on the financial scale that
best suits them.

Mohammed Yunus, the U.S.-trained economist and founder of the Grameen Bank in
Bangladesh sums up the position of the microcredit movement when he declares
that ''access to credit is a basic human right.''

The idea of loaning money in small amounts to help people pull themselves out of
poverty coalesced at the world's first Microcredit Summit in Washington, D. C.
in February of 1997.

As a microcredit advocate, I attended that summit along with 2,500 other
delegates from governments and aid agencies around the world. We committed
ourselves to reaching 100 million of the world's poorest families, especially
the women of those families, with microcredit by the year 2005. Two years into
this goal, the meeting in Abidjan this month is a check-up to see how we are
doing so far.

When $50 for a few cows or a sewing machine is all that separates a family from
dire poverty, microloan programs around the world are proving that poverty can
be alleviated With Madame Huguette Labelle, the head of the Canadian
 International Development Agency (CIDA), co-chairing one of this
 year's sessions, and with Minister of International Cooperation,
 Diane Marleau recently telling parliament that CIDA would ensure
 that the poorest have access to microcredit, one would think that
 Canada would be uniquely placed to be a leader in reaching these
 100 million poorest families.

 The problem is that CIDA supports microcredit programs but will not commit to
making sure the loans target the poorest.

Nor does it even verify that there is a systematic inclusion of the poorest in
its programming. This is an inexcusable position.

It is easy to set up programs that deal out $5000 loans to people who have
street addresses, are numerically literate, and can write business plans.

It is not so easy to seek out those at the bottom of the heap who would not even
know where to begin to look for credit for self-employment but would only need
$50 to create a sustainable livelihood.

But funding ''easy'' programs is not a central mandate of our development aid.
Eradicating poverty is.

It is important to note that if we do not even know whether we are reaching the
poorest, then we are being dishonest to Canadian taxpayers about the main
purpose of our foreign assistance: helping those who have the most to gain from
our help.

Abidjan will provide the ideal opportunity for CIDA to prove that it is more
than just talking about using microcredit to end poverty. Experience over the
last three decades has shown that even slight improvements in the finances of
extremely poor people lead to fewer malnourished children, fewer infants likely
to die and more daughters able to attend primary school.

It means allowing the world's most marginalized people a dignified way to end
the perpetual cycle of despair and poverty which traditional aid programs never
seem to break. Canadians can be proud that our development agency is embracing
microcredit as a central tool for poverty reduction.

At Abidjan, Canada can demonstrate to the world that targeting the poorest with
microcredit funding is a millennium project worth talking about-and one that
will see Canadian aid making the most impact on eradicating the scourge of
absolute poverty on the globe.

Alan Cassels is a health program consultant in Vancouver and attended the
world's first Microcredit Summit in Washington, D.C., in 1997.


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             AMERICAN MICROLOAN LLC

                            2125 Center Ave Ste 104
                              Fort Lee,  NJ 07024
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (201) 592-9925
URL: www.americanmicroloan.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   American Microloan, LLC (AML) founded in 2001, is a credit card receivable
financing company created to help small business owners succeed by offering a
variety of loan financing options. Since our inception, we have been providing
small businesses with an alternative to traditional bank financing, which is
very difficult to obtain and out of reach for most merchants. We understand that
as a small business owner, traditional bank financing may simply not be an
option. Before AML, merchants had no alternative to traditional bank loans
except for outrageously expensive factoring-type financing. These merchant
advance companies were thriving at the merchant's expense because they had no
real competition. AML is an alternative to outrageously expensive factoring-type
merchant advances. We understand our clients' needs and are able to offer an
alternative at an affordable price. Best of all, we can offer rates considerably
lower than the national average for credit card receivable financing. Our
financing typically costs our clients 60-80 percent less than our competition.
Plus, you can be assured you are working with a company with integrity. We are
the only financing company in the industry to disclose complete financing
information on our website. Our experience allows us to bring direct benefits to
you, our clients. You can be assured you will always receive the best service,
including:, Quick turnaround times, Low rate financing, Flexible paymentsAt
American Microloan we want

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 3,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             August 24, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Area banks make cut in SBA's top 30 lenders

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 722 words


Two of Western New York's large banks are among the nation's top 10 Small
Business Administration lenders, while a third institution has moved up the
ranks into the top 30 despite being among the smallest banks in the country.

As of the end of July, Buffalo-based M&T Bank Corp. was the nation's
ninth-largest SBA lender, with 587 loans nationwide, totaling $63.69 million. Of
that, $42.6 million was guaranteed by the SBA under its flagship 7(a) lending
program.

Citizens Financial Group of Providence, R.I., parent of Citizens Bank, was a
notch higher, at No. 8, with 622 loans totaling $33.8 million, including $17.47
million backed by the SBA. Citizens is the fifth-largest bank in Western New
York.

KeyCorp's KeyBank and Bank of America Corp. also made the top tier, coming in
16th and 18th, respectively. KeyBank made 370 loans for $68.88 million, while
Bank of America made 294 loans for $13.96 million. Key is the third-largest bank
in Western New York, while Bank of America is the fourth.

All are among the largest banks in the country by assets, so their high ranking
is not a surprise.

What is more remarkable is who comes in No. 26: Five Star Bank, the subsidiary
of Financial Institutions of Warsaw, in rural Wyoming County. That's 26, out of
2,000 SBA lenders.

"Five Star Bank is proud to be one of the top SBA lenders nationwide," said Five
Star CEO Peter G. Humphrey. "Our increased rankings reflect our continued
commitment to this critical business segment."

Through July, Five Star had made 173 loans, for $8.76 million, with $5.2 million
guaranteed by the SBA. That's just ahead of Fifth Third Bancorp of Cincinnati
and four spots ahead of HSBC Bank USA.

To be sure, Five Star's tally is just under one-third the number of loans that
M&T made, and just 14 percent of the dollars. Then again, M&T is 35 times as
large in assets and has 16 times the number of branches as Five Star, which has
just $2 billion in assets and 50 branches.

Five Star increased its national ranking from 30th for the same period last
year, as it increased the number of loans it originated by 25 percent, from 136.
The bank ranks second in both loans and dollars in the SBA's Buffalo district,
including Rochester, and second for number of loans in the Syracuse district,
which extends to Albany. It's the top lender to veteran-owned businesses.

"The SBA has been working hand-in-hand with Five Star Bank, who includes small
businesses as a key segment," said SBA Buffalo District director Franklin J.
Sciortino. "Our goal is to expand participation in the SBA programs . . . and
the continued success of Five Star Bank will have a great impact."

Meanwhile, the SBA said last week that it is expanding its Microloan program and
increasing access to capital for small businesses nationwide using additional
funds allocated to it from the stimulus package, formally called the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

The ARRA provided an additional $50 million for loans and $24 million for
technical assistance to the SBA, which had exhausted the regular fiscal year
appropriation of just $20 million for loans and $20 million for technical
assistance.

The SBA said it will use the added resources to recruit new lenders to its
programs and encourage entrepreneurs to seek out microlenders with SBA backing
to finance their businesses. The agency has already approved eight new
applications from lenders to join its microloan program and has 15 new loans to
microlenders for $10.7 million ready to be disbursed.

SBA's Microloan program provides microlenders with up to $3.5 million in
low-cost loans from the agency to finance their lending to the smallest of
businesses. The lenders use the money to lend up to $35,000 to entrepreneurs for
working capital and the purchase of materials, supplies, furniture, fixtures and
equipment. The agency also provides grants to the lenders to pay for technical
assistance and counseling for their borrowers.

Last month, the agency also announced that it can provide surety bond guarantees
on federal contracts valued at up to $10 million, if the contracting officer
attests that the guarantee is in the government's interests. That's twice the $5
million bond guarantee level initially implemented in March, through September
2010, on all public and private contracts and subcontracts.

e-mail: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: Rs6 billion micro loans given to the poor

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Dec. 27 -- Two loan cycles under Chief Minister Self Employment Scheme
(CMSES) have been completed through which Rs 6 billion worth micro loans are
disbursed and recovered with recovery rate of 99.85 per cent.

Dr Amjad Saqib, founder of Akhuwat Foundation, an unconventional microfinance
organisation disbursing these loans on behalf of the Punjab government, talking
to media said that so far over Rs 8.5 billion cumulative disbursement had been
made under CMSES.

The Punjab government has approved Rs 5 billion fund for poverty eradication.
This fund has been given to Akhuwat Foundation as a loan for five years of term
through a bidding process. Under the scheme, the Akhuwat Foundation will
disburse the micro loans to the poorest of the poor of the province through
small loans with maximum loan size of Rs 50,000 to a family with zero mark-up.
The borrower will return this amount to the foundation on easy monthly repayment
plan.

Under the CMSES, so far Rs 3 billion has been given to the foundation while
another tranche of Rs 500 million will be released in one week or so and rest of
Rs 1.5 billion by the end of ongoing fiscal year, said Amjad Saqib.

He pointed out that the foundation has completed two loan cycles with initially
given Rs 3 billion to worth of Rs 6 billion while third cycle is under way.
Under the CMSES, so far by end of November 2014, 483,376 numbers of microloans
were disbursed out of which over 40 per cent 205,622 were given to the females.

Out of total 483,376 loans, 253,883 loans are currently active while remaining
have completed their repayment or loan cycle. However, continues process of
recycling of these microloans has been under process through which 8.520 billion
calmative disbursements successfully done under the CMSES, he added.

The biggest success of the programme is that the recovery rate is 99.85 per cent
which the highest in any government as well as microfinance loans in Pakistan.

Dr Amjad Saqib on a question of political influence or involvement in
disbursement of the loans said that the foundation cleared it to the CM at the
start of the scheme that no such wishes would be entertained. As a result of it
not a single request or influence has come to the foundation from any political
person so far in the scheme, he added.

The foundation has been working in all districts of Punjab under the CMSES.
Other than Punjab it has established network across Pakistan in every province.
In other provinces the foundation has been disbursing microfinance loans through
its own money, he said, adding that in Gilgit Baltistan the foundation has
largest network than any other microfinance institutions working in Pakistan.

Dr Amjad Saqib said the foundation has so far disbursed Rs 12 billion
microfinance loans in Pakistan through which almost Rs 50 billion worth wealth
generated among the poorest of the poor of the country. "When money comes into
the circulation it generates economy activities while the money circulation
level in the poor is higher than the rich", he added.

Poverty leads to ignorance and extremism which ultimately goes to terrorism, he
added.

He said CMSES created trust among the poorest of the poor. This has given sense
of ownership to them that they are not alone and aloof to fight poverty rather
the state and society is with them to combat poverty, he added.

On a question that Akhuwat Foundation will go for such project in KP, Dr Amjad
Saqib said that the KP government was running its own poverty eradication
programme.

About future working plan with the government of Punjab, he said it all depends
on the government. So far experience of working with the government is good and
no interference and political influence come in loan disbursement, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 26, 2014 Friday

Rs6 billion micro loans given to the poor

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Two loan cycles under Chief Minister Self Employment Scheme (CMSES) have been
completed through which Rs 6 billion worth micro loans are disbursed and
recovered with recovery rate of 99.85 per cent.

Dr Amjad Saqib, founder of Akhuwat Foundation, an unconventional microfinance
organisation disbursing these loans on behalf of the Punjab government, talking
to media said that so far over Rs 8.5 billion cumulative disbursement had been
made under CMSES.



The Punjab government has approved Rs 5 billion fund for poverty eradication.
This fund has been given to Akhuwat Foundation as a loan for five years of term
through a bidding process. Under the scheme, the Akhuwat Foundation will
disburse the micro loans to the poorest of the poor of the province through
small loans with maximum loan size of Rs 50,000 to a family with zero mark-up.
The borrower will return this amount to the foundation on easy monthly repayment
plan.

Under the CMSES, so far Rs 3 billion has been given to the foundation while
another tranche of Rs 500 million will be released in one week or so and rest of
Rs 1.5 billion by the end of ongoing fiscal year, said Amjad Saqib.

He pointed out that the foundation has completed two loan cycles with initially
given Rs 3 billion to worth of Rs 6 billion while third cycle is under way.
Under the CMSES, so far by end of November 2014, 483,376 numbers of microloans
were disbursed out of which over 40 per cent 205,622 were given to the females.


Out of total 483,376 loans, 253,883 loans are currently active while remaining
have completed their repayment or loan cycle. However, continues process of
recycling of these microloans has been under process through which 8.520 billion
calmative disbursements successfully done under the CMSES, he added.

The biggest success of the programme is that the recovery rate is 99.85 per cent
which the highest in any government as well as microfinance loans in Pakistan.

Dr Amjad Saqib on a question of political influence or involvement in
disbursement of the loans said that the foundation cleared it to the CM at the
start of the scheme that no such wishes would be entertained. As a result of it
not a single request or influence has come to the foundation from any political
person so far in the scheme, he added.

The foundation has been working in all districts of Punjab under the CMSES.
Other than Punjab it has established network across Pakistan in every province.
In other provinces the foundation has been disbursing microfinance loans through
its own money, he said, adding that in Gilgit Baltistan the foundation has
largest network than any other microfinance institutions working in Pakistan.

Dr Amjad Saqib said the foundation has so far disbursed Rs 12 billion
microfinance loans in Pakistan through which almost Rs 50 billion worth wealth
generated among the poorest of the poor of the country. "When money comes into
the circulation it generates economy activities while the money circulation
level in the poor is higher than the rich", he added.

Poverty leads to ignorance and extremism which ultimately goes to terrorism, he
added.

He said CMSES created trust among the poorest of the poor. This has given sense
of ownership to them that they are not alone and aloof to fight poverty rather
the state and society is with them to combat poverty, he added.

On a question that Akhuwat Foundation will go for such project in KP, Dr Amjad
Saqib said that the KP government was running its own poverty eradication
programme.

About future working plan with the government of Punjab, he said it all depends
on the government. So far experience of working with the government is good and
no interference and political influence come in loan disbursement, he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Savannah Morning News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 28, 2009 Sunday

Start your business now ... seriously

BYLINE: Arlinda Smith Broady, Savannah Morning News, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 3041 words


Jun. 28--With unemployment up, consumer spending down and the housing market
still uncertain, now probably doesn't seem like the best time to branch out and
start your own business.

A recent study from the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation found, however, that
more than half of the companies on the 2009 Fortune 500 list were launched
during a recession or bear market. That's in addition to nearly half of the
firms on the 2008 Inc. list of America's fastest-growing companies.

The report, titled "The Economic Future Just Happened," also suggests a broader
economic trend, with job creation from startup companies proving to be less
volatile and sensitive to downturns when compared with the overall economy.

Some advantages of starting a business now:

-- Lowered rent and more locations to choose from.

-- A qualified labor force, obtainable for less money.

-- When times get better, it will be easier to manage.

Lynn Vos, area director of the University of Georgia's Small Business
Development Center, agreed that solid businesses can thrive during an economic
slump.

"Just as you do when times are good, you have to have a solid business plan that
addresses a need and has a substantial market," she said.

She said potential business owners must ask themselves tough questions and be
willing to work hard to make their dream a reality.

Even though Dan Fischer already had an established practice in Windsor, Ontario,
Canada, he and his wife, Sarah, faced different obstacles in opening his
Savannah business, Sciatica & Disc Center, early this year.

"With the worsening economy in the Detroit area, we'd been thinking about moving
for a while," Dan Fischer said.

The couple looked at locations along the East Coast with a warmer climate in
mind. They researched demographics and found the Coastal Empire supplied a
client base that could use their services and could afford them. Because the
nonsurgical procedure doesn't use traditional chiropractic technology, it's a
little more costly.

Once Dan Fischer received his U.S. citizenship, the couple got busy readying the
new business. What they thought would be a snap took three to four months.

A business license, a tax identification number, business insurance and licenses
to practice in Georgia all took time. All the while they searched for the right
place to locate and tried to secure financing.

After working with a few real estate agents, they found a new office park on
West Montgomery Crossroad that suits their needs and will allow for expansion.
The obstacle they couldn't overcome, however, was funding.

Dan's Canadian credit didn't count this side of the border.

"It's a good thing we already had equipment from the other office," he said.

But even that didn't hold them back. The center has been open for two months,
and they already have seven steady patients.

"This experience has taught us to be creative and keep our overhead low," Sarah
Fischer said.

Funding is perhaps the scariest part of striking out on your own, said Tony
O'Reilly, president of Savannah's Small Business Assistance Corporation.

His organization manages nine loan programs sponsored by the U.S. Small Business
Administration and the city of Savannah.

"A business plan and a loan package are two different things," he said. "You
have to have realistic projections that address your weaknesses and highlight
your strengths."

And although there is money to be loaned, a good credit score is more important
now than ever.

"The average credit score needs to be higher now than a year ago to get a bank
to look at you," said O'Reilly, adding that 670 or 680 is a good starting point.

Another obstacle to obtaining credit is experience, O'Reilly said.

"The thinking is you won't be successful in the restaurant business if you've
never worked in a commercial kitchen," he said. "If it's something you really
want to do, at least work in a fast-food place for a year."

Lack of restaurant experience didn't keep Paula Letcher from opening bar -- food
with her partner, John Baker, in February.

She'd always wanted to run a bar, and she and Baker got to talking and
eventually put some ideas on paper.

Baker had owned Queenies To Go Go, a midtown eatery that closed last year.

The two searched for a neighborhood spot with good foot traffic. They found it
in the Habersham Village shopping center. But they jumped numerous hurdles with
city engineers and permitting because the establishment was close to a school.

"Working those things out took six months, but I always wanted to do this, so we
stuck it out," Letcher said.

The restaurant/bar opened in February and has been going strong.

"We've gone beyond our projections, which were pretty conservative," she said.

She advises those who want to go into the food-service business to do their
homework.

"You can't do too much research," she said.

The delays cost time and money, but finding the right place made the difference.

"We keep the food clean, simple and upscale," Letcher said. "This is a place
where you can meet your neighbors and chat. ... It's a really community place."

With about 70 percent of restaurants failing in the first year, it's a wonder
that so many people are drawn to opening them.

Shelley Smith owned the wine bar Venus de Milo for seven years before she sold
the business.

She opened Eos, a food and wine bar, about a year ago and opened Sol, a
contemporary restaurant serving Southwestern and Caribbean food, a month ago.

She surrounds herself with great, professional people who want to see the
business succeed.

That's key, agreed the Fischers. They'd advise anyone starting out to realize
their limitations and seek the best help they can afford.

"I took a Quick Books class, but we hired an accountant to do our books," Dan
Fischer said. And they hired a receptionist to help with the office so he and
his wife can concentrate on caring for patients.

Smith recently hired George Jackson, who previously owned George's on Tybee and
North Beach Grill.

"He understands my vision, and he's got my back," she said.

Working 16-hour days, Smith says she doesn't do it for the money.

"I have to love it, or I couldn't do it," she said. "It fills up my time and
space, and I get to be independent and creative and in control."

Stimulus bill enhances small business loans

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act attacks several problems facing small
businesses by reducing fees, guaranteeing a greater share of certain loans,
expanding capacity in the Microloan program, providing new loans to help small
businesses keep their doors open through economic hardship, as well as new
mechanisms to help unfreeze the secondary markets for SBA-backed loans. Here's a
synopsis of the highlights:

90 PERCENT GUARANTEE

The bill allows SBA to raise its loan guarantee to as much as 90 percent for
some loans. Increasing the SBA guarantee percentage will encourage lenders to
extend more capital to small businesses by increasing the share covered by an
SBA guarantee. BUSINESS STABILIZATION LOANS

The bill creates a new SBA loan program to provide deferred-payment loans of up
to $35,000 to viable small businesses that need the money to make payments on an
existing, qualifying loan for up to six months. These loans will be 100 percent
guaranteed by SBA. Repayment would not have to begin until 12 months after the
loan is fully disbursed.

MICROLOANS

The bill expands SBA's Microloan program, which provides small loans (up to
$35,000) paired with technical assistance to start-up, newly established or
growing small businesses. The bill provides funding to increase loans from SBA
to participating Microlenders by $50 million through Sept. 30, 2010, and adds
$24 million in grants to provide technical assistance to borrowers.
Historically, these loans reach low-income individuals, women and minorities in
both rural and urban areas. Expanding this program through the stimulus bill
will help ensure these entrepreneurs are not left behind in the credit crunch.
REFINANCING

The bill also gives SBA the power to use the 504 Certified Development Company
program to refinance existing loans for fixed assets, providing fresh support
for small business expansion. This change will help business owners expand their
current development projects and create jobs in their communities.

SECONDARY MARKET EXPANSION

The bill authorizes SBA to establish a secondary market for pools of "first
lien" loans under the 504 program. Providing liquidity for these first mortgages
will help encourage lenders to continue participating in SBA's 504 loan program,
which provides a key source of capital for community development and other
projects. The bill also empowers SBA to set up a Secondary Market Lending
Authority that would make direct loans to broker-dealers that participate in the
secondary market for SBA-guaranteed 7(a) loans. INVESTMENT PROGRAM

The bill helps SBA-licensed Small Business Investment Companies and families of
SBIC funds better leverage the capital they use to invest in small businesses.
The bill sets maximum levels of funding the agency can provide to these
companies at up to three times the private capital raised by those companies, or
$150 million, whichever is less. It also raises the percentage any one SBIC can
invest in a single small business to 10 percent of total capital, and raises
from 20 percent to 25 percent the percentage of any licensee's dollar
investments that must be made in "smaller" businesses.

SURETY BONDS

The bill also raises the maximum contract amount that can be covered by an SBA
guaranteed surety bond from $2 million to $5 million, and, under certain
circumstances, for contracts amounting to $10 million, and provides additional
funds to cover the costs of expanding this program. Small businesses need surety
bonds in order to bid on and obtain many federal and other contracts. SBA
guarantees surety bonds to small businesses that private surety companies would
not otherwise be able to extend.

Source: www.sba.gov

Stimulus bill enhances small business loans

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act attacks several problems facing small
businesses by reducing fees, guaranteeing a greater share of certain loans,
expanding capacity in the Microloan program, providing new loans to help small
businesses keep their doors open through economic hardship, as well as new
mechanisms to help unfreeze the secondary markets for SBA-backed loans.

Here's a synopsis of the highlights:

90 Percent Guarantee

The bill allows SBA to raise its loan guarantee to as much as 90 percent for
some loans. Increasing the SBA guarantee percentage will encourage lenders to
extend more capital to small businesses by increasing the share covered by an
SBA guarantee.

Business Stabilization Loans

The bill creates a new SBA loan program to provide deferred-payment loans of up
to $35,000 to viable small businesses that need the money to make payments on an
existing, qualifying loan for up to six months. These loans will be 100 percent
guaranteed by SBA. Repayment would not have to begin until 12 months after the
loan is fully disbursed.

Microloans

The bill expands SBA's Microloan program, which provides small loans (up to
$35,000) paired with technical assistance to start-up, newly established or
growing small businesses. The bill provides funding to increase loans from SBA
to participating Microlenders by $50 million through Sept. 30, 2010, and adds
$24 million in grants to provide technical assistance to borrowers.

Historically, these loans reach low-income individuals, women and minorities in
both rural and urban areas. Expanding this program through the stimulus bill
will help ensure these entrepreneurs are not left behind in the credit crunch.

Refinancing

The bill also gives SBA the power to use the 504 Certified Development Company
program to refinance existing loans for fixed assets, providing fresh support
for small business expansion. This change will help business owners expand their
current development projects and create jobs in their communities.

Secondary Market Expansion

The bill authorizes SBA to establish a secondary market for pools of "first
lien" loans under the 504 program. Providing liquidity for these first mortgages
will help encourage lenders to continue participating in SBA's 504 loan program,
which provides a key source of capital for community development and other
projects.

The bill also empowers SBA to set up a Secondary Market Lending Authority that
would make direct loans to broker-dealers that participate in the secondary
market for SBA-guaranteed 7(a) loans.

Investment Program

The bill helps SBA-licensed Small Business Investment Companies and families of
SBIC funds better leverage the capital they use to invest in small businesses.
The bill sets maximum levels of funding the agency can provide to these
companies at up to three times the private capital raised by those companies, or
$150 million, whichever is less. It also raises the percentage any one SBIC can
invest in a single small business to 10 percent of total capital, and raises
from 20 percent to 25 percent the percentage of any licensee's dollar
investments that must be made in "smaller" businesses.

Surety Bonds

The bill also raises the maximum contract amount that can be covered by an SBA
guaranteed surety bond from $2 million to $5 million, and, under certain
circumstances, for contracts amounting to $10 million, and provides additional
funds to cover the costs of expanding this program.

Small businesses need surety bonds in order to bid on and obtain many federal
and other contracts. SBA guarantees surety bonds to small businesses that
private surety companies would not otherwise be able to extend.

Source: www.sba.gov

Resources

The University of Georgia SBDC

111 E. Liberty St., Suite 200

Savannah, GA 31401-4410

Phone: 912-651-3200

Fax: 912-651-3209

Small Business Assistance Corporation

111 E. Liberty St., Suite 100

Savannah, GA 31401

Phone: 912-232-4700

Toll free: 888-287-2137

Fax: 912-232-0385

sbac@sbacsav.com

Contacts

Sciatica & Disc Center

413 W. Montgomery Crossroad Suite 106; 912-335-1601

bar -- food

4523 Habersham St.

912-355-5956

Eos

1801 Habersham St.

912-238-2400

Sol

1611 Habersham St.

912-232-1875

Stimulus bill enhances small-business loans

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act attacks several problems facing small
businesses by reducing fees, guaranteeing a greater share of certain loans,
expanding capacity in the Microloan program, providing new loans to help small
businesses keep their doors open through economic hardship, and providing new
mechanisms to help unfreeze the secondary markets for SBA-backed loans. Here's a
synopsis of the highlights:

90 Percent Guarantee

The bill allows SBA to raise its loan guarantee to as much as 90 percent for
some loans. Increasing the SBA guarantee percentage will encourage lenders to
extend more capital to small businesses by increasing the share covered by an
SBA guarantee.

Business Stabilization Loans

The bill creates a new SBA loan program to provide deferred-payment loans of up
to $35,000 to viable small businesses that need the money to make payments on an
existing, qualifying loan for up to six months. These loans will be 100 percent
guaranteed by SBA. Repayment would not have to begin until 12 months after the
loan is fully disbursed.

Microloans

The bill expands SBA's Microloan program, which provides small loans (up to
$35,000) paired with technical assistance to start-up, newly established or
growing small businesses. The bill provides funding to increase loans from SBA
to participating Microlenders by $50 million through Sept. 30, 2010, and adds
$24 million in grants to provide technical assistance to borrowers.

Historically, these loans reach low-income individuals, women and minorities in
both rural and urban areas. Expanding this program through the stimulus bill
will help ensure these entrepreneurs are not left behind in the credit crunch.

Refinancing

The bill also gives SBA the power to use the 504 Certified Development Company
program to refinance existing loans for fixed assets, providing fresh support
for small-business expansion. This change will help business owners expand their
current development projects and create jobs in their communities.

Secondary Market Expansion

The bill authorizes SBA to establish a secondary market for pools of "first
lien" loans under the 504 program. Providing liquidity for these first mortgages
will help encourage lenders to continue participating in SBA's 504 loan program,
which provides a key source of capital for community development and other
projects.

The bill also empowers SBA to set up a Secondary Market Lending Authority that
would make direct loans to broker-dealers that participate in the secondary
market for SBA-guaranteed 7(a) loans.

Investment Program

The bill helps SBA-licensed Small Business Investment Companies and families of
SBIC funds better leverage the capital they use to invest in small businesses.
The bill sets maximum levels of funding the agency can provide to these
companies at up to three times the private capital raised by those companies, or
$150 million, whichever is less. It also raises the percentage any one SBIC can
invest in a single small business to 10 percent of total capital and raises from
20 percent to 25 percent the percentage of any licensee's dollar investments
that must be made in "smaller" businesses.

Surety Bonds

The bill also raises the maximum contract amount that can be covered by an SBA
guaranteed surety bond from $2 million to $5 million and, under certain
circumstances, for contracts amounting to $10 million, and provides additional
funds to cover the costs of expanding this program.

Small businesses need surety bonds in order to bid on and obtain many federal
and other contracts. SBA guarantees surety bonds to small businesses that
private surety companies would not otherwise be able to extend.

Source: www.sba.gov

To see more of The Savannah Morning News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.savannahnow.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Savannah Morning News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090628-SV-Start-your-business-now-seriously-0628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SV


                      Copyright 2009 Savannah Morning News


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Washington: Fischer Chairs Small Business Field Hearing in Lincoln

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Deb Fischer has issued the following news
release:



 This morning, U.S. Senator Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) convened a Senate Small
Business and Entrepreneurship Committee field hearing titled "Examining Access
to Capital and Other Headwinds to Entrepreneurship" in Lincoln, Nebraska. In
this morning's hearing, Senator Fischer heard testimony from individuals
representing various parts of Nebraska's entrepreneurial community about the
roadblocks to innovation and ways to increase access to capital for small
businesses. Senator Fischer released the following statement after concluding
today's hearing:





 "At today's Small Business Committee field hearing in Lincoln, we heard
valuable feedback from Nebraska entrepreneurs on the regulatory roadblocks that
make it harder to start and grow businesses in our state. This was my fourth
Senate field hearing in Nebraska, and it further demonstrated that the best
ideas come from outside of Washington. I'm eager to take this input to the
Senate in order to create effective policy and work with these innovators so
that we can continue to sow the seeds of our Silicon Prairie and allow
Nebraska's small business economy to thrive."



 Today's hearing took place at Nebraska Innovation Campus (NIC). Witnesses
included Eric Dinger, co-founder and CEO of Powderhook; Dan Hoffman, CEO of
Invest Nebraska Corporation; Julia Parker, Executive Director of Omaha Small
Business Network; T.J. Casady, Vice President of Commercial Loans at Union Bank
and Trust; and Jon Anderson, Manager of Advanced R&D at LI-COR.



 During her opening remarks, Senator Fischer highlighted legislation she has
introduced known as the Microloan Program Modernization Act. This legislation
aims to help those entrepreneurs with limited resources by increasing
flexibility and creating more opportunities for them to start their own
businesses. The Small Business Administration's (SBA) microloan program was
introduced in 1992 as a pilot program and has loaned more than $55 million to
nearly 4,000 small businesses across the country. Many of the original
provisions of the pilot program remain in effect today, even though the program
has grown in size, scope, and success. Currently, these intermediaries face
unnecessary restraints on how and when they can provide technical assistance to
applicants. Fischer's bill would eliminate these restraints and give these
intermediaries the flexibility they need to provide better assistance to the
entrepreneur, increase odds of long-term business success, and keep default
rates low.



 This was the fourth U.S. Senate field hearing hosted by Senator Fischer in
Nebraska. In March 2015, she hosted a hearing in Lincoln where Nebraskans
testified about the impact of the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA)
"Waters of the United States" rule. In September 2015, another field hearing in
Columbus heard testimony on the EPA's proposed rule to lower the ground level
ozone standard. Most recently, Senator Fischer chaired a Surface Transportation
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security Subcommittee hearing in
Scottsbluff that focused on the implementation of the long-term highway bill,
which was signed into law last December.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Budding entrepreneurs get helping hand at roadshow

                            February 9, 2004 Monday

Rachel Lin


ALL too often, entrepreneurship gets bogged down by regulations, cash-flow
problems and paperwork.

But last Saturday's new Action Entrepreneur! Roadshow offered budding
entrepreneurs some practical advice, such as how to obtain specially tailored
loans.

The inaugural event was jointly organised by DP Bureau, the North-East Community
Development Council and the Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(SCCCI).

Electronics giant Hewlett-Packard, which supported the event, offered a suite of
technology solutions to help aspiring small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)
manage their fledgling businesses.

For its part, SCCCI gave roadshow participants a chance to network with members
of this broad group, which covers around 4,000 companies and professionals.

And DP, part of the DP Information Network Group, produced a complimentary
financial health check for businesses, along with advice on permits and
licences.

Together with Spring Singapore, DP offered assistance to SMEs on how to obtain
funds through a 'microloan' initiative. Microloans are relatively small sums -
about $50,000 on average - lent to small companies, often at rates lower than
market interest rates.

The organisation administering these loans is Spring Singapore, which negotiates
with participating banks and shoulders 80 per cent of the debt in case of
default.

So far, 600 small firms have successfully applied for such loans.

'Small companies often experience cash-flow problems,' said DP general manager
Ong Siew Kim. 'Financial institutions may not be willing to provide funding for
them. We do credit ratings for these companies and try to help them get their
working capital.'

Despite the relatively small sums involved, these loans can be enough to turn
businesses around.

One such success story is Chan's Print, a Malaysia-based printing firm. Ms
Alison Chan, its managing director, secured a microloan from DP two years ago.

It enabled her to buy equipment, increase the productivity of her plant and
double the firm's revenue in a year.

The response to the roadshow has been excellent. Two other such events - to be
held at HDB Hub and Woodlands - are in the pipeline.

SECTION: IN THE MONEY

LENGTH: 367 words

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 10, 2011 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Bringing hope to the Congo

BYLINE: JACKIE CROSBY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 930 words



HIGHLIGHT: Chingwell Mutombu's fledgling microloan program is on track to grant
1,000 loans to women in Central Africa.


SEE MICROFILM OR PDF FOR MAP

Growing up in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Chingwell Mutombu saw a
determined spirit among the people in one of the world's poorest countries, and
it shaped her life.

At 17, she left her village in Musumba and returned to Iowa, where she was born,
to finish high school and attend college. In graduate school in New Jersey,
Mutombu began plotting a way to give back to her Central African homeland.

In 2006, she formed a nonprofit that provides microloans of $100 to $150 to help
women in the Congo start and build businesses. The Golden Valley-based
organization, First Step Initiative, is on pace this year to amass $400,000 in
contributions -- double last year -- and hit a milestone of granting 1,000
loans.

Mutombu is making a concerted effort to reach out to more Minnesotans for
support.

QWhat inspired you to start First Step Initiative?

AWhat I saw growing up was the entrepreneurial spirit of women. My dad was
focused on building schools and my mom worked with the women. Children walked
about 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) to school, and a lot of girls didn't even go to
school.

If you want to help the community, especially in the poorest parts of the world,
sometimes the first intervention is to work with mothers. If you help them
increase their income, they can buy more nutritious food so their children are
healthier, and they can afford to send them to school.

The entrepreneurial spirit is there, but how do we tap into it? How do we
formalize this desire to do bigger things? That is what I'm trying to do.

QYou decided to focus your efforts in Lubumbashi, the Congo's second largest
city. Why?

AThe southern part of the Congo, near the border of Zambia, is known as the
"Copper Belt." About 80 percent of what's in your cellphone is mined there. It's
an area that can develop quickly. And logistically it's easier for us to come
there and then start spreading it out.

Companies from China, the United States, Australia are investing in heavy
mining. They want to help the community, but sometimes they don't know how. I
spoke with a mining company a few days ago who wants to create a market for the
women to sew products for them.

QWhere do you get your funding?

ARight now, many of our donations come from foundations in the United States and
Canada, but also individuals from around the world. Some of them come as far as
Denmark. Two years ago a group of 10 women in Ann Arbor, Mich., pooled their
money and sponsored 50 women. This year, we got a second investment of almost
$12,000 that will help about 120 women. They want to see that their funds touch
many lives. Every dollar that they give is recycled over and over again. It will
end up helping many more women than the first 50.

QHow does the microloan program work?

AWe call it the "collateral of three." It takes three people to sign for the
loan. If for some reason one of you can't pay, maybe one of your kids has an
illness or something happens, the others can cover for you. It creates a safety
net and guarantees that the women work together.

We have them make payments and we put a small part in savings. There also is a
small interest to help fund more loans. They have 17 weeks to pay us back. Then
they can apply for another loan.

QHow successful have your loans been?

ASince the program began, we have a payback rate of 96 percent. Of the 600 women
currently with loans, about 71 percent have been in the program for more than
two years. We tell them all the time, loans are not a way to a free life. They
are a tool for sustaining life.

QWhat kind of businesses have the women started?

AAbout a third are food vendors, who sell in the markets. A third work in
clothing manufacturing, where everything is made from scratch. And another third
work with livestock -- chickens, goats or sheep. One woman borrowed $100. That
helped her buy 80 chicks, and she used $20 to buy the feed. Later she could sell
the chicks and sell the eggs.

For many of the women, they've moved from making 45 cents a day to 80 cents to
$1.

QBut to really make a difference in the Congo, the loans need to do more than
sustain one household, don't they?

ALet me tell you about a woman named YaYa Masimago. She fled war and unrest in
the east of Congo. Her husband was killed and she was caring for six children.
She came with nothing and no hope. She used her first $100 loan to buy fish in
Zambia and sell in the market. Then she began selling corn. Now she borrows $200
at a time to buy corn in bulk and grind it into small bags. She sells it to 10
other women who sell at the market. So the investment expands and jobs expand.
YaYa now can feed her children and send them to school.

Jackie Crosby - 612-673-7335

CHINGWELL MUTOMBU

Age: 34

Position: Executive director, First Step Initiative

Background: Born in Fayette, Iowa, where her Congolese parents attended college
through a sponsorship from a local United Methodist Church. One of the members
set up a trust fund, ensuring that Mutombu could return to the United States for
school.

Education: Bachelor's degree from Luther College in Decorah, Iowa; dual master's
degree in international relations and public administration from Seton Hall
University.

Career: While in graduate school, Mutombu tested her idea of a microloan program
for women in the Democratic Republic of Congo using $50 from her own pocket.
Sixty people benefited.

First Step Initiative: In 2006, she formed a 501(c)(3) using a $25,000 grant
through the Women's Foundation of Minnesota and Diana Carter, co-owner of Summit
Mortgage in Plymouth, who continues to be her adviser and mentor.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Illinois: Mayor Emanuel Announces $5 Million In Funding Available To Chicago
Small Businesses

LENGTH: 1052  words

DATELINE: Springfield


City of Chicago has issued the following news release:

Mayor Rahm Emanuel today announced new partnerships that will help small
business owners in neighborhoods throughout Chicago access needed capital.
Following a successful pilot, the Small Business Opportunity Center Program
(formerly Capital Access Centers), which helps small business owners prepare for
loans, will expand from three to eight centers across Chicago and $5 million in
funding is available for Chicago small businesses. "Small businesses are the
economic backbone of Chicago and when they succeed, our neighborhoods and our
city succeeds," said Mayor Rahm Emanuel. "By connecting our entrepreneurs with
the resources and capital they need to thrive, they can create the jobs that our
neighborhoods deserve and help to keep every community in Chicago more vibrant."
New partners Somercor 504, Inc., Goldman Sachs, and the Chicago Business
Opportunity Fund have more than $5 million available to lend to qualified small
businesses. Both centers provide loans between $50,000 and $250,000 to small
businesses - a loan size that more small businesses are having trouble securing.
They will join the Latin American Chamber, Sunshine Gospel Ministries, and the
Women's Business Development Center, along with the three pilot partners,
Greater Englewood CDC, the Resurrection Project, and Chatham Business
Association in counseling small businesses through the lending process and
matching them to available sources of capital. "VEDC has been the lender of last
resort for many good companies that have struggled during the economic downturn
and recovery," said Roberto Barragan, President and CEO of VEDC. "The
Chicagoland Business Opportunity Fund was created to bring an innovative and
affordable source of alternative financing to Chicago entrepreneurs through a
variety of loan programs." "Strong communities require strategic partnerships.
This program demonstrates how our City has made crucial steps towards efficiency
and effectiveness. This is a historic moment for the Woodlawn neighborhood and
would not have happened without the Mayor's strong leadership," said Alderman
Willie B. Cochran (20th). The announcement coincides with the Chicago
Microlending Institute (CMI), recently awarding its 200th microloan. In 2012,
Mayor Emanuel launched the Chicago Microlending Institute with $1 million to
help businesses access loans up to $25,000. In 2014, the Mayor and the City
Treasurer invested an additional $1 million to provide critical loans that would
help support roughly 300 new businesses by 2016 and ensure that the CMI program
can be self-funding through 2016. The CMI revolving loan fund now has loans
totaling approximately $2 million, which has supported close to 200 businesses
and has helped create or save 817 jobs across the City of Chicago. A map of
every loan is available on the Chicago Data portal at
www.data.cityofchicago.org/Community-Economic-Development/Chicago-Microlending-I
nstitute-CMI-Microloans/dpkg-upyz. The announcement was made at one of the new
Centers with Sunshine Gospel Ministries in Woodlawn at Greenline Coffee. Twelve
Chicago families invested $150,000 to start the coffee shop that employs 10
staff, all of whom live in Woodlawn. This is an example of the type of
neighborhood-focused small business supported by microloans and with community
investment. "The work that is being done with small businesses through the micro
loan program makes us more effective as a City. When the private sector,
non-profits, and government work together, we all win," said Alderman Mary
O'Connor (41st), Member of the Small Business Advisory Committee. "Small
businesses are the lifeblood of our neighborhoods and the primary source of
jobs. Access to capital is essential for small business development, cash flow
and growth. The Chicago Microlending Institute fills this necessary link to
capital and I applaud the expansion of lending centers into new communities
across our City," said Alderman Tom Tunney (44th), Chair of the Committee on
Economic, Capital, and Technology Development. Since Mayor Emanuel announced the
Capital Access Center pilot program (now the Small Business Opportunity Center
Program) in October 2014 to help prepare and connect small businesses to
capital, over 60 businesses have been served, 15 of which were steered toward
entrepreneurship programs or credit repair specialists. The partners also helped
13 businesses apply for loans - three have been approved and ten are currently
pending approval. Since 2011, Mayor Emanuel has instituted a number of reforms
to help support small business growth and entrepreneurship in the City of
Chicago. In April 2013, Mayor Emanuel launched the Department of Business
Affairs and Consumer Protection's Small Business Center (SBC), to provide a
one-stop-shop for small businesses. The SBC has reduced overall wait times by
fifty percent and 25 percent of all customers are in and out of the Center
within 15 minutes. Interested businesses can visit the City's Small Business
Center online at www.cityofchicago.org/sbc. "After meeting with small business
owners in each of Chicago's 77 communities, I know first-hand that their top
priority is gaining greater access to capital," said City Treasurer Kurt
Summers. "This expansion will meet those needs while stimulating economic growth
in our neighborhoods. I am committed to working with Mayor Emanuel to help in
this process and ensure our small businesses are connected to the capital they
need to flourish." And earlier this month, Mayor Emanuel announced an expansion
of the Chicago Anchors for a Strong Economy (CASE) program to encourage
Chicago's leading institutions to support local small businesses growth in their
neighborhoods. Over the last year, the small businesses that participated in the
CASE program saw an average increase in revenue of $804,000. CASE has the
potential to drive up to $80 million in additional revenue to neighborhood small
businesses and create nearly 250 full-time and 125 part-time jobs annually. The
expansion will increase the number of committed institutions from 11 to at least
20 and double the number of small businesses helped.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Architects ready to start recruitment after securing funds

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 290 words


ARCHITECTS Sadler Brown are poised to begin recruitment after securing
investment from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund.

The Ouseburn-based firm, which employs 18, has plans to launch a significant
recruitment drive in early 2016 following the undisclosed funding from Rivers
Capital Partners. Kevin Brown, the firm's creative director was once a protege
of renowned architect Terry Farrell.

His team have worked on some of the region's landmarks such as the Haymarket Hub
on Newcastle's Northumberland Street, the conversion of the Turnbull Building
into luxury and the i6 Business Centre on Charlotte Square.

Sadler Brown also run offices in London and Birmingham and have plans to expand
into the United Arab Emirates.

The firm recently produced designs for two multi-million pound train stations in
Saudi Arabia, which are being delivered using Building Information Models.

Kristine Murane from Rivers Capital Partners said: "Sadler Brown has outstanding
potential, they have a wealth of knowledge in this industry and they will use
this to develop the business. It is rewarding to be able to help a company that
has contributed so much to the region and I look forward to watch this company
thrive." Sadler Brown was formed in 2010 when Newcastle-based practices Hopper
Howe Sadler and Reid Jubb Brown merged to become Sadler Brown Architecture.

The firm worked on a family home in Northumberland that featured on Channel 4's
Grand Designs programme.

The North East Microloan Fund offers companies that usually struggle to receive
financial backing the chance to secure a loan anywhere between £1,000 - £25,000.
A streamlined, simple process with successful applicants receiving their loan,
on average, within just two weeks.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            December 14, 2009 Monday

President Stresses Quality of Life for Ordinary People

BYLINE: By Na Jeong-ju

LENGTH: 391 words


Staff Reporter

President Lee Myung-bak called for greater efforts to stabilize the livelihoods
of ordinary citizens, Monday, saying many of them are still experiencing
economic hardships despite a recovery.

"Firms are now feeling some positive changes from the recovery, but ordinary
people are in a different situation," Lee said. "I expect them to start to feel
the changes late next year. Until then, the administration should take greater
care of them."

Lee made the remarks during a joint policy briefing by the Ministry for Health,
Welfare and Family Affairs, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Gender
Equality and the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs. The meeting took
place at Seoul Women's Plaza.

The report largely focused on welfare policies and measures aimed at addressing
the rising youth unemployment rate.

It was the first of seven joint briefings by ministries and government agencies
that will run through the end of this month, Cheong Wa Dae said.

"The government has helped people by implementing active expansionary programs
from the very start of this year. But we should not be complacent. Economic
conditions improved just a little this year," Lee said.

In a pre-recorded address to the nation, broadcast Monday morning through KBS1
Radio and YouTube, the CEO-turned-President said the government would strengthen
microcredit banking services for the poor in close cooperation with private
firms.

The "microloans" will not only help businesses fulfill their social
responsibilities but also help improve people's quality of life, he said.

"These are small loans, but for those who need them, the money is as precious as
rain at the end of a drought," Lee said.

Lee also suggested that microloan recipients would prove trustworthy.

"In my experience, people who borrow 5 billion won often fail to pay back, but
people who borrow 500,000 won or 5 million won rarely fail to do so, though they
may be little late," he said.

Samsung Group will launch its own microcredit foundation today, becoming the
first conglomerate to open such an institution.

Hyundai Motor, SK, LG and POSCO will follow suit soon, according to the
presidential office.

Starting next year, people with low-credit ratings will be able to borrow money
from the microcredit banks, which will be run on funds contributed by
conglomerates and financial firms.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              May 31, 2013 Friday

In Brief

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 383 words


Pittsfield: Mark Volpe to address chamber

Mark Volpe, the managing director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, will be the
keynote speaker when the Berkshire Chamber of Commerce hosts its next Good News
Breakfast on Wednesday, June 12 at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.

The hours are 7:45 to 9 a.m. The cost is $25 for Berkshire Chamber members, and
$35 for non-members. The cost includes a breakfast buffet.

The chamber will also recognize several businesses that are celebrating
milestone anniversaries including Bascom Lodge (75 years), the Berkshire
Visitors Bureau (75 years), QualPrint (50 years), Berkshire County Kids' Place
(20 years), and Signature Associates Real Estate (20 years).

Registration: (413) 499-4000,www.berkshirechamber.com .

Pittsfield: Summer bus passes will be available

The Berkshire Regional Transit Authority's B-Cool summer bus passes will be
available for purchase beginning on Monday. The program offers area youngsters
ages 21 and under unlimited bus rides on the BRTA bus system from June 17
through Aug. 31.

B-Cool passes cost $25, and are available at either the BRTA's administrative
offices at 1 Columbus Avenue, the BRTA's operation's office at 67 Downing
Parkway, or from any BRTA bus driver. Group discounts are available.

Visit the BRTA's website atwww.berkshirerta.com , or call the BRTA at (800)
292-2782.

Cheshire: Farmers receive help from microloans

Kim and Shawn Martin of Elmartin Farm of Cheshire are one of two Western
Massachusetts concerns who recently received microloans from the Samuel Adams
Brewing the American Dream program, and its local lending partner, Common
Capital. The other recipient is Simple Gifts Farm of Amherst.

Elmartin Farm is a family owned business that provides local, grass-fed beef and
pork to the area. The Martins are eighth generation farmers and have worked on
the farm since the age of 12.

The program provides loans to small business owners who find it difficult to
access funding through traditional methods.

For more information, visit www.btad.samueladams.com .

Adams: Bascom Lodge's 75th season opens Saturday

Bascom Lodge will officially open its 75th season on Saturday, when it begins
serving breakfast, lunch and dinner, and providing overnight accommodations.
Reservations are required for dinner.

Information:www.bascomlodge.net .

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 21, 2009

Federal funding stimulates SBA loans

BYLINE: Nancy Kaffer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0022

LENGTH: 697 words


When Greenfield Collision owners Don Lane and Keith Robinson learned that the
landlord at the business' Washington Township location planned to sell the
building, the answer seemed simple -- the pair would buy it.

But a quick trip to the bank seemed to put that plan to rest.

"They said, 'You're automotive, you're not getting a loan,' " said Lane, who
also owns a shop in Detroit.

A trip to another lender proved more fruitful when that bank suggested that Lane
and Robinson apply for a U.S. Small Business Administration-backed loan.

The timing was right -- President Barack Obama's American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, commonly called the stimulus act, had just passed, and the
SBA's loan program had expanded.

"They expedited it, and in two weeks we were closing," Lane said. "We got a
$453,000 loan with no fees. That was nice."

A handful of new SBA programs are providing small-business owners with more
options, especially for business owners who continue to experience difficulties
gaining access to capital for real estate or other purposes.

"The first thing from the recovery act that impacted our loan programs was
changing the guaranteed amount on most of our guaranteed loans to 90 percent
from 75 to 80 percent," said Allen Cook, deputy director of the SBA's Michigan
office. "And the waiving of guarantee fees to small businesses."

From Oct. 1, the start of the SBA's fiscal year, through Feb. 20, just before
the stimulus act passed, the Michigan office backed 337 loans, Cook said.

"We have done 1,170 through now, so we more than doubled in the five months
following (the passage of the stimulus package)," he said. "We had been
averaging about 15 loans a week, and now we're averaging, over the past six
weeks, 30 to 35 loans a week. It had a substantial impact on our loan volume,
and we're providing a lot more funding for small business than would have been
available (otherwise)."

The stimulus package also made more funding available to the SBA's microloan
program, Cook said, which allows participating lenders to make loans of up to
$35,000 to existing businesses.

SBA microloan funds can be used for working capital and acquisition of
materials, supplies, furniture, fixtures and equipment.

Another program, the American Recovery Capital loan, hasn't picked up as much
steam.

The loan is geared toward businesses that need a quick influx of cash to survive
a rough patch.

"The problem is that most lenders are reserving it to use only with existing
programs, and some have decided not to do ARC loans at all," Cook said. "It's an
unusual program with a big impact on businesses, but it's difficult to find
lenders willing to do it with noncustomers. We've had 36 loans by 14 different
lenders, so it is expanding."

No matter the loan type, all business owners should approach lenders with a
plan, Cook said.

"Every business needs to have a good plan in place," he said. "They need to
approach the lender with a plan for what kind of money they'll need, what
they'll use it for and have a plan in place for how they will repay the funds.
For a startup, that's a business plan. For a business more than two years in
age, they'll have financial results, but they must also have a plan in place for
how they will repay the loans in the future."

Business owners interested in microloan funds should contact a microlender
directly, he said.

The SBA has recently launched a number of new programs not directly related to
lending, such as a new YouTube channel with informational videos.

Offerings include addresses from Administrator Karen Mills and event highlights,
along with capsule tutorials offering tips on such topics as marketing,
financing and growing your business.

Another online training course offers business owners a chance to increase their
ability to compete for federal contracts.

Small businesses nationally won $93.3 billion in contracts in 2008.

The course provides information about the federal marketplace, contract rules,
how to sell to the government and where to find contract and stimulus act
opportunities, the SBA said; and it is free of charge.

For more information, see www.sba.gov/recovery.

Copyright 2009 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

Dermalogica takes the guilt out of indulging

BYLINE: Leanne Delap Special to the Star

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. L3

LENGTH: 342 words


I remember fondly using Snap, the industrial grit meant to clean greasy hands,
on my face, thinking my skin immortal. Dewy is now a diminishing resource,
though, and thus the only exfoliant I let near my face is the Daily Microfoliant
by Dermalogica.

Sprinkle this fine dusting of enzymes made from rice onto your wet hands, rub to
a paste and then into your face to gently slough dull, dead skin cells.

This brand has cachet for me because it is used in salons and I covet facials
more than any other esthetic treat (though you can now buy it in fine department
stores and Sephora), and because I have met its ball-o-fire creator Brit import
Jane Wurwand.

Once she made her bundle at Dermalogica, Wurwand reinvented herself and her
company.

Stirred to action by no less a figure than Gloria Steinem, whom she met when
they shared the stage on a panel, Wurwand found a way to give back.

She took Steinem's simple call to "do more!" as a personal order to
philanthropy.

Wurwand's company founded Financial Independence Through Entrepreneurship. For
the next two years, five Dermalogica products including the Microfoliant will be
marked with a special joinfite.org label: Buy the product, redeem the code and
trigger a Dermalogica donation: a microloan to a woman in the developing world.

I spoke to Wurwand as she was leaving to address a special assembly of the
United Nations. She was one of many business delegates there to promote
entrepreneurship of women on the 100th anniversary of Women's Day.

"If women do not earn their own economic security they are not empowered. They
do not have a core voice," she said.

When I asked how a skin care company connects to giving microloans to women, she
had a simple answer: "There is no other job in which you touch another person's
face. Skin care is more than cleaning, and it is far and away a female job."

Cruise jointfite.org and you will find hundreds of women waiting for their loans
profiled on the page.

You can pick which woman you want.

Their humble business plans will make you feel first-world spoiled fast.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Daily Microfoliant, $72. Available at select skin care centres and
http://www.dermalogica.comdermalogica.comEND VINCE TALOTTA/ TORONTO STAR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

Obama praises Fremont student during speech

BYLINE: By Rob Dennis Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 440 words


President Barack Obama praised a Fremont high school student Wednesday for his
work providing microloans for low-income students to start their own businesses.

"He's creative, he took initiative and now he's helping other young people be
able to afford the schooling that they need," Obama said of Will Kim, a
17-year-old Mission San Jose High School student who founded the nonprofit Happy
Day Microfunds.

Kim said he was shocked when a White House official called the school and then
his father Tuesday to talk about mentioning him in the president's
back-to-school speech.

"It's all a dream," Kim said. "I didn't see this happening ever. It's beyond my
wildest dreams."

Obama, speaking at Benjamin Banneker Academic High School in Washington, D.C,
urged students to pursue learning after high school and to follow the example of
students like Kim who are "making a difference now."

"With all the challenges that our country's facing right now, we don't just need
you for the future, we actually need you now," Obama said. "America needs young
people's passion and their ideas -- we need your energy right now."

He pointed to Kim's nonprofit, which is part of the microcredit movement that
aims to spur entrepreneurship by extending small loans to those who lack
collateral, steady employment or credit history.

"I was just beaming with pride as I listened to the president today," Fremont
schools Superintendent Jim Morris said. "Such an honor and such a wonderful
young man."

"I could not have been more proud of what Will exemplifies. We have had a lot of
attention for a lot of our students just for that spirit of giving back to the
community. These kids are just so altruistic."

Kim raises money for the microloans through youth-run events such as dodge ball
tournaments and capture-the-flag games. He has garnered about $10,000 so far,
which will be distributed in loans ranging from $100 to $1,000.

Happy Day has funded two entrepreneurs, is working on a third project and is
seeking more applications from Bay Area students. It selects its budding
business owners from entrepreneurship classes taught by Network for Teaching
Entrepreneurship educators, who are trained to merge their class curriculum with
entrepreneurial skills such as marketing and cost calculation.

The loans are trust-based, with no interest and no collateral.

"I know you're up to it, because I've seen it," Obama told the assembled
students at Benjamin Banneker High. "Nothing inspires me more than knowing that
young people all across the country are already making their marks. They're not
waiting, they're making a difference now."

Contact Rob Dennis at 510-353-7010.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation Join Forces to
Promote Agriculture Jobs and Farming and Ranching to Military Veterans

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced a joint agreement
with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation to increase employment
opportunities in the agricultural sector for military veterans and their
spouses.





 USDA Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services Deputy Under Secretary Lanon Baccam
signed the agreement along with Eric Eversole, vice president at the U.S.
Chamber of Commerce. Eversole, a Commander in the Navy Reserve, also serves as
the foundation's President of Hiring Our Heroes. Baccam, a U.S. Army and Iowa
National Guard veteran who served in Afghanistan, is USDA's Military Veterans
Liaison.



 "Today's agreement opens the door for thousands of service members who
participate in Hiring Our Heroes events around the world to benefit from USDA's
vast array of tools and resources," said Baccam. "This new partnership
strengthens USDA's ongoing efforts to help veterans pursue rewarding careers in
farming, ranching, or in the fast-growing agriculture and food sectors."



 The agreement establishes a new partnership between USDA and Hiring Our Heroes,
a program that helps military veterans, transitioning active duty personnel, and
their spouses and partners with training and opportunities to find meaningful
employment when entering the civilian workforce.



 Since 2009, USDA has provided $466.8 million in farm loans to help more than
6,868 veterans purchase farmland, buy equipment and make repairs and upgrades.
Our microloans, which offer smaller amounts of support to meet the needs of
small- or niche-type farm operations, have also grown in popularity among
veterans. Since it was launched in January 2013, USDA's microloan program has
provided more than $25.8 million in support to help veterans grow their farming
businesses.



 Recently, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) also expanded its collaboration with
the Department of Defense to better reach the nearly 200,000 service members
transitioning from military service to civilian life each year. Through a career
training and counseling program, called the Transition Assistance Program, or
TAP, USDA provides information on a wide variety of loans, grants, training and
technical assistance available for veterans who are passionate about a career in
agriculture.



 For more information on how USDA can help military veterans transition into
agriculture as a career, visit www.usda.gov/veterans.



 This joint agreement between USDA and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation
was authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on historic economic gains in
rural America over the past seven years, while achieving meaningful reform and
billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made
significant progress to implement each provision of this critical legislation,
including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk
management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research;
establishing innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new
markets for rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing, and
community facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation Join Forces to
Promote Agriculture Jobs and Farming and Ranching to Military Veterans

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced a joint agreement
with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation to increase employment
opportunities in the agricultural sector for military veterans and their
spouses.





 USDA Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services Deputy Under Secretary Lanon Baccam
signed the agreement along with Eric Eversole, vice president at the U.S.
Chamber of Commerce. Eversole, a Commander in the Navy Reserve, also serves as
the foundation's President of Hiring Our Heroes. Baccam, a U.S. Army and Iowa
National Guard veteran who served in Afghanistan, is USDA's Military Veterans
Liaison.



 "Today's agreement opens the door for thousands of service members who
participate in Hiring Our Heroes events around the world to benefit from USDA's
vast array of tools and resources," said Baccam. "This new partnership
strengthens USDA's ongoing efforts to help veterans pursue rewarding careers in
farming, ranching, or in the fast-growing agriculture and food sectors."



 The agreement establishes a new partnership between USDA and Hiring Our Heroes,
a program that helps military veterans, transitioning active duty personnel, and
their spouses and partners with training and opportunities to find meaningful
employment when entering the civilian workforce.



 Since 2009, USDA has provided $466.8 million in farm loans to help more than
6,868 veterans purchase farmland, buy equipment and make repairs and upgrades.
Our microloans, which offer smaller amounts of support to meet the needs of
small- or niche-type farm operations, have also grown in popularity among
veterans. Since it was launched in January 2013, USDA's microloan program has
provided more than $25.8 million in support to help veterans grow their farming
businesses.



 Recently, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) also expanded its collaboration with
the Department of Defense to better reach the nearly 200,000 service members
transitioning from military service to civilian life each year. Through a career
training and counseling program, called the Transition Assistance Program, or
TAP, USDA provides information on a wide variety of loans, grants, training and
technical assistance available for veterans who are passionate about a career in
agriculture.



 For more information on how USDA can help military veterans transition into
agriculture as a career, visit www.usda.gov/veterans.



 This joint agreement between USDA and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation
was authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on historic economic gains in
rural America over the past seven years, while achieving meaningful reform and
billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made
significant progress to implement each provision of this critical legislation,
including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk
management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research;
establishing innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new
markets for rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing, and
community facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Comparing the Impact of Micro-loans, Mobile Phones, and Business Training on
Micro-Enterprises Owned by Women in India

LENGTH: 547  words


Area Under Study :  Asia  South Asia  India


Responsible Officer : Sayo, Phet
Total Funding : $217,600.00
Description : Micro-enterprises are the most common types of business in the
developing world. In India, recent figures from the National Sample Survey
Organization (2012) suggest that there are approximately 1.5 billion
micro-enterprises, many of them owned by women and home-based.


Findings from IDRC-supported studies on female micro-entrepreneurs in Mumbai and
Chennai suggest a correlation between economic growth and the adoption of mobile
phones. When they are able to use mobile communications, many of these
women-owned micro-enterprises increase their revenues and hire additional
workers. The findings also suggest that successful female micro-entrepreneurs
enjoy increased levels of self-efficiency, social respect, and power within
their families.
Still, little is known about how best to use mobile phones with other common
entrepreneurial tools, such as micro-loans and training. This project will
assess the impact of three common interventions (microloans, entrepreneurial
training, and mobile phones) on the economic growth of micro-enterprises and on
the social development of the women who own them.
This study aims to determine how efficient the interventions are-either
individually or in combination-as a means to increase female micro-entrepreneur
participation in developing economies. Researchers will carry out fieldwork in
Coimbatore, India. A total of 320 women micro-enterprise owners will be assigned
to one of three experimental groups or a control group. Researchers will collect
pretest data about the participants and their micro-enterprises from all groups.

Three main experiment stimuli will be introduced over a two-year period:
data-enabled phones, business training, and microloans. Researchers will collect
additional data one year after the first stimuli have been applied, followed by
post-test data collection one year after the second round of stimuli. To
generate rich descriptions of how household dynamics affect the perceptions and
behaviours of women micro-enterprises, the research team will conduct
qualitative interviews with three important persons (e.g., husbands,
mothers-in-law) in the households of 20-30 female micro-entrepreneurs.
The project intends to explain four new constructs (growth orientation, risk
attitudes, perceived empowerment, and mattering or feeling important in the
family dynamic) and determine their value in development studies. The research
team will select and train participants in partnership with a local NGO,
development agencies, and public training institutions. The findings will be
useful in helping policymakers and practitioners prioritize future policies and
interventions.

Project completion date : 2016-04-30 12:00:00
Major organization : INDIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY

Address : Hauz Khas,


New Delhi-110 016

Country :India
Email : webmaster@admin.iitd.ac.in

Url : www.iitd.ac.in

Financier : International Development Research Centre (IDRC),

Financier address : International Development Research Centre (IDRC)
Asia Regional Office
208 Jor Bagh, New Delhi 110 003,
India
Phone: (+91-11) 2461-9411
Fax: (+91-11) 2462-2707
Email: aro@idrc.ca
Website : http://www.idrc.ca/

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

More than a glimmer to hope for in Ethiopia

BYLINE: MICHAEL BARNES AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 370 words


It was not really an auction. More like a mass hug of epic proportions. And it
raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for the poorest of the Earth.

The Glimmer of Hope Foundation, which provides health, education, microloans and
other basic services to remote, rural towns in Ethiopia, is one of Austin's
marvels. Barron's magazine named it one of the most effective charities in the
world. One spot at a time, Glimmer is taking tens of thousands of people from
the brink of disaster to the brink of prosperity.

Credit, first, charity superstars Donna and Philip Berber, who have been at this
game for a while. They are now backed by an extraordinary staff and hundreds of
friends, many of them gathered at the AT&T Center on Friday.

The banquet room was set up with a stage and perpendicular runway. On both sides
were mock-ups of bare-bones clinics and schools in Ethiopia. (Carillon
restaurant chef Josh Watkins personally provided tidy little bites of gustatory
pleasure to keep folks circulating among the exhibits.)

Then Donna Berber spoke, as articulate and charismatic as a cinema star. It's no
wonder people respond to her clarion call.

Next, a video was shown of donors visiting an improved town and one in need of
help. Incredibly sophisticated. Then GSD&M's wry and confident Roy Spence
started the "auction."

On a large map behind the stage, one could see a satellite view of the next
village, Robit, in Glimmer's scopes. Large raised dots and squares stood for
schools, clinics, wells and waterworks. Inside each of those was a light. Each
time Spence introduced a different need, someone from the audience rose to press
the appropriate light, or they lit a candle to represent microloans, pledging as
much $90,000 at a time. (Maybe more, some pledges were compounded.)

As my mind swam, I lost track of the totals, but it must have been many hundreds
of thousands of dollars.

And 100 percent of the money going directly to those precise projects. An
African town of 10,000 that endures unclean water, broken-down schools, filthy
health centers and crimped commerce will, by this time next year, be free of all
those burdens.

Mind-blowing. Just mind-blowing. Done and done, in just one evening.

mbarnes@statesman.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 6, 2010

WOMEN TO WATCH 2010;
Maureen Donohue Krauss

BYLINE: Chad Halcom

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0014

LENGTH: 420 words


Director, economic development and community affairs, Oakland County

Maureen Donohue Krauss approaches her job as a regional thinker, while at the
same time trying to carve a niche for Michigan's second-largest county in
economic revitalization.

When we travel overseas, the companies we visit with are already familiar with
Detroit and the (metropolitan) region. We have to spend a little more time
explaining who we are and what portion of that region we represent, she said.

So it makes sense to leverage that and make use of their knowledge of us as a
whole region, and even selling them on the assets we have that they'll have
access to in (neighboring) counties.

Among her accomplishments since taking office in July 2009 is the creation of a
microloan program for entrepreneurs and small businesses in cooperation with the
Ann Arbor-based Center for Empowerment and Economic Development and the U.S.
Small Business Administration.

The county earlier this year established a $500,000 pool for Oakland County
businesses that have been unable to obtain traditional loans. Companies can
borrow from $500 to $35,000 for equipment, supplies, inventory or working
capital.

Krauss, 48, a native of Detroit, graduated from Albion College and has a
master's degree in public policy from the University of Michigan. She joined the
county in 1998 as a business-development representative after four years as
coordinator of alumni relations and development at the University of Illinois
College of Engineering. She became deputy director of economic development and
community affairs in 2005, advancing to director when Doug Smith became a deputy
executive last summer.

The biggest challenge ahead, she said, is getting banks to begin lending again
on a community level. The county has tried to escalate lending through its
Oakland County Business Finance Corp. and the microloan program.

What we do a lot is to get the company in need of financing prepared with a
solid business case before they even ask, she said. We are getting used to
helping out more with nontraditional forms of lending - like maybe getting
multiple banks to collaborate.

Biggest lesson learned in the past year: Constantly carve out time for family,
friends and health, because it makes a person more productive on the job.

If you could take a class in anything, what would it be? Public sector finance,
because it's grown significantly more challenging than when she completed it for
her master's degree.

Copyright 2010 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cd


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 6, 2010

WOMEN TO WATCH 2010;
Maureen Donohue Krauss

BYLINE: Chad Halcom

SECTION: Pg. 14 Vol. 26

LENGTH: 412  words


Director, economic development and community affairs, Oakland County

Maureen Donohue Krauss approaches her job as a regional thinker, while at the
same time trying to carve a niche for Michigan's second-largest county in
economic revitalization.

"When we travel overseas, the companies we visit with are already familiar with
Detroit and the (metropolitan) region. We have to spend a little more time
explaining who we are and what portion of that region we represent," she said.

"So it makes sense to leverage that and make use of their knowledge of us as a
whole region, and even selling them on the assets we have that they'll have
access to in (neighboring) counties."

Among her accomplishments since taking office in July 2009 is the creation of a
microloan program for entrepreneurs and small businesses in cooperation with the
Ann Arbor-based Center for Empowerment and Economic Development and the U.S.
Small Business Administration.

The county earlier this year established a $500,000 pool for Oakland County
businesses that have been unable to obtain traditional loans. Companies can
borrow from $500 to $35,000 for equipment, supplies, inventory or working
capital.

Krauss, 48, a native of Detroit, graduated from Albion College and has a
master's degree in public policy from the University of Michigan. She joined the
county in 1998 as a business-development representative after four years as
coordinator of alumni relations and development at the University of Illinois
College of Engineering. She became deputy director of economic development and
community affairs in 2005, advancing to director when Doug Smith became a deputy
executive last summer.

The biggest challenge ahead, she said, is getting banks to begin lending again
on a community level. The county has tried to escalate lending through its
Oakland County Business Finance Corp. and the microloan program.

"What we do a lot is to get the company in need of financing prepared with a
solid business case before they even ask," she said. "We are getting used to
helping out more with nontraditional forms of lending - like maybe getting
multiple banks to collaborate."

Biggest lesson learned in the past year: "Constantly carve out time for family,
friends and health, because it makes a person more productive on the job."

If you could take a class in anything, what would it be? Public sector finance,
because it's grown significantly more challenging than when she completed it for
her master's degree.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                October 8, 2012

City asks developers to make local hires;
Language put in measure expanding downtown TIF

LENGTH: 1016 words


City asks developers to make local hires Language put in measure expanding
downtown TIF

Indianapolis city-county councilors hope expanding the downtown TIF district
will mean more jobs for their constituents.

Developers, city contractors and other firms benefiting from the expanded
economicdevelopment zone must try to ensure that 40 percent of their work force
comes from within the expanded TIF area.

The local-hiring target is a first for an Indianapolis tax-increment financing,
or TIF, district, and it could kick off a trend, as city leaders look to create
more of the economic development zones.

"I want this to be a model," said Councilor Vop Osili, who wrote the
local-hiring provision into the controversial TIF-expansion ordinance. Democrats
Osili and Councilor Joe Simpson co-sponsored the ordinance, which Republican
Mayor Greg Ballard saw as essential to redevelopment of the Massachusetts Avenue
fire station and the 16 Tech corridor at the northwest end of Indiana Avenue.

The expansion became a political bargaining chip, however, as council Vice
President Brian Mahern, an outspoken critic of TIF districts, sought to delay it
while he pushed for a new set of policies that would limit their use.

TIF districts capture the additional property tax revenue generated by projects
in the district to cover the costs of new infrastructure or other government
spending that makes the projects possible.

Cities throughout Indiana have relied on TIF districts as their primary tool for
economic development, but Mahern and others say the strategy is unsustainable
because state-imposed property-tax caps have left lo-

See WORKERS page 35 Continued from page 3

cal governments struggling to cover the cost of basic services.

Osili pushed through the TIF expansion after striking a deal with Deputy Mayor
for Economic Development Deron Kintner in which $1.5 million of the district's
revenue will be available to local residents for job training and another $2
million will be set aside for microloans.

The local microloans will be in addition to a citywide $10 million fund, which
Kintner is planning to roll out at a later date.

The council approved the expansion Oct. 1 by a wide margin, 25-2. Ballard
applauded the bipartisan vote, and in a prepared statement said the "catalytic"
projects will "create and support thousands of jobs."

It's unclear how many jobs will actually be created from projects inside the
expanded TIF. Ballard has not yet named a firm to develop the fire station site,
and representatives of Flaherty & Collins, who were waiting for the TIF to be
finalized before breaking ground on their Block 400 project, couldn't be reached
for comment.

Block 400 is to include 487 apartments and a Marsh grocery store, plus a $13
million parking garage subsidized by the downtown TIF zone.

The TIF expansion area includes an 11-block area on the west side of Meridian
Street between Vermont and St. Clair streets; neighborhoods northwest of Fall
Creek around Indiana Avenue and 16th Street; and properties along Massachusetts
Avenue northeast of Michigan Street.

The existing downtown TIF is much larger than the Mile Square. The boundaries
run from north of 16th Street to Mc-Carty Street and take in Eli Lilly and Co.
facilities on the southwest side.

Osili said it will be up to developers, or any other firm that receives a
TIF-related subsidy, to ensure that 40 percent of their labor lives in the local
area. The ordinance defines "local" as the expansion areas, plus a two-mile
margin around the boundaries.

Employers are also supposed to give preference to people who live in households
earning 75 percent or less of the Indianapolis-area median income, which is
$66,900, according to U.S. Housing and Urban Development guidelines.

Osili said he wants to make sure new jobs are going to people who need them.
Details on who will oversee job training and administer the microloan fund are
still being worked out, he said.

The local-hiring provision is a target, not a quota, similar to goals for hiring
women, minorities and veterans, said Fred Biesecker, general counsel to the
City-County Council.

"You have to make a good-faith effort," he said.

At-large Councilor Zach Adamson doubts the hiring target will be effective,
since it's not enforceable.

"There's always the fear they'll say, 'Sorry, we made an effort. We couldn't do
it.'"

Adamson said he sympathizes with the need for redevelopment in the neighborhoods
Osili represents, but he joined Mahern in voting against the expansion. He said
it captures too many properties, especially in Mass Ave, that would be
developed, in any case.

"I can't explain this to people in Decatur Township," Adamson said. "I can't
explain this to people in Lawrence Township."

The TIF-expansion ordinance requires the deputy mayor for economic development
to report every six months on how many people receive job training in relation
to new projects, plus the race, gender and place of residence of the trainees.

Kintner was out of town and unavailable for comment.

Ballard's administration and some city councilors are beginning a push to add
TIF districts all over town. The first of those, a "north midtown" district
along College Avenue north of Fall Creek, is already before the council.

Republican Councilor Jeff Cardwell is working to create an economic-development
zone along Madison Avenue on the south side that could result in a TIF district.
Ballard's deputies have also discussed TIF districts along Washington Street
both east and west of downtown.

Cardwell couldn't be reached for comment, but Councilor Jeff Miller, who also
represents south-side neighborhoods, said he thought a local-hiring goal might
be helpful in the Madison Avenue corridor.

Though he called 40 percent a "pretty high" hurdle, Miller doesn't foresee
opposition from would-be developers because it's not a binding quota. He also
doesn't have a problem with the additional reporting requirements.

"People feel like the reporting on TIFs isn't there," Miller said. "If this
makes people feel better, the taxpayer dollars are being monitored and
watched-over, go for it."

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 306 words


It's not often that I can agree with Jeremy Cronin, but this one time I can;
well, almost ("Building personal wealth on backs of the poor 'middle class'"
Cape Times, August 27).

He is correct that the microloan industry is replete with greedy, unethical
and/or illegal behaviour. Cash loans are bad enough, but loans disguised as
furniture purchases are worse since the transaction involves a person buying an
item at a basic price which is in itself too high, loaded with arbitrary
delivery and insurance charges and every possible fee together with the highest
possible interest rate the lender interprets as legal.

The source of the microlending disaster is The National Credit Act, flawed when
it left a mile-wide gap permitting usurious interest rates for smaller loans. In
its enthusiasm to provide credit to those who would not normally qualify, the
state created a monster which fed on those who could least afford the effective
90 percent interest rates sometimes reached.

The government completely misunderstood the theory of Muhammad Yunus who was
awarded the Nobel Prize for pioneering microcredit and micro-finance. The prize
was "for efforts through micro-credit to create economic and social development
from below". Micro-finance was intended for entrepreneurs who would add value
and repay the loan, or at the very least for acquiring durables, not for
consumption to get through the month or buying semi-durables at Ellerines or
Edgars.

Cronin is correct that loan sharking contributed to the Marikana disaster but
naturally omits, with breathtaking hypocrisy, that the biggest culprit was
Ubank, owned by SACP ally the National Union of Mineworkers with the Chamber of
Mines. Cronin contrives to be a consumer activist when in fact he is a member of
the government responsible for the microloan bubble.

Sydney Kaye

Cape Town

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

A few weeks prior to the New Year's Day, banks made a number of attractive
consumer loan offerings

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 243

LENGTH: 910 words


Reference: Evgenia Noskova "Holidays on Credit", Rossiyskaya Business-Gazeta,
No.51, December 29, 2015, p.6

For example, Sberbank offers a consumer loan at 14.5%, though such rate is only
valid in respect of the bank's payroll customers and if there is a guarantor.
Interest rates on unsecured consumer loans start at 15.5% (for payroll
customers) and at 20% (for other borrowers). Bank of Moscow offers deferment of
payments: the first payment on a cash loan taken in December may be scheduled
for February 2016. A deferred payment is "an excellent opportunity to spend
money on gifts and trips instead of repaying a loan," says the bank. The
interest rate on such loans starts at 16.9% annual.

The data from the National Bureau of Credit Histories (NBKI) shows that the
number of existing loans to buy consumer goods decreased by 10.2% (to 22.5
million) in Russia in general during nine months of 2015 compared to the same
period in 2014. The average amount of such loans increased 4% (to RUR 202.7
thousand). Home Credit Bank estimates that the number of those who intend to
take out a loan to buy gifts increased in 2015 compared to 2014 (14% versus
11%). Cash loans (47% of respondents) are the most popular loans. The average
amount of a loan to buy gifts is RUR 24 thousand in 2015, which is 13% higher
than in 2014 (RUR 21 thousand). The increase is comparable to the inflation
rate, says the bank. A survey conducted by Romir shows that the average amount
spent on gifts was RUR 6.5 thousand. Fourth of respondents planned a gift budget
in the range from RUR 1 thousand to RUR 3 thousand. 41% intends to spend up to
RUR 10 thousand, 3% more than RUR 25 thousand.

The demand for microloans is growing in the run-up to holidays, too. 40% of
customers of MFO Domashnie Dengi said that they would give gifts, including 15%
choose home appliances and 12% choose cosmetics and perfumery, said Domashnie
Dengi's press service. The most interesting purposes of taking a microloan
mentioned by borrowers include buying a ticket to a children's New Year party, a
trip to Moscow, treatment of a dog and buying a heater. The average amount of a
loan requested by customers decreased from RUR 24 thousand in 2014 to RUR 22
thousand this year. The term of a loan became shorter: Domashnie Dengi customers
planned to repay a loan within 45 weeks in 2014 and within 36 weeks in 2015.

The data from Home Credit Bank shows that the most popular term of a loan is up
to 12 months (the number of respondents who answered so increased to 71% from
64% a year ago). The number of customers who look into taking a loan for a term
of 1-2 years increased, too (15% versus 13% in 2014). The number of customers
planning to borrow money for a term of 2-3 years decreased to 7.3% from 11.2%.
"The number of applications for cash loans increased 14% in December compared to
November 2015," says Alexander Samokhvalov, Deputy Chairman of the Management
Board, Leto Bank. "However, this is much smaller than the number of applications
filed in previous years." The average amount of a cash loan granted by Leto Bank
is RUR 120 thousand.

"The lending market is unfreezing little by little," says Alexander Falev,
Chairman of the Management Board, Rosgosstrakh Bank. "All banks without
exception reviewed their risk strategies. What is retail banking like today?
There is an upward trend in secured loans and credit cards. The former includes
mostly loans against property and mortgage loans. The amount of lending is not
enough to cover the whole lot of unsecured loans granted earlier, but the
portfolio is being replaced step by step. This type of lending will be one of
the drivers in the medium-term." Credit cards are rather flexible both in
respect of debt repayment by the customer and in respect of management of risks
of providing a credit facility to the customer, says the expert. Today cards
offer additional preferences to customers, from discounts in shops to a cashback
option, Alexander Falev added.

Besides, banks accumulated a lot of information about their borrowers, along
with the similar information collected by credit history bureaus, he notes. It
opens wide opportunities for defining segments of bona fide borrowers and
offering them consumer loans on soft terms. Lending to customers on the open
market is recovering, too, but subject to severe toughening of requirements to
borrowers, said Alexander Falev.

"In 2015, the bank changed its product and distribution model to focus on
repeat, POS and corporate customers whilst reducing rates. Also, the bank
continued to improve its risk procedures. We enlarged the package of documents
required to be granted a loan without complicating the lending procedure
itself," said Alexander Samokhvalov.

There is some progress, therefore there is advertising of products and New
Year's offerings in which the most attractive rates are indicated, says
Alexander Falev. However, many banks are not eager to lend to anyone with a
pulse as the major objective of today is to step up a quality loan portfolio,
the expert noted. "Risks are assessed accordingly when credit offers are made.
Favorable interest rates may be offered to reliable borrowers, higher rates to
customers on the open market whose paying capacity and other criteria are not
quite clear to the bank. My advice to borrowers is that if a loan is needed
badly, apply for it to the bank in which you have a good credit history, a
deposit and a payroll card," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday

Karekin II hosted Managing Director of ECLOF

LENGTH: 410  words


His Holiness laid a heavy emphasis on the benevolent contribution of the
foundation to the
inter-church relations.

YEREVAN, APRIL 30, ARMENPRESS. His Holiness Karekin II, the Supreme Patriarch
and Catholicos of All Armenians, hosted the Managing Director of ECLOF
International Pat Gleeson, who was accompanied by the Chairman of Armenia's
board of trustees of the ECLOF foundation Archbishop Tatev Sargsyan and the
General Director of the foundation Tigran Hovhannisyan.


The Information Centre of the Mother See told "Armenpress" that the Catholicos
of All Armenians welcomed the visit of the ECLOF General Director to the Mother
See and expressed gratitude for the activity Armenia's foundation conducts in
Armenia and the support of the ECLOF International. In his speech the Catholicos
of All Armenians touched upon the present socio-economic state of Armenia and
underlined that due to the agricultural and educational programs a number of
individuals and communities were enabled a chance to overcome various
difficulties they have to face with. His Holiness also laid a heavy emphasis on
the benevolent contribution of the foundation to the inter-church relations.
ECLOF International was founded in 1946 in Geneva, Switzerland. Our first
mission was to offer financial support to churches throughout Europe, especially
after the Second World War. The first loans were used by churches to rebuild,
renovate, or expand their premises, as well as to establish schooling and health
facilities.
In 1959, after a period of growth and the reimbursement by European churches of
the initial loans, ECLOF opened its first international office in Myanmar. It
was rapidly followed by offices in Tanzania in 1961 and Argentina in 1962. By
the mid-sixties, ECLOF's work had shifted from Europe to the Global South and
from loans primarily to churches to microloans and development.
Throughout the 1970s, ECLOF developed a strong expertise in microfinance
services and reached out to increasingly many countries. In parallel with the
pursuit of our historic activity, ECLOF offered an increasing number of
microloans to impoverished and vulnerable individuals and communities.
Today, ECLOF has become the microfinance arm of the ecumenical family and
reaches out to rural areas that traditionally have not benefited from
microfinance as it has developed over the past several decades. Our aim is to
reach out tomorrow to even more isolated rural areas and poorer populations.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2013 Armenpress
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Regulator lowers rate ceiling for private loans

LENGTH: 336 words


The nation's top financial regulator said Tuesday that it would lower the
interest rate ceiling applied to private money lenders and expand the budget of
state-funded microloans in efforts to ease the burden on the low-income
brackets.

The maximum rate for private loans will be reduced to 29.9 percent within the
year from the current 34.9 percent, according to the Financial Services
Commission.

The ceiling rate, which is applied to low-credit borrowers who have no access to
the low interest rate loans offered by banks or savings banks, has been marked
down several times, since it first fell to 49 percent from 66 percent in 2007.

There were 8,694 registered private lenders here as of the end of last year,
among which three Japan-based companies -- Apro Financial, Sanwa Money and J
Trust -- account for over 40 percent of the total market.

"In the case of the top 36 lenders, their loan production costs fell 4.35
percent over the past two years, indicating that they may afford to lower the
interest rate ceiling," the FSC said.

"We will also reinforce supervision on illicit loan sharks to ensure that the
subprime loan business remains within legal boundaries."

The FSC also pledged to input an additional 22 trillion won ($20 billion) by
2018 into microfinancing services and debt-relief funds to provide to some 27
million people in the lower-income brackets.

The maximum interest rate for these state-backed loans will be lowered by 1.5
percentage points to 10.5 percent.

"These state-funded microloans will deter low-income people from rushing to
high-interest private loans as a last resort," the FSC said.

"In order to prevent possible loan default situations, we will strengthen our
evaluation of borrowers' payback capacity."

But as these state loans target the lower-income bracket, the financial
authority is willing to raise the default rate.

"As the people's livelihood came under pressure with the MERS outbreak, we will
refrain from pushing borrowers too hard for repayment," it said.

By Bae Hyun-jung (

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

Microlending in India ends in sorrowful mix of reality

BYLINE: Jack Markowitz

LENGTH: 526 words


Halfway around the world "microlending" has such a positive image.

Making very small loans to very small businesses -- who could be against it?

The presumption, not necessarily accurate, is very small interest to pay, too.
But the key is small: loan-making to the littlest of little guys, credit from
the heart not the vault. If only in America.

Extend petty cash, $500 or $1,200 say, to a Third World housewife. She can then
buy fabric and hire neighbors. They will sew wonderful things. Sales will be
made to tourist shops. An industry is born! And all from a credit so small the
ordinary bank wouldn't bother with it. Think of millions of tiny enterprises
fighting poverty the world over.

That is the image.

What a shock, then, to discover that in rural India there are debt-burdened
borrowers committing suicide -- under suspicion of strong-arming by
micro-creditors.

It is an unsentimental fact from the skyscrapers of Wall Street to the huts of
Asia that a loan is not a gift. It has to be repaid with interest. Loans from
the heart even in America -- to students, for example, or the subprime home
buyers of just yesterday -- are up against the same truth, hopefully not with
lethal results.

The government of a southern India state called Andra Pradesh told the
Associated Press it wants prosecutors to pursue 76 criminal cases.

The state in late 2010 blamed a rash of suicides on aggressive lending and
collection tactics by microfinance companies. Arrests followed but no
convictions. Andra Pradesh is India's largest microloan market.

An inside-the-industry investigation probed 44 deaths and found evidence in 13
cases of a link between micro employee actions and borrowers' suicides or
attempts. But the report wasn't made public and the companies deny any such
linkage. Three lenders dominate India's microloan market.

One said its people were cleared by police investigation; another that the story
has been hyped by politics and "emotional complexity."

A spokesman for one company emulated the pot calling the kettle black. He blamed
indigenous moneylenders, an age-old trade. The self-employed locals lost
business as microfinance companies came in. Then when suicides occurred, they
put a bug in the ears of officials to blame the sharpies from the big city. In
fact, according to this version, the blame belongs to family stresses and
hounding by those same old neighborhood sharks. Reportedly some cases were
resolved out of court with companies paying the bereaved families to go away.
Another denied any such payoffs.

Microfinance lending has come to a halt in Andra Pradesh. A new state law put
tough regulations on the industry. One leading lender, SKS Microfinance, plans
to sell 3.5 billion rupees in loans (about $72 million) to a government-run
bank. It's India's largest "securitization" of microfinance. But uh-oh,
securitization. Isn't that what covered up all the sloppy lending in the U.S.
housing bubble, to taxpayer-staked trash bins like Freddy Mac and Fannie Mae?

An Indian banker said there's nothing to cheer about for the poor of Andra
Pradesh. With the end of microfinance, "they're back in the arms of
moneylenders."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Loans, stocks and bocks - it's a lot to take in, but he'll try

BYLINE: Tom Atwell staff writer

SECTION: GO; What Ales You; Pg. E32

LENGTH: 671 words


Jim Koch, founder and owner of Boston Beer Co., likes to help the little guys,
because he still considers himself one of them despite the success of Samuel
Adams beers.

''When I started, I was the little guy and sort of still see myself as the
underdog,'' Koch said in a telephone interview last week. ''Even today, 25 years
later, we are still very much the underdog. We are not even 1 percent of the
U.S. beer market. It's 0.9 percent. We compete with giants, and I know what it's
like to be the underdog, because I live it every day.''

Koch's latest effort to help is a microloan program designed to assist owners of
small New England companies in the food, beverage and hospitality industries. He
started the fund with company money because he remembers trying and failing to
get a loan when he started his business.

Called Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream, the program so far has made 46
loans to 37 different companies totaling more than $350,000, which is estimated
to have created or retained 300 jobs. The largest loan has been $17,000, and
many are around $1,000, Koch said.

Most of those loans have been made in Massachusetts, and Koch wants to expand to
other parts of New England, especially Maine.

''There are a lot of interesting little businesses in food and beverage in
Maine,'' he said, ''and all they need is a loan to grow and start up, a good
business idea and the ability to repay the loan.''

Koch said repayment of the loans has been about 90 percent, so that each dollar
he invests in the program can mean $9 in loans to help small businesses before
it is used up.

Koch is working with Accion USA, the country's largest microloan provider, and
people can apply by going to the Samuel Adams website at
www.samueladams.com/btad/index.aspx or to www.accionusa.org.

In addition to the loans, Brewing the American Dream will let business owners
get speed coaching in areas such as sales, accounting, graphic design,
marketing, information technology, legal and packaging from Boston Beer Co.
employees. The program is also running business and financial literacy seminars.

The loan program is not the only way Koch has reached a hand out to the little
guys.

Boston Beer Co. runs two contests in which home brewers can get their beers
bottled by the company. One is called Longshot, and the company is going to pick
the best Category 23 beer - one that does not fit the 22 established categories
- submitted by home brewers to bottle. Another picks a home brew that is served
only at Patriots games.

When Boston Beer Co. made its initial stock offering, Koch also did it so that
beer drinkers - yes, my wife, Nancy, and I were among them - could buy 33
shares.

''That was a radical thing, basically selling stock directly to people,'' Koch
said. ''Normally, it all goes out to big banks and they sell it. But these
people paid $15 a share, and when trading opened, it was a little over $30. It
worked out well for me, because for the most part, the investors like you have
held onto the stock. I would rather have people who drink the beer own the
company than anyone else.''

When I asked Koch what he was planning for new beers, he said he was just about
to leave for Bavaria in Germany, where he is planning to work with the people at
Weihenstephan, the world's oldest beer company, to create a new beer.

''We are going to invent a new style of beer that has never been seen before,''
Koch said. ''It is going to be something like a cross between champagne, a
dessert wine and Samuel Adams Nobel Pils.''

The night before I spoke with Koch, I had the last beer from a four-pack of
Samuel Adams Double Bock, so that will be what I report on this week.

I am partial to bocks, and this is one of my favorites and perhaps the absolute
top bock. It is part of the company's Imperial Series, and is 9 percent alcohol.
It is intensely malty and a bit sweet, with a wonderfully smooth mouth feel. It
is a beer you want to savor and spend a long time with.


Tom Atwell can be contacted at 791-6362 or at:

tatwell@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday

Cash cow: Strolling of the Heifers has delivered on its promise to help farmers

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 615 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Even though The Strolling of the Heifers has grown to be one of
Vermont's premier summer events, and thousands of people are expected to descend
upon town today to watch about 140 cows walk down Main Street, parade founder
Orly Munzing has not forgotten what the weekend is really all about.

Munzing started the Strolling of the Heifers in 2002 to help raise awareness of
local agriculture and money for struggling farmers.

As The Stroll enters its eighth year, its reach has extended from the farm, to
the schools and into social service agencies.

Thousands of dollars have been raised that have funded education, support for
farmers and work programs for disadvantaged youth.

And as the annual three-day celebration kicks off today, Munzing said the
financial impact on farming in Vermont is stronger than ever.

"I don't think people realized really what we were doing in the beginning,"
Munzing said. "It was confusing, but we have been getting better at explaining
that piece."

During the first few years, The Strolling of the Heifers raised all of its money
through corporate support.

After the local bills were paid to put on the events, extra money went toward
farm-to-school programs.

Those programs were important, Munzing said, and dozens of teachers and schools
benefited from the grants that allowed visits to local farms.

But now the Strolling of the Heifers has grown into an important vehicle for
providing farmers with much-needed capital, as well as a way to educate area
children about the importance of agriculture in Vermont.

"When I started this, I asked farmers what they needed, and what they wanted to
see come out of it," Munzing said. "Every single day we lose a farm, and we
wanted to do something about that."

Last year, two Pete Seeger concerts raised about $50,000.

Working with Chittenden Bank and The Carrot Project, a nonprofit organization
that helps establish agriculture finance programs, a microloan fund was
established.

Martin Langeveld, a spokesman for The Strolling of the Heifers, said as farmers
use the microloan program and it grows, it has the chance to become a
sustainable source of funding for farmers in the region.

"We want to connect people with the food they eat and get people to the
three-day event, but we are also committed to raising money for family farms,"
Langeveld said. "This fund can really become a loan pool for farmers."

Munzing has promised another concert for this fall which will raise more money
for the loan program.

The Strolling of the Heifers also caught the attention of U.S. Sen. Bernard
Sanders, I-Vt., and last year he helped secure a $89,000 federal grant that is
helping to pay for a program this summer that will bring at risk youth to area
farms to work.

Aside from the federal money and loan program, the weekend event has pumped
about $140,000 into area farms and education programs.

This year, for the first time, The Strolling of the Heifers is sending out an
appeal letter to help raise additional money for the educational and farmer
support programs.

Munzing said the mostly volunteer group works all year to prepare for the first
weekend in June when the heifer stroll highlights three days of activities.

And while the event has received international press, and heightened the
awareness of the importance of local agriculture during the weekend, Munzing
said the help to local farms continues all year.

"We started this to save farms and connect people with the food they eat and
we've done that," she said. "If you told me we'd be here eight years go, I
wouldn't have believed it. This has taken on a life of its own."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer. com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Party's stars allying with Rep. Murphy;
He shared a legislative stage with Obama. Now, Clinton.

BYLINE: By Steve Goldstein; Inquirer Washington Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News Nation-World; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 753 words


WASHINGTON - Rep. Patrick J. Murphy (D., Pa.) and Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton
(D., N.Y.) shared a stage yesterday to introduce legislation that would
dramatically increase benefits to Iraq-era military veterans.

Calling the companion measures "a GI Bill of Rights for the 21st century," the
legislation would fully fund college education, provide affordable home loans,
and establish a "microloan" program for entrepreneurial business ventures.

It was the second time in several months that the freshman House member from
Bucks County has shared the limelight with a front-running Democratic
presidential candidate.

In February, Murphy joined Illinois Sen. Barack Obama in introducing legislation
to stop the Iraq troop surge and redeploy troops out of the country.

It is not surprising that "the party's power players" want to ally with Murphy,
said Chris Borick, a Muhlenberg College political science professor.

"He's young, he's photogenic, he's good at press conferences," Borick said. "His
military service and his duty in Iraq give him credibility on military issues
and positioned him among his freshman class as attractive to party leaders."

Murphy, who was delayed by voting and belatedly joined the news conference at
the Reserve Officers Association building across from the Capitol, ignited
endorsement speculation when he thanked a beaming Clinton, proclaiming: "She's a
winner!"

No, not an endorsement, Murphy said afterward. It was just rational exuberance
for the bill.

"She is a winner," Murphy said. "I've told people that I'm in one of the most
competitive races in the country," he said. "I've got 35,000 more Republicans
[than Democrats] in my district."

"I'm not endorsing a candidate for president," Murphy added. "I have to fight my
own fights."

Murphy is expected to be challenged in the Eighth District next year by the
incumbent Republican he beat in November, Michael Fitzpatrick.

Clinton met Murphy in Baghdad in 2003 when he was serving as an Army captain in
the 82d Airborne.

"I'm happy to see Patrick has continued his public service in another capacity,"
Clinton said at the news conference. "He's already taken a tremendous leadership
role in the House."

At the news conference, the pair also spoke in continuing opposition to
President Bush's Iraq war policies.

Clinton said she was baffled by the president's decision to name Lt. Gen.
Douglas E. Lute as war czar. "For the life of me," she said, wondering how this
would affect the military chain of command, "I don't understand what this is
supposed to be."

Murphy has been among the leaders in the House calling for the redeployment of
troops in Iraq. "The American people spoke in November," he said.
"Unfortunately, the White House doesn't want to listen."

An enhanced GI Bill was part of Murphy's election platform. Tapping a personal
connection with an 82d Airborne veteran working for Clinton, the two staffs
worked together on measures to be introduced in the House and Senate. Among the
provisions are:

Education. The act will finance undergraduate education for eight semesters of
tuition, and fund other costs. Military members now pay a $1,200 fee before
leaving the service, and the program covers 70 percent to 75 percent of college
tuition.

Housing. The act will exempt veterans from paying loan fees and expand
opportunities for veterans to buy, build or improve a home by increasing access
to low-interest loans for homes valued up to $625,000. The current program
requires loan fees and is capped at homes worth up to $417,000.

Jobs. The act would establish a Veterans Microloan Program. It would give
microloans for entrepreneurial ventures up to $100,000, with interest rates
capped at 2.5 percent and without requiring collateral.

The bill will guarantee eligibility to all service members - active duty,
National Guard, and Reserves - who have served since Sept. 11, 2001, and
deployed overseas in support of a combat operation.

The senator said the Congressional Budget Office has yet to tally the program's
cost, but her staff puts it at $4 billion to $5 billion a year - if fully used,
which Clinton said was unlikely.

"I'd love to do more, but this is a practical bill that Congress can pass,"
Murphy said, adding that it would likely be taken up by the House Armed Services
Committee, which counts both he and Philadelphia Rep. Robert A. Brady, also a
Democrat, as members.

"It's got a great chance," Murphy said. "Who's not going to support this?"

Contact staff writer Steve Goldstein at 202-408-2758 or
jlgoldstein@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Washington: SBA helps Parkersburg Small Business Beat Failure Statistic

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Shocking but true statistics: 20 percent of all small businesses survive the
first year, 30 percent survive the second year, and half survive the first five
years*. The U.S. Small Business Administration provides programs and services to
assist small businesses that are just getting started and help guide them in the
right direction.

MOVID Studios, in Parkersburg, West Virginia is one company that successfully
completed their first year of business and credits the SBA for helping them
getting over the first-year hump.

Jon Defibaugh, a former commercial producer for the local television station
with 11 years of experience, decided to open his own multimedia company in June
2011. Defibaugh struggled the first six months, as many new businesses do, but
was able to sign several contracts to keep him busy through 2012. However, there
was a problem; he had one camera, one computer and a car that was falling apart.
Defibaugh was one misfortune away from being out of business. That's when he met
with his local bank to secure the funding needed to purchase backup resources.

To his surprise, he heard from multiple banks that the business was "just too
young" and regardless of how nice of a guy he was and how good of a plan he had,
they wouldn't even consider giving him a loan until his company was 12 to 24
months old and was profitable beyond being able to cover the bills. Defibaugh
was faced with not being able to obtain a traditional loan and also unable to
secure a line of credit due to not having enough equity or income to justify the
amount he needed. His luck began to change when one loan specialist recommended
he speak to Tim James from First Microloan of West Virginia, an SBA designated
lender. With counseling from the West Virginia University Parkersburg Small
Business Development Center, partially funded through SBA, Defibuagh was able to
perfect his business plan and secure a loan through the microloan program.

Because of the assistance Defibaugh received from the SBA, he was able to
purchase additional equipment, expand office space, and take on regional
clientele. MOVID Studios is reclaiming the technology and video industry in
Parkersburg and allowing local companies to get high quality services that had
recently been outsourced to other states.

For more information please visit: http://www.sba.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Collection & Credit Risk

                                   March 2010

CompuCredit's Collection Cuts Exceed 300 In Georgia

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 15 No. 2

LENGTH: 366  words


CompuCredit Corp., an Atlanta financial services company, confirmed it will lay
off more than 300 collection agents and supervisors in two Atlanta area
collection call centers that will be closed by March 31, a spokesperson said
late today.

The company cited a decline in the number of credit card accounts the company
services. CompuCredit's core business is marketing credit cards and car loans to
subprime consumers, those who cannot receive financing through traditional
lenders. The company has been hit hard by the collapse of the credit markets,
losing $499.9 million in the first nine months of 2009, compared with an $87
million loss for the same period in 2008.

Earlier this week, Collections & Credit Risk reported the company will cut
nearly 400 collectors and managers in two call centers in Wilkesboro, N.C. and
Salt Lake City. The Atlanta-area call centers to be closed are in Duluth, Ga.
and Sandy Springs, Ga. CompuCredit's call centers in Las Vegas, Lake Mary, Fla.
and St. Cloud, Minn. will remain open.

In December, CompuCredit announced plans to spin off its payday lending
businesses into a new, publicly traded company called Purpose Financial Holdings
Inc. CompuCredit currently offers loans of less than $500 (it calls them "
microloans"), for terms of 30 days or less. Purpose Financial will operate
CompuCredit's chain of 316 retail short-term loan offices in Alabama, Colorado,
Kentucky, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee and Wisconsin.

The company noted that payday lenders "have come under significantly heightened
scrutiny from federal and state regulators, as well as community activists. As a
result ... many banks and potential investors have decided not to do business
with companies that own [such] businesses, even where the business opportunity
does not involve microloans."

Sameer Gokhale, an analyst at KBW Inc.'s Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc., wrote in
a research note that, "Separating the payday lending businesses would be a
prudent decision."

The proposed transaction would separate the companies by distributing Purpose
stock to CompuCredit shareholders. The plan, first disclosed last month, still
needs approval from CompuCredit's board.

URL: http://www.creditcollectionsworld.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CCR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 12, 1995 Monday

THE ENTREPRENEURS   Small Business   Federal bank tackles small-loan gap

BYLINE: Donald Rumball; GAM

LENGTH: 760 words


Donald Rumball
 IT'S nice to see the Federal Business Development Bank trying to do
something innovative about small loans to businesses - and without losing
its shirt. The Big Six banks have generally retreated from this kind of
microlending. But to achieve its goals, the FBDB will have to build
administrative skills it has not shown consistently before.

At the heart of the matter are "microloans" of less than $100,000.
Commissions and studies have highlighted these loans, often to new or
struggling firms, as the most serious gap in business financing.

The problem for chartered banks is that it's hard to make money on
them. On an average $25,000 loan, revenues from interest charges, net of
the cost of funds, are almost exactly equal to a bank's costs to put the
loan on its books and to provide for loan losses in an average year.

Administrative costs are about double the cost of loan losses, so if
there are problems, or special treatment is needed, the loan automatically
loses money, whether it is repaid or not.

Hence, the banks have tried to limit their microlending exposure to
problem-free loans. The most obvious solution to the problem - raising
loan interest rates - is deemed politically risky. About 80 per cent of
bank loans are made at prime plus two percentage points or less.

The FBDB (soon to be called the Business Development Bank of Canada)
charges much higher interest, generally starting at prime plus two. The
spread between its cost of funds and interest receipts is higher too - but
its loan losses are also three times as high. The net effect: The bank can
spend some money working with clients, but it too faces pressure to make
bigger loans with more room to manoeuvre.

What the FBDB proposes is to cut microloans' administrative costs by
getting clients to pay a big chunk of them. It will require borrowers to
pay someone from its CASE (Counselling Assistance for Small Enterprises)
network to look at loan applications to ensure they meet the minimum
standards.

The bank expects this will cut the costs of putting the loan on its
books by a big enough margin that it can deal with problem loans and still
make money. And by improving potential clients' preparation, their
survival rate should rise too.

"Financing without coaching can be dangerous," FBDB president Francois
Beaudoin says. If the client cannot afford the counsellor's fee - which is
not expected to exceed $500, the bank says - it will be added to the loan.

But will the counsellors be up to the challenge? Mr. Beaudoin
acknowledges the quality of the CASE network varies greatly from branch to
branch, and the bank is beefing up training and adding more structure to
the network. Yet counsellors are still poorly paid ($15 to $40 an hour),
and no one with valuable experience is trying to make a career of it.

So far, most counsellors have been retired corporate executives who
want to keep their hand in business. Many have not been well suited to the
assignments they have taken on.

Brien Gray, vice-president of the Canadian Federation of Independent
Business and co-chairman of a federal committee examining barriers to
small firms, is skeptical about consistency. His committee found that "the
delivery of services by the FBDB was mixed, both regionally and among
different product lines."

Warren Walker, senior vice-president, commercial lending, for the Bank
of Nova Scotia, has another concern. While he agrees clients would benefit
from advice, he argues that counselling should not be limited to the
FBDB's in-house service, a restriction which, he says, amounts to tied
selling.

If the FBDB has to spend more on counsellors, Mr. Beaudoin says he'll
increase the cost of loans. Some FBDB watchers believe he'll run into
political flak if he charges rates of prime plus four to six points. But
he doesn't have a lot of options.

Under its new mandate, the bank is empowered to seek "quasi-equity" on
financial markets, but it will have to make enough profit to cover
interest and dividend costs on this financing. If it starts losing money
on this important part of the mandate, it will not be able to increase its
capital base. It has already hit the ceiling on its current base - in
fact, it will have to ration credit beginning in July if the legislation
for its new mandate is not passed this month.

Of course, there's more to the bank's new mandate than microlending.
But this initiative signals its intention to become a true development
bank - if it can build a high-quality counselling arm to give the role
real meaning.

Donald Rumball is a Toronto-based writer and consultant on
entrepreneurial issues.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            March 5, 2009, Thursday

Taking a page from Washington, cities craft their own stimulus

BYLINE: Jeremy Kutner Contributor to The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: national; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1063 words


Business in the tiny northern California town of Lakeport is withering. Weekend
pleasure boaters aren't coming to Clear Lake like they used to, and credit
remains almost impossible to come by.

So Lakeport made a bold decision: Even in a time of budget deficits, it agreed
to sell some of its own property and use the cash to fund loans to help save the
stores of its gold rush-era downtown.

Like a handful of cities from New York to San Francisco, Lakeport is not waiting
for a federal stimulus to see their businesses through the current crisis. The
plans are often controversial and in some cases unprecedented, exposing the
cities to the risks of defaulting businesses. But there is no blueprint for how
cities should manage their own small-business recoveries, and the scope of the
problem demands action.

"We're in a situation where we have to do what we can to try and pull ourselves
up by our bootstraps and not stand by and do nothing," says Richard Knoll,
director of the Lakeport's redevelopment agency.

The municipal relief efforts encompass a wide array of strategies:

- Several cities, including Boston, San Francisco, and Bayonne, N.J., are
repurposing federal money to give microloans to businesses, to spur
construction, or to attract industries.

- New York City is spending $10 billion - much of it from its own pockets - to
get the local economy moving and to encourage entrepreneurs to spawn businesses
in emerging fields.

- On a smaller scale, Westport, Conn., has relaxed longstanding city rules by
allowing shops to place signs on the sidewalk, hoping the advertisements might
gin up more business.

"The town doesn't have any spare change, but we can make other efforts and try
some outside-of-the-box thinking," says First Selectman Gordon Joseloff, who
says the city is also encouraging recently unemployed resident consultants and
investment bankers to donate their expertise to brainstorm for local shops.

Lakeport's decision to sell off $405,000 in city assets remains among the most
far reaching efforts to save local businesses. It is a town of only 5,100
residents that is already facing a huge budget shortfall of its own and is
considering major cuts in other areas.

Desperate times, desperate measures

Lakeport has made loans before, but always used federal dollars. The depth of
the economic downturn, however, is prompting cities like Lakeport to consider
new ideas.

"It's a little unprecedented, the scale of the problem now, so I think everyone
is on new ground," says Karl Seidman, a professor of economic development at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge.

Cities have a long history of local business development, he says, but they are
less equipped to deal with rescue efforts.

"The challenge for cities is that they've got their own fiscal crises to deal
with," says Professor Seidman. Yet for development programs "to make a
difference," he says, they must be done on a huge scale.

That concern percolates through Lakeport, which approved the loan scheme last
month.

"There's a fear there that this may be a bit more risky than any of us know,"
says Mr. Knoll of the redevelopment agency. "What are we going to be looking at
a year from now if the businesses need to close and can't make repayments?"

But, he adds, "rural communities don't seem to be getting the attention through
the federal recovery program that a lot of the urban areas are getting. We're
not sure if we're going to get much help."

Changing priorities

In truth, many urban areas are simply retasking federal money that they have
received for other purposes.

Boston recently announced the creation of a $350,000 microloan program that uses
federal grant money that the city has on hand to target struggling businesses in
poorer parts of the city. The goal is to help businesses overcome a loss of cash
flow and a tight credit market. The beneficiaries so far include an ethnic food
market and a discount store, both of which received $25,000 to help keep their
doors open, says Kerry O'Brien, spokeswoman for Boston's Department of
Neighborhood Development.

On a more expansive level, San Francisco is using $23.8 million of federal money
to entice companies to set up shop in struggling parts of the city. The effort
is part of a five-part stimulus plan that draws on federal and local funds to
pay for construction projects, training programs, and recruitment of overseas
industries - particularly from China. Similar microloan efforts are underway or
in planning stages from Bayonne, N.J., to Boulder, Colo.

"There is some potential for success here, with just keeping people employed,
even if at some point the companies don't make it. Until we get some job growth
that would be beneficial," says Michael Wasylenko, professor of economics at
Syracuse University in New York. "The downside is: Are we just delaying the
inevitable? That's a very hard thing to assess, especially with small
businesses."

Professor Wasylenko's hesitation reflects a wider concern with emergency
business stabilization. There is little way of knowing if the preserved
businesses will be the types of businesses that will thrive in an altered,
post-crisis economy.

In New York City, such concerns are paramount. The city is embarking on a $10
billion stimulus program. Some $3 million of that will be allotted to the
earliest stages of business development - helping entrepreneurs to move from an
idea to a viable business model. It also will provide office space and training
programs.

"You have to invest for the future at time when you are hurting the most," says
Seth Pinsky, president of the city's Economic Development Corporation.

In Lakeport, Roy Fields is still hopeful there will be a future for his swimwear
and boat-rental shop, On The Waterfront. It's far too early to close up shop, he
says, but revenue is down to $30,000 a month - $50,000 below his usual
break-even point. Mr. Fields' business was what Knoll, the city's redevelopment
director, had in mind when he came up with the city loan-stabilization program.

"I'm trying not to put my hand out, I'm trying to make it on my own," Fields
says. But many businesses, and quite possibly his own shop, won't survive
without a cash infusion, he adds.

"We need each other to survive, especially in a small community," Fields says.
"What [Knoll]'s doing over there is worth watching."

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            October 16, 2006, Monday

Big banks find little loans a Nobel winner, too

BYLINE: Mark Sappenfield and Mark Trumbull

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1381 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI AND BOSTON



HIGHLIGHT: The world of finance is realizing Muhammad Yunus's idea is more than
mere charity - it is good business.


Chris Brookfield can fairly say that this year's Nobel Peace Prize winner
changed his life.

He is not one of the hundreds of well-wishers who thronged Muhammad Yunus's
Bangladesh home this weekend to celebrate a bright moment for a troubled nation.
Nor has he ever received one of Dr. Yunus's microloans - loans of as little as
$30 that have helped raise millions from abject poverty.

Instead, Mr. Brookfield is a former venture capitalist from Redmond, Wash., who
has given up the life of dotcoms and wireless start-ups to raise money for
microloans. His Unitus Equity Fund has collected $10 million from investors in
order to offer small loans to the poor from Mexico to India.

As the world recognizes Yunus for his contribution to global peace, the world of
finance is increasingly realizing his idea is more than mere charity - it is
good business.

It is a trend that gives Yunus pause, saying in an interview that he would "like
to see microcredit remain a social enterprise." But mounting evidence suggests
that microfinance is moving beyond its modest roots, and Western banks are now
keen for a share of the action.

"It has caught the attention of serious investors like Citibank and [Dutch bank]
ABN AMRO ... and even the capital markets," says Syed Aftab Ahmed, senior
manager for global microfinance at the International Finance Corp. in
Washington. "The quality of the loan portfolios of these microfinance
institutions is very high."

Throughout the developing world, the concept of microfinancing has been
enormously successful. Yunus pioneered the idea in 1976 when he lent $27 to a
group of poor Bangladeshi craftsmen who lacked the collateral to receive a
traditional loan. The scheme worked, and in 1983, Yunus founded Grameen Bank on
the concept. It has since lent $5.1 billion to 5.3 million people. And the idea
has spread. The global supply of microcredit exceeds $12 billion for 50 million
borrowers, by some estimates.

A next step for microfinance is to achieve an even bigger scale by luring
investors from places like Wall Street, London, and Frankfurt. To some extent,
this is already occurring.

Some of the biggest banks in the US, Germany, and the Netherlands - Citigroup,
Deutsche Bank, and ABN AMRO - have units focused on the smallest of loans. In
most cases, these bankers - like other profit-seeking investors in the field -
aren't hiring their own loan officers in South Africa or Sao Paulo. Rather, they
provide financial support to grass-roots lenders, and expecting a profit in
return.

They have good reason to expect a profit. Historically, few microloans default;
Yunus says Grameen Bank has a 99 percent repayment rate. And while nonprofit or
agency support is typically vital for ventures started with microloans, a good
share of them have developed into self-sustaining businesses.

Though the banks' emerging microfinance operations aren't a major contributor to
their bottom lines, the steps hint at the promise of more Western money reaching
the world's poorest people.

Last month, for instance:

* TIAA-CREF, the leading provider of teacher pension plans, announced a $100
million global microfinance investment program.

* Citigroup and the Overseas Private Investment Corp. launched a $100 million
program to help provide capital for hundreds of microfinance organizations.

* Brookfield's Unitus Fund, a private equity fund that invests in microfinance
institutions (MFIs), placed a $1 million investment in Credex, an MFI in Mexico.

"I'm more excited about the return potential of microfinance than I am about
local venture capital," says Brookfield. "It feels to me like a global growth
business that has much more growth ahead of it."

As it grows, this field should see a variety of choices for investors, he says,
from initial public offerings of stock in some of the more successful MFIs to
insuring debts incurred by such schemes. "You will see all kinds of investment
vehicles," he says. "All of the same layers that exist in the traditional ...
capital markets."

Yet Yunus is wary of microfinance as a profit vehicle. "Maybe banks can make a
profit from it. There's no harm in it," says Yunus from his home in Bangladesh.
"But this is what loan sharks do."

"I don't want that conventional banks go into this. We have enough enterprises
generating money for profit," he adds. "I would rather think that the rich can
set up social enterprises."

That is how Yunus has expanded beyond his original notion of microfinance. In
addition to Grameen Bank, which means "Bank of the Villages," Yunus has founded
a company that sells solar panels to equip 2,000 homes a month - serving
villagers frustrated by Bangladesh's fickle power grid. Next month, French
soccer star Zinedine Zidane will come to Bangladesh to inaugurate the first
Grameen Danone Foods plant, which will offer inexpensive and nutritious food to
the poor.

And through Grameen Phone, Yunus has teamed with Norwegian telecom Telenor to
create Bangladesh's largest mobile network, and to bring solar- powered phones
to remote villages - some 260,000 so far.

"What he has shown is that different ... approaches can work," says Allison
Scuriatti, a spokeswoman for the Development Gateway Foundation in Washington,
which gave Yunus an award in 2004 for his work on Grameen Phone. "Everyone
around the world is looking at what he is doing because he is a leader."

In Bangladesh, he is more than that. Yunus's bank has benefited 6.5 million
families in 70,000 villages - almost every village in Bangladesh, says
Mustafizur Rahman, director of research at the Center of Policy Dialogue in
Dhaka.

"The news itself was received with a lot of enthusiasm in Bangladesh," says Mr.
Rahman. "I look at his success not just in economic terms but as social
empowerment - he combined loans with health education, women's empowerment, and
helped send children to school."

Amid the joy, many in Bangladesh also see Yunus's prize as a much-needed moment
of unity. Political fighting between the country's main parties has
incapacitated the government for months and sparked street clashes. Elections
are scheduled for January, but by law, the administration must cede power to a
caretaker government on Oct. 28.

"The good news comes at a time when the nation is tense," says Rahman. "This
will also inspire Bangladesh."

On whether it will inspire Western banks and investors, though, Rahman - like
Yunus - has his doubts: "This tinkering at the margins by bigger banks - I'm not
hopeful about that."

None of this means that nonprofits, philanthropists, and nongovernmental
organizations will become irrelevant to microfinance anytime soon. They will
play crucial roles in nurturing MFIs.

For all its profit potential, microcredit remains a world apart from Western
banking. MFIs require armies of loan officers. Since the typical loan is less
than $1,000, an MFI must make many more loans than a US bank would to create a
$10 million portfolio. Training all those loan officers isn't an overnight
affair. In many nations, dirt roads or haywire phone service challenge
microlenders.

Critics contend that targeting governance and corruption in poor nations would
do far more than microfinance, which reaches a relatively small number of the
world's poor.

Still, MFIs are making headway. "There's a growing number of MFI institutions
that are ready" to link up with commercial banks, says Shari Berenbach,
executive director of the Calvert Foundation in Bethesda, Md., which facilitates
investment aimed at ending poverty.

As the private-sector arm of the World Bank, the International Finance Corp. had
a microfinance loan portfolio of $421 million in June. But it sees its role as
helping to spawn MFIs in developing nations, and helping to attract capital from
major banks and investment pools.

The loans are priced for profit, and the IFC network boasted $4 billion in
microloans in December, with 2.5 million borrowers.

That's good, finance experts say. "There will never be enough donor dollars out
there to directly address poverty alleviation," says Bruce MacDonald of Accion
International, a nonprofit group that pioneered microlending in Latin America.
"The capital market is going to have to get involved."

* David Montero contributed to this report from Islamabad, Pakistan.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Thousands to avail of low-cost loans under radical new scheme

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 856 words


TENS of thousands of families are set to avail of "hassle-free loans" of up to
(EURO)1,000 as the Government moves to break the dependence on moneylenders.

The plan, being spearheaded by the Department of Social Protection, will see
loans being approved within an hour with just minor credit checks.

Some 40,000 loans are to be rolled out per annum by the country's post offices
and credit unions in a major effort to provide an alternative to moneylenders.

Interest rates of up to 12pc will be applied on the loans - compared to rates of
up to 188pc applied by private firms.

A pilot scheme, which could be in place by September, is specifically aimed at
low to middle-income earners who may have been refused loans by the banks.

It is envisaged that repayments would be virtually guaranteed because people
would be required to have the money for repayments taken from their social
welfare under the existing Household Budget Scheme.

This is a scheme administered by the post offices which involves deductions
being taken from social welfare payments to pay for things such as rent bills.

Government sources say there will be a significant involvement by the Money
Advice And Budgeting Service (MABS) and St Vincent de Paul to ensure people
don't seek loans they cannot afford.

"We need to take the moneylender out of the loop and give low- to middle-income
families the chance to avail of hassle-free loans," said a source.

The Personal Microcredit Scheme is being led by Minister for State at the
Department of Social Protection Kevin Humphreys in conjunction with the
Department of Finance and other interest groups.

Oversight of the scheme will be provided by the Social Finance Foundation, which
collaborates with the banks and Government to promote responsible lending.

The Social Finance Foundation was set up with (EURO)72m in funding from the
banks with the aim of providing lending to financially excluded groups.

Chief Executive of the foundation Brendan Whelan said microloans would challenge
the operations of moneylenders. "The customers of the licensed moneylenders are
those who can least afford to pay interest rates of over 150pc," he said.

"The scheme will be designed to meet the needs of those who most need it, in
terms of simplicity, convenience, speed and affordability.

"The initiative should be seen in the context of addressing financial exclusion,
so that the benefits of being within the financial system are available to all
citizens," he added.

The Department of Social Protection envisages that the average loan sought under
the personal micro credit scheme will be (EURO)500. The scheme is seen as
essential in assisting in the revival of the post office and credit union
network.

It is feared that number of people using money lenders could rise to as high as
400,000 which has caused deep concern within Coalition circles.

The Irish League of Credit Unions (ILCU) said micro-loans will come as a boost
to the credit union sector. The move by the Government comes after the Irish
Independent revealed that thousands of people with loans from moneylenders could
be in line to have their borrowings wiped out and to get compensation, after a
case was won by a Donegal couple against a major moneylender.

Q & A Microloans ¦ What is the Government planning to do? Roll out a micro loan
scheme that will provide loans of up to (EURO)1,000 to 40,000 low to
middle-income families per year.

¦ So similar to the function offered by banks and moneylenders? Yes and no.
Those on very low incomes are often turned off from applying for bank loans
because they fear they will be rejected.

This scheme will provide loans with interest rates of up to 12pc - far less than
the extortionate rates charged by moneylenders. These are the type of companies
the Government wants families to avoid if possible.

¦ But don't moneylenders ask very few questions and provide the cash required
immediately? That may be so. But many have developed a poor reputation in recent
months and the Government now wants to provide an alternative avenue for credit.

Besides, moneylenders are in some cases charging customers interest rates of up
to 188pc on loans. This scheme is about providing a viable alternative to
moneylenders.

¦ Okay, I'm interested. How do I get one of these microloans? Through your local
credit union or post office. The scheme will be rolled out on a pilot basis from
September.

¦ What about those on social welfare. How will the authorities prevent people
from defaulting? Social welfare customers will meet their repayments through the
Household Budget Scheme, which many already use. This is a scheme administered
by the post offices which involves deductions from the likes of rent being taken
from social welfare payments before the money is paid.

¦ Won't it mean that post offices and credit unions will scrutinise my credit
history? That will be part of the course but the criteria is unlikely to be as
high as for other credit facilities administered by the likes of the banks.

¦ I'm concerned I might take out a loan that I can't afford? The Money Advice
and Budgeting Service (MABS) and St Vincent's de Paul can provide advice.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kevin Humphreys: leading Microcredit scheme

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday

Paul Winter Consort plays Friday benefit for Strolling of the Heifers at the
Latchis

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 424 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Saxophonist Paul Winter and his ensemble, the Paul Winter
Consort, will appear in two benefit concerts to support the Strolling of the
Heifers Microloan Fund for New England Farmers.

The first concert will be at the Latchis Theatre on Friday at 7:30 p.m.,
followed by a second concert at the Colonial Theatre in Pittsfield, Mass., on
Saturday at 7:30 p.m.

As a saxophonist, bandleader, composer and explorer of the world s musical
traditions, Winter is motivated by his vision of a musical and ecological
community, and has followed a steady course toward his unique "Earth Music."

His musical realm has long embraced the traditions of many cultures,
interweaving widely diverse instruments and elements with the extraordinary
voices from what he refers to as "the greater symphony of the Earth," including
wolves, whales, eagles and several dozen other species of "wilderness
musicians."

Formed by Winter in 1967, the Paul Winter Consort became one of the earliest
exponents of world music, combining elements from various African, Asian and
South American cultures with jazz.

The Consort includes Brattleboro-based cellist Eugene Friesen, who is active
internationally as a concert artist, composer, conductor and teacher. He
performs also with the Trio Globo, and is an artist-in-residence at the
Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City. He is on the faculty of the
Berklee College of Music.

The Consort also includes pianist Paul Sullivan, percussionist Satoshi Takeishi
and vocalist Theresa Thomason.

Strolling of the Heifers, based in Brattleboro, is dedicated to saving family
farms by connecting people with the food they eat. Last year, in partnership
with The Carrot Project, it launched the pilot phase of the Microloan Fund,
which will address the credit needs of farmers not able to borrow elsewhere.

Tickets for the Latchis concert are $45, $35 and $25, and are available at
www.brattleborotix.com or in person at the Latchis Hotel or at Vermont Artisan
Designs, both on Main Street.

At the Latchis, there will be a post-concert reception at which audience members
may meet the artists. Reception tickets are priced at $15 and are available with
any ticket level. Artist CDs as well as Strolling of the Heifers merchandise
will be available at both concerts.

Tickets for the Pittsfield concert are $45, $35 and $20, and are available at
www.thecolonialtheatre.org, in person at the box office at the theater on South
Street, Pittsfield, or at 413-997-4444.

For further information, visit www.strollingoftheheifers.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

M-Shwari clients in Uganda hit 0.6m in two months

BYLINE: DAVID HERBLING, hdavid@ke.nationmedia.com

LENGTH: 385  words


The Commercial Bank of Africa (CBA) has signed up more than 600,000 subscribers
in Uganda on its mobile-banking equivalent of the M-Shwari less than two months
after launch.


The Nairobi-based lender on August 9 unveiled MoKash in partnership with MTN
Uganda, seeking to replicate the success of M-Shwari in the landlocked economy.
MoKash is a suite of virtual banking products built on MTN's mobile money
platform where users can save and borrow micro-loans from CBA.
The CBA Group managing director Isaac Awuondo said MoKash is currently
processing an average of 2,000 loans per day; with average the loan size being
USh18,000 (Sh538).
MoKash loans are payable within 30 days and attract "a facility fee being nine
per cent of the loan amount," the CBA said, a refrain the lender has used here
in Kenya saying the microloans are not charged an interest.
"We do not charge interest," Mr Awuondo said in an interview with the Business
Daily. The minimum loan issued is USh3,000 (Sh90) capped at USh1 million
(Sh29,900), the bank said.
READ: M-Shwari loan charge not interest, CBA tells customers
The CBA said clients can also earn interest on savings accounts - paid quarterly
- of between two and five per cent depending on the savings amount, and the
credit history of the customer.
"Customers so far say that the product is very convenient, they like the fact
that they can earn interest on their savings and access instant loans when they
need to borrow," said Awuondo.
The privately-held bank said the MoKash platform had already mobilised about
Ush3.3 billion (Sh99 million) in cheap deposits.
MoKash now adds to CBA's basket of mobile-based microloan products - with the
first being M-Shwari in November 2012 and later M-Pawa in Tanzania, in May 2014.

The move may signal that other Kenyan banks with mobile-based lending products
such as Equity's Equitel and KCB M-Pesa may be exported to the regional markets
where they have operations.
CBA is Kenya's biggest privately-owned lender. The Kenyatta family controls
24.91 per cent of CBA through an investment vehicle dubbed Enke Investments Ltd.

CBA currently disburses loans via M-Shwari to an average of 70,000 Kenyans every
day, the lender disclosed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/73/147504359721.jpg

A man stands next to an M-Shwari poster in Nairobi. PHOTO/FILE

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       March 10, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Urban Decay Announces Ultraviolet Edge

LENGTH: 530  words


March 10 -- Urban Decay has always stood for the empowerment of women-from the
products they create to the causes they support. When the brand launched in
1996, the prestige beauty market was a sea of pink, red and beige. UD gave women
the alternative makeup colors they craved and challenged them to defy the
stereotypical notions of beauty. But it doesn't end with makeup. Urban Decay
announces the launch of The Ultraviolet Edge, their global initiative to empower
women. By supporting organizations that fight for the rights of women
everywhere, they encourage all women to embrace their individuality in
everything they do. At Urban Decay, that's the definition of beauty with an
edge.

Women's rights is a complicated landscape with many worthy causes, so Urban
Decay decided to pool together the money raised by The Ultraviolet Edge, which
will give them the flexibility to support a variety of organizations that are
doing incredible things to empower women. With this new initiative, UD plans to
donate three million dollars to causes that support women over the next five
years alone.

As part of their efforts, Urban Decay will be recognizing inspirational women
who rock their world-starting with a woman they've admired forever: Gwen
Stefani. Like Urban Decay, she has a history of breaking down barriers and hails
from Orange County, California. (Fun fact: She and Wende, the brand's cofounder,
met back in the early days of No Doubt and UD.) The makeup junkies at Urban
Decay dig Gwen's innate ability to set trends and defy expectations. She also
shares their passion for empowering women and will help give this initiative the
attention it deserves.

In their search for organizations that embodied the mission of The Ultraviolet
Edge, Urban Decay found yet another strong woman and entrepreneur, Karen Sugar.
For the first donation, they'll partner with Karen's organization, Women's
Global Empowerment Fund, which gives women the opportunity to rebuild their
lives in post-war Uganda. Through microloans and education, WGEF enables women
to establish themselves as strong, independent business owners. Empowering these
women to find their voice gives them the confidence to become leaders in their
communities and fight for the rights of women everywhere. UD's initial donation
will go toward:

* Microloans and business training for 1,400 women

* Literacy programs for 250 women

* Leadership development initiatives ensuring women have "a seat at the policy
table"

* On-the-ground infrastructure and local staffing to support the program

Getting involved is as simple as buying something most makeup junkies probably
use anyway: Urban Decay Eyeshadow Primer Potion. When you buy the new,
limited-edition shade Enigma, 100% of your purchase price goes toward The
Ultraviolet Edge. In turn, this money will provide grants for Karen's
organization and other causes dedicated to women throughout the year.

Get this limited-edition shade before it sells out, and help Urban Decay get
this exciting initiative off to a great start! Enigma Eyeshadow Primer Potion is
the first in a series of limited-edition products that will fund The Ultraviolet
Edge.

Source: Urban Decay Cosmetics

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday

Commentary: Minority conference shows government's swifter side

BYLINE: Randy Crump

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 478  words


Government, especially in recent times, has been pegged as slow and all but
useless - much like a sloth.

Sloths are the slowest of all mammals and sleep a majority of the time. When
they are awake, sloths only move when they have to - much like many a football
fan on Sunday afternoons.

It's easy to make the government to sloth connection if you've ever stood in
line waiting to be served by a government employee who should have quit or been
fired years ago. Yet it must be understood that this person does not personify
the government as a whole. And, in fact, there are more purposeful creatures
within our government ranks.

This was demonstrated this past week when the state of Wisconsin, led by the
Wisconsin Economic Development Corp., convened the 31st Governor's Conference on
Minority Business Development, known as MarketPlace, at the Potawatomi
Bingo-Casino Conference Center. The event included ethnic minorities, women and
disabled veteran-owned businesses under an appropriate theme, "Driving
Innovation with Diversity: Fueling the Competitive Engine. "

MarketPlace was a yearlong culmination of work by ethnic chambers representing
the African American, Hispanic, Native American, and Hmong communities;
organizations focused on women and veteran issues; various state agencies; and
the city of Milwaukee. The program highlighted the startup and continuation of
microloan programs by the African American Chamber of Commerce, the Hispanic
Chamber of Commerce - Wisconsin, and the Hmong and Native American chambers -
all of which were assisted with financial support from WEDC and the Milwaukee
Economic Development Corp. The new programs at the HCCW and AACC are both
supported by Wisconsin Business Development Corp., with more banking support
coming from Tri City National Bank and Associated Bank, respectively.

It was a pleasure to observe the organized project management, team work,
efficiency of execution and follow through of multiple governmental units to
create the microloan/revolving loan programs, as well as the cooperation between
multiple agencies to host the conference.

WEDC has had some challenges while morphing itself into a lean, business-like
organization, but it continues to forge ahead, creating a much more effective
and agile entity that will pay significant benefits for many years to come.

In particular, I salute outgoing Secretary/CEO Paul Jadin, Vice President for
Business & Industry Development Lee Swindall and Minority Business Development
Manager Seyoum Mengesha. These men, and the people who support them, work hard
each and every day (including weekends) to help small-, minority-, women- and
disabled veteran-owned businesses, in anything but a sloth-like fashion. Through
the transition and adversity, they got the job done ... sort of like the
indomitable honey badger.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      April 25, 2012 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Shoppers Donate $5.5 Million to Fight Poverty

LENGTH: 322  words


New Delhi, April 25 -- More than 180,000 poor individuals around the globe will
have a chance to lift themselves out of poverty, thanks to shoppers who donated
more than $5.5 million to Whole Planet Foundation during its five-week
Prosperity Campaign.

From Feb. 22 to March 31, shoppers donated at the checkouts in more than 315
Whole Foods Market locations, and online at: wholeplanetfoundation.org.
Customers joined in-store fundraising efforts - from garage sales and tasting
events to benefit concerts and fashion shows - all helping the foundation soar
past its 2012 campaign goal of $4.1 million.

"Thanks to shoppers' generosity, thousands of individuals who are struggling to
provide their families with basic needs like food, water and shelter, will now
have a chance to create or expand a home-based business and the opportunity to
change their own lives," said Philip Sansone, president and executive director
of Whole Planet Foundation.

Whole Planet Foundation also celebrates Tasha French, the winner of its "Small
Change for Big Change," essay contest and prize - a trip to India provided by
Intrepid Travel to meet microloan recipients first-hand.

In her essay, French shares how one handshake inspired her to launch a "street
newspaper" that has brought more than $2.6 million directly to impoverished
Tennesseans. Facebook fans selected French's story out of more than 200 personal
essays describing how individuals' small actions are driving world change. To
read French's full essay, visit: facebook.com/wholeplanetfoundation.

Through grants to microfinance partners in the U.S. and 50 other countries,
Whole Planet Foundation funds microloans in developing communities where Whole
Foods Market sources products. To date, the foundation has committed more than
$26.5 million and disbursed more than $16.5 million worldwide.

To learn more about Whole Planet Foundation or make a donation, visit:
wholeplanetfoundation.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                            February 25, 2005 Friday

Hempstead, Empire State Development sponsor Minority and Women's Entrepreneurial
Loan Trust Fund

BYLINE: Adina Genn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Need a business loan? If you're a woman or a minority entrepreneur, a new loan
fund has hit the street designed to help owners who traditionally have trouble
accessing capital.

That money comes in the form of the Minority and Women's Entrepreneurial Loan
Trust Fund for Long Island, which will provide low-interest loans of up to
$50,000 for fixed assets and up to $35,000 for working capital.

The trust fund, announced Feb. 17 by Kate Murray, Hempstead Town supervisor, and
Martin Cantor, economic development director of the Long Island Fund for
Sustainable Development, is sponsored by The Town of Hempstead and the Empire
State Development Fund.

The LIFSD will administer the fund, along with Long Island Development Corp.,
which recently exceeded the $1 billion mark in obtaining government contracts
for local small businesses.

The program, which currently has $125,000 available, will be promoted in the
media and to local government officials, chambers of commerce, economic
development agencies and bank branch managers, and to accountants and lawyers
who can inform their clients, said Roslyn Goldmacher, president and CEO of the
LIDC.

Entrepreneurs can combine loan funds with other financing sources, Goldmacher
said. "We anticipate that we'll make smaller loans. We don't want to use it in
one shot."

"The Town is committed to marketing this and making sure entrepreneurs know
about this," she said, adding that letters would be sent to households and
businesses in Hempstead.

The program should be a boost to minority entrepreneurs, said Mary Scott,
interim chair of the Suffolk County Women's Business Enterprise Coalition. "Any
time additional resources open up is a good thing," she said, especially for
women business owners. "Statistically, they fail less often. It's good to have a
program like this. Their success will encourage banks to open up their pockets."

The fund is an outgrowth of a former loan program offered by the Town of
Hempstead, said Goldmacher, adding that Hempstead and the LIDC approached the
state about expanding the program to women and minority entrepreneurs throughout
Long Island.

The fund targets the same market as the U.S. Small Business Administration's
Microloan program, which offers financing of up to $35,000 to small-business
owners who otherwise have difficulty obtaining loans.

"It's a good alternative source, a good way to stretch remaining Microloan
dollars," Goldmacher said. Financing, she added, can come partly from the
Microloan program and partly from the new fund.

Entrepreneurs interested in learning more can contact Cantor by writing to him
at the Long Island Fund for Sustainable Development, 55 Hilton Avenue, Garden
City, New York 11530, or by calling (516) 873-0706.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Future of Chester-le-Street's Steelcraft secured after crucial funding

BYLINE: Nick Gullon

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 346 words


THE future of a family-run metal company has been secured after it received
critical funding - ending fears it would be forced to close.

Steelcraft, based in Chester-le-Street, County Durham, received a £50,000 loan
from the Finance for Business North East Microloan fund, safeguarding all 23
jobs at the company.

The firm, which was established in 1989, manufactures architectural metalwork
including railings, gates, stairs and balconies.

Matthew Rodgers, commercial director at Steelcraft, said the funding withdrew
any possibility that the company would have to consider closing.

"That is a question that would have been asked if we hadn't received the funding
that we did."

Mr Rodgers explained Steelcraft will use the funding to help towards its growth
and diversification plans, which he said began over the last six months.

"We used to fabricate and install our products but now we have moved into
manufacturing only.

"We have big plans to take advantage of a resurging construction sector as well
as opportunities in other markets and we have now put the foundations in place
to do so."

Steelcraft's products are used by house builders and the company has also
supplied care homes and schools.

"Most of our work was done with local authorities, so during the credit crunch
we started experiencing cash flow pressures.

"The local authorities were cutting spending and we had to push into new areas
which we have found to be reasonably sustainable."

Mr Rodgers also said the company was "keeping an eye" on the economic climate,
following Britain's decision to leave the European Union.

"Brexit did not directly impact us as we aren't invovled with exports and
imports, but ultimately because we deal with house builders, it will go one way
or another.

"There are signs in the construction sector that the confidence is there" he
added.

James Holloway, investment executive at Rivers Capital, who are behind the North
East Microloan Fund, said: "Steelcraft have a wealth of knowledge in this
industry and they will use this to drive the business forward into its next
phase of growth."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Take the challenge

BYLINE: SCOTT PAPE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 516  words


Barefoot Investor YOU'VE heard about the ice bucket challenge, right?

The last time I did the ice bucket challenge I was at school camp and we were
trying to make Craig Jenkins wet the bed in his sleep.

Back to finance.

For those of you who don't have Facebook (my old man), the ice bucket challenge
is a fundraiser for the ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) Association. It
involves filming yourself dumping a bucket of iced water over your head, and
then challenging your mates to do the same.

It's like a socially acceptable selfie. And that's precisely why it's become a
huge social media phenomenon, raising a staggering $US100 million in a month.

Everyone is doing it: Bieber, Gaga, and Oprah Winfrey, even your Uncle Clive.
The last time the internet got taken with a cause like this was Kony 2012. And
that ended a short while after with the founder running naked down the road
playing with his fishing tackle.

Now some critics have questioned the charity behind the challenge, which only
spends 27 per cent of its donations on research.

Others have argued that it's a giant waste of water. Yet my argument is that you
don't have to pour a bucket of ice over yourself to donate money.

In fact, you don't have to donate money at all - you can lend it out. Kiva Karma
Over the years I've been a huge supporter of the microfinance sensation
Kiva.org, a Web 2.0-styled not-for-profit.

For the uninitiated, Kiva.org allows you to make microloans (starting at $25)
directly to some of the world's poorest entrepreneurs. They in turn use your
loan to start a business, and in the process often pull themselves (and their
families) out of poverty.

Think of Kiva as the eBay for microloans. Kiva works with local microfinance
institutions to collect repayments from entrepreneurs and provide lenders
(that's you) with updates on how the entrepreneurs are progressing - and an
impressive 98.77 per cent of all loans are repaid in full.

Really, where else can you spend $25 and get such a bang for your buck these
days?

You'll be directly responsible, for example, for a goat farmer in sub-Saharan
Africa building up their business and putting goat on the table. Eventually
they'll finish repaying the loan, at which time you'll be able to lend your
money out to another worthy Third World entrepreneur.

Another bonus is that Kiva gives you a "teachable moment" with your kids. They
get to see real people take what they'd blow on a pizza -after school and it
transform their entire family.

The Barefoot Investor Kiva Challenge After I wrote about Kiva in 2008, a bunch
of readers and I got together and formed the Barefoot Investor Kiva lending
team. We currently have 1062 team members, who as a group have loaned out
$279,000 to 10,321 entrepreneurs.

So today I'd like to issue a challenge to you: join the Barefoot Investor Kiva
lending team.

You don't need an ice bucket, water or a camera.

All you need is $25.

Simply Google "Barefoot Investor Kiva Lending Team" and join our (totally
not-for-profit) team.

Kiva.org is a wonderful investment in your wellbeing. You'll be richer for it. I
promise.Tread Your Own Path!

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              July 4, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sky's the limit for Paul's drone business

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 426 words


A STUNNING drone's-eye view video of Redcar shows how a photographer has reached
for the sky to help his business take off.

Redcar's Paul Kitchener started out as a professional photographer, doing the
usual weddings, family events and portraits.

But when he realised the photographic and video potential of aerial drones, Paul
changed course.

And now, thanks to a £25,000 loan, his firm, Peak Aerial Inspection and Imaging
Ltd, is securing national commissions to fly high and take images.

The company was founded in 2014 by Paul, who previously spent four years running
Peak Image Studio as a professional photographer.

But having learned how to fly a drone, he's now regularly drafted in by firms
wanting the inspection of buildings, plant and equipment at a height.

And while big pieces of industrial plant occupy much of his time, he does
commercial and promotional work too.

And to showcase the potential, he has released a video of "Redcar from the air"
to show how versatile - and spectacular - aerial drone videos can be.

Paul, who secured his £25,000 loan via the Finance for Business North East
Microloan Fund after an application by Rivers Capital, said: "I've been watching
the technology develop for the last couple of years and now it's where it needs
to be.

"You can fly a drone up a large flare stack, for example, and do a safety
inspection from the safety of the ground.

"The micro loan injection has enabled us to invest in the relevant training and
latest drone technology.

"Using industry experts and our experience as professional
photographers/videographers, we can now offer a one stop solution to industrial
inspections at height, saving man hours and shutdown time whilst minimising the
initial risk to human life."

But what's the secret of good drone photos and videos? "Don't rush it and keep
it smooth. Take your time so the images aren't jumpy."

The Microloan regional loan scheme provides loans of between £1,000 to £25,000
for businesses based in the Northeast.

It is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

The decision to provide a loan is not based on the assets a company has but
rather the overall quality of the business.

Investment executive James Holloway said: "Paul is a highly experienced
photographer with an excellent reputation in the region. Combining his skills
with the exciting drone technology will allow the business to expand into a lot
of new sectors, and we look forward to seeing what he does next."

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Emma Neal of Rivers Capital and Paul Kitchener of Peak Aerial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2016 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    January 20, 2000 Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Small businesses finding success;
 SBA speaker says options abound

BYLINE: Karen Nugent; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: CLINTON



- While Elaine F. Guiney won't go so far as to say small-business proliferation
is driving the thriving economy, she does believe many small businesses are
surviving and expanding because there is more money available.

The banks are lending more money, and people have more options -- whether it be
for start-ups or expanding -- and that opportunity is being rewarded,'' she
said.  The economic landscape is allowing for more complex and more varied
companies to start up, and for more stability for the future, when the slowdowns
come.

There should be less problems in the future, since new businesses can get their
sea legs, get their credit established, because there is a larger bundle of
money to spread around,'' she said.

Ms. Guiney, Massachusetts director of the U.S. Small Business Administration,
spoke to about 25 members of the Clinton-based Wachusett Chamber of Commerce
yesterday morning.

Ms. Guiney said 98 percent of all businesses are small, and one out of two U.S.
workers is employed by a small business.

The SBA, she said, exists to help small businesses succeed by offering programs
such as financial assistance and business development and counseling programs.

We create opportunities for small businesses -- from $100 microloans, all the
way to $1 million venture capital equity financing,'' she told the group.

The state's arm of the agency runs a business loan portfolio of 4,445 loans,
with a value of more than $540 million. This fiscal year, Ms. Guiney said, $240
million in loans were granted to 750,000 small businesses in Massachusetts.

She said 140 banks and lending institutions work with the state's Small Business
Administration office, including the Clinton Savings Bank, which loaned $235,000
to five area businesses this year. One of them was Callahan's Rent-A-Tent on
Chace Street.

We hope to make that 10 loans next year,'' Ms. Guiney said.

Besides the loan programs, the agency has established a network of Small
Business Development Centers, including the center at Clark University in
Worcester.

A new SBA program offering microloans to start-up businesses has yet to be
established in Central Massachusetts. But Ms. Guiney said she hopes to set one
up this year.

SHORE-NET in Lynn, an Internet service provider, is one microloan success story,
Ms. Guiney recounted.

It's now a great big company,'' she said.  People tend to trivialize these small
loans -- they think they're there for girls to start a home decorating business
or something. But there are lots of people who are able to start small and
grow,'' she said.

Another SBA program, called Brick and Mortar Financing,'' offers fixed-rate
20-year loans for business owners to expand or buy machinery or equipment, while
putting just 10 percent down.

The Sterling Country Club expanded using that program, Ms. Guiney said.

For business advice and expertise, the agency has the Service Corps of Retired
Executives, with five chapters in Worcester County; a Women's Business Center;
and free online courses.

Ms. Guiney said some of those courses are offered in Spanish and Russian, and
other SBA programs are geared toward women, minorities and veterans.

The SBA's Web site, at www.sba.gov, has won several awards during the last few
years, she noted.

Previously, Ms. Guiney, who lives in Dorchester with her husband and son, served
as the U.S. Small Business Administration's regional advocate for New England
and as the regional coordinator for the White House Conference on Small
Business.

Before that, she was the commissioner of elder affairs and the director of the
Office on Housing in Boston.

She was appointed to her current position in January 1999.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                  May 22, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Microlenders' debt book balloons to R30bn

BYLINE: Regis Nyamakanga

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 565  words


Microlenders' debt book balloons to R30bn

National Credit Regulator cautions borrowers and lenders against overextending
themselves as loans soar more than 25%

Financial Services Editor

MICROLENDING ballooned more than R6bn to nearly R30bn in the year to February,
according to figures released by the National Credit Regulator yesterday.

The data show that consumer appetite for debt is still very high, despite four
rate increases last year.

The head of the National Credit Regulator's research and statistics division,
Marlene Heymans, said the microlending loan book grew 27% on the previous year
to R29,2bn. Disbursements rose 19% to R32bn, she said.

This indicated that South Africans were sinking deeper into debt, and were
defying repeated warnings by the monetary authorities that they should not
overextend themselves.

Heymans said the credit regulator was concerned about the level of indebtedness.
She warned that if the trend continued unchecked, many consumers would soon find
themselves in a debt trap.

"We are concerned especially about consumers at the lower end of the market
because their ability to repay is less than that of people in other segments,"
Heymans said.

"We are cautioning consumers about taking on new debt. We are also cautioning
credit providers to issue loans responsibly."

She said the National Credit Regulator had taken over enforcement of the
exemption notice to the Usury Act from the Micro Finance Regulatory Council and
from next month, all credit-granting institutions would be governed by the
National Credit Act.

There are more than 2000 microlenders registered under the Usury Act.

The credit regulator regulates the majority of microlenders, including loans
made through banks and retailers, as well as microlenders such as African Bank
Investments and Capitec.

Heymans said statistics for the February quarter from microlenders registered
under the Usury Act reflected continued growth in microloans. She said
4,8million-loans valued at R8,8bn were disbursed in the quarter, up 3,5% on the
November quarter.

The average loan increased from R1 801 to R1 837.

During the quarter, banks disbursed R3,5bn, which was unchanged from
disbursements in the November quarter.

"This is the result of moderate growth in the microloan books of mainstream
banks, and moderate consolidation among microlending banks. The outstanding loan
book was R13,1bn at the end of the quarter," she said.

Disbursements by private companies rose 8,5%, from R3,56bn to R3,87bn, she said.
The retail sector was the main contributor to the growth because of increased
activity over the festive season. The outstanding loan book for the sector was
R13,98bn.

Combined disbursements for close corporations and trusts remained unchanged at
R1,2bn.

The average of the loans they issued was R764.

Heymans said disbursements by public companies also remained unchanged, at
R23,5m, in the February quarter, and the average of the loans disbursed was R
570.

Not-for-profit lenders reported a decrease of 11% in disbursements, from R66m in
the November quarter to R59m.

Heymans attributed the bulk of the decrease to one big lender that "usually
scales down operations during the quarter".

The loan book for not-for-profit lenders increased 3,5% to R96m.

More than 90% of the disbursements were loans to small business enterprises.

Disbursements by co-operative microlenders increased 12% to R73m, she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             March 18, 2013 Monday

President Bill Clinton Helps Launch Kiva City Little Rock to Bolster Small
Business Growth

LENGTH: 802 words


The program reaches underserved borrowers by crowdfunding loans, connecting
current and future small business owners to a global online community where
anyone with an Internet connection and $25 or more can lend to a local Arkansas
business at kiva.org/littlerock. Kiva City Little Rock is the latest
implementation of the Kiva City Initiative, a partnership between Kiva and Visa
Inc. (NYSE: V) launched at the Clinton Global Initiative America meeting in June
2011.

"Successful small business owners in Little Rock and across the country have the
power to accelerate job growth and economic opportunity for all of us," said
President Bill Clinton as he announced the national Kiva City Initiative from
the stage of CGI America in 2011. "They have the plan and the passion; and this
Commitment to Action will provide the much needed capital to start or expand."

Kiva City Little Rock is a collaboration between Kiva, Visa and Accion Texas,
with area nonprofits serving as Kiva Zip Trustees, helping to identify and
endorse the borrowers. Part of the power of Kiva City Little Rock is that it is
driven by local people with local solutions for starting or expanding small
businesses and stimulating job growth.

Through Kiva City Little Rock, everyone can help fill the lending gap for small
businesses by crowdfunding loans. Just visit www.kiva.org/littlerock, browse
small business owners' profiles and stories, and choose someone to support with
a loan of $25 or more.

"When small businesses do well, local and national economies do well -- local
jobs are created and communities are strengthened," said Janie Barrera,
president and CEO of Accion Texas. "The small business owners and future
entrepreneurs we work with have all the elements of success except access to
capital and training to grow their business and realize their dreams. The Accion
Texas partnership with Kiva City Little Rock will enable us to substantially
expand our efforts in the Little Rock area."

"Accion Texas began operations in Arkansas in late 2011 and, to date, has made
nearly half a million dollars in micro- and small business loans to start-ups
and existing small businesses," Barrera said.

Small dollar loans, or "microloans," are essential for small businesses to
accelerate job growth in Little Rock and across the nation. According to the
U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), small businesses create two out of
every three new jobs, employ over 50% of private sector employees and produce
more than half of the country's nonfarm GDP.

"Visa has a long-standing commitment to small business and financial inclusion.
Kiva City brings those together by making it possible for entrepreneurs to start
or grow a business when they might not be able to otherwise," said William
Sheedy, Group President, Americas, Visa Inc. "For small business owners, Kiva
City Little Rock can be the critical first step in creating jobs and realizing
long-term financial success."

In the Little Rock region alone, there are more than 69,000 small businesses
that employ nearly 330,000 people. This program provides loans as small as $500
and as large as $10,000 - amounts which can be difficult for some entrepreneurs
to access from traditional lenders due to the loan size or the borrower's lack
of commercial credit history.

Accion Texas will use its extensive network to identify qualified small
businesses in the Little Rock area that would benefit from a loan and then post
their profiles on Kiva.org. Small business owners and aspiring entrepreneurs can
start the application process at www.accionarkansas.org. Accion Texas aims to
provide loans up to $10,000 for borrowers, even if they have little to no
collateral.

To date, Kiva has launched similar crowdfunded microloan initiatives in more
than 50 cities and towns including Detroit, New Orleans, Los Angeles, and
Washington, D.C.

"This initiative gives everyone a chance to help support local jobs and
businesses in Little Rock," said Premal Shah, President of Kiva. "Every dollar
lent to a small business helps create jobs in local communities, which in turn
supports another local business, and another. As small businesses grow and
expand, local economies improve, helping to support schools, city services and
more vibrant and sustainable communities."

Several other area groups and individuals are joining Kiva City Little Rock as
Trustees on Kiva Zip. Kiva Zip is a pilot program that aims to expand the number
of entrepreneurs accessing microloans through Kiva's crowdfunding platform.
Trustees are technical assistance providers, community groups or individuals
committed to supporting social good through entrepreneurship and local job
growth. Through Kiva Zip, Trustees do not have to have their own loan programs
to connect borrowers to Kiva lenders; instead they endorse borrowers.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday

For International Women's Day, Honor the Inspirational Women in Your Life by
Helping Other Women Around the World

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 08 -- Today, all over the world, people are celebrating the 100th
anniversary of International Women's Day, a holiday devoted to honoring the
women who have inspired us over the past century and celebrating their
achievements.

World Vision, a global leader in microfinance and poverty reduction, celebrates
the achievements of hardworking women in communities where we work-women like
Nilza and Chheang who are helping to lift their families out of poverty through
small business efforts in their communities-while also recognizing that millions
of women in the world are still unable to meet even the basic needs of their
families.

"Today is a wonderful day to honor women around the world," said Karen Larsen,
Director of WorldVisionMicro.org, a new site that has connected thousands of
Americans with struggling entrepreneurs in Africa, Asia and Eastern Europe. "But
let's also take action for women who continue to struggle to meet the basic
needs of their families. We know that investing in women is one of the best ways
to improve the lives of children and entire communities."

In honor of International Women's Day, give the gift of a loan through World
Vision Micro and help bring one woman's dreams to life. You can find the stories
and photos of real women in Armenia, Kenya, Mexico, Philippines and Rwanda, and
support them through the donation of a microloan. A small loan enables a woman
to start or expand her business. The income gives her access to essentials like
healthcare, nutritious food for her family, an education for her children, and
the opportunity to save money for the future.

On the site, you can search for entrepreneurs by country, business type, gender,
or loan size, and then view photos and information on the entrepreneur's
business before making their donation. To ensure that funds are distributed
efficiently to its entrepreneurs, World Vision pre-funds loans; a donation for a
specific entrepreneur then backfills that same microloan. The majority of
Micro's loans go to entrepreneurs living in areas where World Vision is
addressing other development needs, such as safe water, health care, nutrition
and education, leading to an even more significant impact Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            January 15, 2012  Sunday

Students Offer Microloans to Help Campus Neighbors Start Small Businesses

BYLINE: Lacey Johnson

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 873  words

ABSTRACT

Hoping to make a difference in their communities, student groups are lending
money to residents who are unlikely to qualify for traditional bank loans.

FULL TEXT

Small entrepreneurs typically turn to banks to finance their business ideas, but
in a handful of college towns, they have a new option: Just ask the students.

In the last four years, about a dozen student groups have begun offering loans
to local residents who want to start businesses but are unlikely to qualify for
traditional bank loans.

"We're making loans to the people who need them most. In between classes," is
the tag line of the Campus Microfinance Alliance, a national network whose
members include Bentley and St. Cloud State Universities. Yale University's
group, the Elmseed Enterprise Fund, is believed to have been the first; Brown
and Rutgers Universities and Grinnell College have since developed particularly
robust programs. The clubs, often established as nonprofits, have helped
hundreds of university neighbors around the country start barbershops, bakeries,
and hot-dog stands with modest loans, usually less than $5,000.

Rohan Mathew and Joe Shure, working for the campus newspaper at Rutgers in 2008,
noticed how difficult the recession had made life in New Brunswick, N.J. Many
low-income residents, they found, were operating side businesses out of their
homes for extra cash. They wanted to pursue that work full time but couldn't
find enough start-up capital.

"We said, 'That's crazy. These are hard-working people,'" Mr. Mathew remembers.
"We really thought as college students we could make an impact in someone's
small business."

So the friends-double majors in math and physics and history and political
science, respectively-sat down in the dorm and worked out a plan to offer loans
and training to low-income entrepreneurs in the local area. Despite the
students' lack of formal education in business, they managed to win a handful of
local grants, including one for $25,000 in a university-sponsored business-plan
competition. Those funds allowed them to open a nonprofit, the Intersect Fund,
which, after their graduation, is still operated almost entirely by student
volunteers.

The project initially met a lot of skepticism, Mr. Mathew recalls. "People said,
'You're college students. You can't do this. No one is going to trust you.'" But
they have gone on to help Bill Rawles make his landscaping and
property-maintenance venture a full-time, year-round business, and Gretchen
Campbell, who was sewing custom pillows and bags, register her company. Since
2008, the fund has provided more than 100 small loans, more than any other
microlender in the state.

Statistics for Art Majors

Students at other colleges have shown similar determination, says Vanessa L.
Carter, director of the national alliance, which helps start and expand
campus-based programs.

"There are so many students eager to get involved and make a difference," she
says. In the last two years, representatives from about 50 colleges have
contacted the alliance with interest in starting new chapters. Neighborhoods
surrounding many campuses are in poor condition, she points out; the high
unemployment rate, she thinks, has prompted more students to act.

The Rutgers group, as others, trains its student volunteers. Some then teach an
eight-week course, Entrepreneur University, on marketing, bookkeeping, and
writing a business plan. Others review loan applications and discuss finances
with clients. The personal relationship between students and borrowers is part
of the reason the group has been successful, Mr. Mathew says: Clients know the
names and faces they are disappointing if they fail to repay their loans.
Despite a 15-percent interest rate, no one has defaulted on a payment yet. Yale
has a similar track record, with a repayment rate of 91 percent.

Few volunteers who run microloan programs are studying business. A chance to
develop teaching and documentary-filmmaking skills drew Alexis Seccombe, a
graduate student in comparative literature at the University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill, to the campus's Community Empowerment Fund. Among the 70 student
volunteers there, majors are "remarkably all over the place," she says.

An art student may take promotional photos, while a statistics major conducts
surveys to analyze borrowers' business growth. The human connection is what
tends to keep volunteers engaged, Mr. Mathew says.

Gaining practical experience also appealed to Nayantara Choudhary, a
global-studies and business-management major at Rutgers. "I had been learning
all these things in my classes, and I could finally apply it in real life," she
says. She hopes to go on to work in the field of nonprofit microenterprise, a
decision largely influenced by her two years at the Intersect Fund.

This summer, through an internship called Lend for America, the national
alliance will teach students how to start microlending and training programs in
their communities. Brown, Rutgers, and UNC will play host to the interns.

"People want to have careers with a conscience," says Mr. Mathew, who turned
down a lucrative Wall Street job in 2009 to stay on as executive director of the
nonprofit he started. "What I see right now is a shift in interest."

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tracey Amadi, a widow and mother of three from New Jersey, co-founded a
natural-skin-care company called Skin Arise with a loan from the Intersect Fund,
a student-run microlender at Rutgers U. She now serves on the fund's
client-advisory board.
Brendan McInerney
Students Offer Microloans to College-Town Neighbors 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

A hand up, not a handout;
FEATURE

BYLINE: Sue White

SECTION: MY CAREER; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 599 words


Helping asylum seekers is a win-win situation, writes Sue White.

While the politicking around asylum seekers appears to have no end in sight, one
non-profit organisation has outlasted the current debate.

For 20 years, the Asylum Seekers Centre in inner Sydney has helped asylum
seekers in the area with issues ranging from healthcare to homelessness.

Every day, people from up to 45 countries visit the Surry Hills centre for a hot
lunch, English lessons or medical appointments. They also access the job support
provided by the employment assistance program.

"We believe helping people with employment is a vital part of what we do," the
centre's chief executive, Melanie Noden, says. "It's important to assist clients
to transition into a new life, and part of that is trying to access employment
so they can contribute to their new community and give something back."

The approach keeps the centre's 10 paid staff and 160 volunteers busy year
round. Up to 450 people, many of whom arrived in Australia on boats, used the
centre's services in the past 12 months.

"Our clients are asylum seekers who are on bridging visas or about to go onto
one," Noden says. "Ninety per cent of our clients can't access government
support."

She sees work as a key part of identity. "It's similar for all of us - working
is a large part of your life. These are people who have always worked hard, and
want to be independent. They often come from countries where there's no such
thing as charity or support, so as a matter of pride they want to work."

Job advisers support people through tasks such as preparing resumes, researching
work opportunities and practising interviews. Once a job is secured,
transitional support for employees and employers helps through the first few
months of a placement.

"Without assistance, it's quite difficult for asylum seekers to get work - they
have no local experience or contacts," Noden says. "We work with employers to
educate them about what bridging visas mean. We show them how to check that
working rights are ongoing, and provide support for both parties."

A microloans program to help resolve barriers to entry has also been successful.

"Sometimes the barrier to going to a job may be they can't afford the work boots
or the uniform," she says. "We provide microloans of up to $1200 for these
purposes."

For at least one local employer, Pauline Nguyen of the Red Lantern restaurants
in Surry Hills and Darlinghurst, the difficulties faced by asylum seekers are a
familiar story - her family were Vietnamese boat people. "I'm a refugee myself,"
she says. "When we came to Australia, I watched my parents work hard - they had
no choice. Those opportunities led to social status, contribution, growth and
being a part of something."

While Nguyen prefers not to dwell on the politics, she points out that one of
the many misconceptions people have about refugees is that they don't want to
work. "These are people who aren't going to let you down, who will always turn
up for work - we employ refugees here, and the myth that they are unreliable and
don't care is just that, a myth. They come to work early, ask questions and want
to learn - they want to be here and do well."

Nguyen says there is an untapped pool of labour employers are missing out on by
overlooking this group, but says her involvement in the centre's employment
program goes beyond business or politics.

"Of course people must understand there may be a bit of a cultural or language
barrier," she says. "But we're here to share experiences and help people. It's
not a political issue, it comes down to humanity."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Myth busted ... restaurant owner Pauline Nguyen says asylum
seekers are hard workers. Photo: Sahlan Hayes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

A hand up, not a handout;
FEATURE

BYLINE: Sue White

SECTION: MY CAREER; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 599 words


Helping asylum seekers is a win-win situation, writes Sue White.

While the politicking around asylum seekers appears to have no end in sight, one
non-profit organisation has outlasted the current debate.

For 20 years, the Asylum Seekers Centre in inner Sydney has helped asylum
seekers in the area with issues ranging from healthcare to homelessness.

Every day, people from up to 45 countries visit the Surry Hills centre for a hot
lunch, English lessons or medical appointments. They also access the job support
provided by the employment assistance program.

"We believe helping people with employment is a vital part of what we do," the
centre's chief executive, Melanie Noden, says. "It's important to assist clients
to transition into a new life, and part of that is trying to access employment
so they can contribute to their new community and give something back."

The approach keeps the centre's 10 paid staff and 160 volunteers busy year
round. Up to 450 people, many of whom arrived in Australia on boats, used the
centre's services in the past 12 months.

"Our clients are asylum seekers who are on bridging visas or about to go onto
one," Noden says. "Ninety per cent of our clients can't access government
support."

She sees work as a key part of identity. "It's similar for all of us - working
is a large part of your life. These are people who have always worked hard, and
want to be independent. They often come from countries where there's no such
thing as charity or support, so as a matter of pride they want to work."

Job advisers support people through tasks such as preparing resumes, researching
work opportunities and practising interviews. Once a job is secured,
transitional support for employees and employers helps through the first few
months of a placement.

"Without assistance, it's quite difficult for asylum seekers to get work - they
have no local experience or contacts," Noden says. "We work with employers to
educate them about what bridging visas mean. We show them how to check that
working rights are ongoing, and provide support for both parties."

A microloans program to help resolve barriers to entry has also been successful.

"Sometimes the barrier to going to a job may be they can't afford the work boots
or the uniform," she says. "We provide microloans of up to $1200 for these
purposes."

For at least one local employer, Pauline Nguyen of the Red Lantern restaurants
in Surry Hills and Darlinghurst, the difficulties faced by asylum seekers are a
familiar story - her family were Vietnamese boat people. "I'm a refugee myself,"
she says. "When we came to Australia, I watched my parents work hard - they had
no choice. Those opportunities led to social status, contribution, growth and
being a part of something."

While Nguyen prefers not to dwell on the politics, she points out that one of
the many misconceptions people have about refugees is that they don't want to
work. "These are people who aren't going to let you down, who will always turn
up for work - we employ refugees here, and the myth that they are unreliable and
don't care is just that, a myth. They come to work early, ask questions and want
to learn - they want to be here and do well."

Nguyen says there is an untapped pool of labour employers are missing out on by
overlooking this group, but says her involvement in the centre's employment
program goes beyond business or politics.

"Of course people must understand there may be a bit of a cultural or language
barrier," she says. "But we're here to share experiences and help people. It's
not a political issue, it comes down to humanity."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Myth busted ... restaurant owner Pauline Nguyen says asylum
seekers are hard workers. Photo: Sahlan Hayes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Micro businesses should be at the heart of focus of Development Bank

SECTION: BUSINESS POST;NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 629 words


One of the key recommendations of last week's report into the creation of a
Development Bank for Wales was an increased focus on supporting microbusinesses
i.e. those rms having between 0-9 employees.

As most of us know, these smaller rms are the backbone of the economy in towns
and communities across Wales.

Currently there are 219,000 Welsh microbusinesses and these make up the vast
majority of businesses in the economy, accounting for 34 per cent of all
employment in 2014.

More importantly, this group of rms had the largest growth in employment (26 per
cent) in Wales as compared to 15 per cent for all rms during the period
2003-2014.

And during the period 2008-13 when the economy went through, and recovered from,
one of the worst global recessions in living memory, microbusinesses were
responsible for 85 per cent of the increase in employment.

However, research has shown that despite this job creating potential, they are
struggling to access nance and have a higher rate of rejection for funding from
the banks.

For example, data from the major survey of the nance needs of small rms - the
SME Monitor - shows that of those that had applied for a bank loan, only 39 per
cent of microbusinesses were o'ered what they wanted with 48 per cent being
declined by banks. 'is suggests a funding gap for those Welsh microbusinesses
that had been refused bank funding of around £40 million per annum. It also
estimated that the demand for debt funding from "would be seekers" - those
microbusinesses that had not asked for a loan in the previous 12 months because
something had stopped them applying - could be as much as £127 million.

But a recognition of this failure to support the nancial needs of
microbusinesses is not new.

For example, a Micro-Business Task and Finish Group recommended in 2012 that the
Welsh Government should facilitate accessible nance of between £1000 and £20,000
that is simple to access.

£60m '' 'is is why a specic microloans fund was developed in 2012 by the Welsh
Government and was eventually taken on by Finance Wales as one of their
products. However, given the high number of microbusinesses in Wales, there has
rightly been concern as to why the scale of this new microloan fund, at £5 4,000
million, was comparatively small given the scale of the potential demand from
this sector.

Indeed, whilst there was some doubt as to whether such a fund would work, it has
been a real success for Finance Wakes since it was introduced. Since its rst
investment in October 2012, £2.5 million has been loaned out to 105 businesses,
attracting a further £2.7 million of private sector funding.

fund could support around firms 'is clearly demonstrates the demand in the
marketplace from microbusinesses that was previously not being served by the
public sector in Wales despite the failure by existing private nancial
institutions to serve this '' market. Indeed, one has to wonder why there was a
reluctance by those previously managing Finance Wales, until prompted by the
Microbusiness Task and Finish Group, to introduce a fund focused on the major
job creators in the economy.

'erefore, as one of the key principles of a Development Bank for Wales should be
to drive forward economic development, one of its rst actions should be to
establish a larger fund that is specically aimed at serving the needs of
microbusinesses in Wales.

If a £60 million fund were created, this could support around 4,000
microbusinesses across the whole of Wales with the expectation that each rm
would create at least one job each. Certainly, that would create a major
economic impact and, more importantly, help support those microbusinesses that
are working hard to create employment within their communities across Wales.

'' '' £60m fund could support around 4,000 firms

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dylan Jones-Evans is creator of Wales Fast Growth 50 and Professor of
¦Entrepreneurship and Strategy at the University of the West of England

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 1, 2007 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

DEBT DONE RIGHT;
THESE CAPITAL REGION BUSINESSES HAVE USED BORROWED MONEY AS A TOOL TO GROW;
LOANS, CREDIT CARDS ENABLE SMALL BUSINESSES TO EXPAND OR ACQUIRE NEEDED
EQUIPMENT.

BYLINE: Amanda Kramer

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1442 words


George Krug and his wife, Susan Lobeck Krug, may now be financially successful
purveyors of alluringly aromatic coffee at Ancora Coffee Roasters, but like any
small business, there was a time when the operation wasn't exactly as rich as
the couple's deepest, darkest roast.

"We started about 13 years ago in March and we moved here from Seattle," Krug
said. "We did have to borrow (money) -- and we were majorly leveraged. We'd sold
our house in Seattle, moved to Madison and rented an apartment. We put our
savings on the line when the business started."

Thanks to a brother-in-law and father who loaned the couple money and became
equity investors, George and Susan were able to get Ancora off the ground.

The Krugs developed a regular payment schedule with their family and closed off
the initial debt within a reasonable amount of time.

Krug said the business still uses debt on occasion -- particularly a line of
credit and another loaned sum that helped them purchase one of their three
locations.

"Going into debt -- it was good and it was necessary," Krug said. "The good
things about debt are that it enables you to acquire other resources -- be it
plants, equipment, key personnel, some kind of marketing. I think you've got to
be able to produce a product, sell it and whatever it takes -- have resources
available. If you don't have equity, then you have to borrow."

And many small businesses will borrow. At least that's according to one of the
U.S. Small Business Administration's recent reports on small and micro business
lending. The SBA found that the number of small business loans outstanding under
$100,000 increased 25 percent between June 2004 and June 2005.

While the credit card market seems to be the most dynamic, according to the
report, small businesses in the Capital Region that are looking for extra
business cash may want to experiment with face-to-face lenders and learn to use
their debt wisely.

LOAN AMOUNTS INCREASING

Over the years, the amount of money that banks would loan to small businesses --
often referred to as "microloans" -- hovered around $25,000.

But times have changed, said Phil Greenwood, UW-Madison and Edgewood College
lecturer. The CPA, who teaches executive education at UW, said any small
business -- or an operation that employs about 200 or fewer employees -- is now
seeing microloan amounts expanding upward of $200,000.

And while getting your hands on the money may be one thing, managing it wisely
is surely another. Greenwood said there are ways that debt can be used to grow a
business, and ways that debt can be mismanaged.

"What should you go into debt for? Traditionally, I encourage people to go into
debt for hard debt like computers, machines, automobiles . . . anything that can
be collateralized in a business," he said. "Where you could get into trouble is
if you're financing salaries or ongoing day-to-day expenditures. Then (the
business owner is) starting to lose sight of where the debt is."

Marianne Dickson, vice president of lending operations for the Wisconsin Women's
Business Initiative Corporation, said successful debt maneuvering can be
surprisingly specific to the business and the business size.

"The real key is cash flow," she explained. "How much are they bringing in and
what they can afford to pay out (toward the loan)? Too often people have
borrowed so much and they can't afford their outflows."

Dickson agreed with Greenwood that using debt can be a "marvelous opportunity"
to buy equipment. She said if the owner knows the business is stable it could
also be used to expand office space or hire employees. But, Dickson warned,
don't start using loaned cash to cover operating losses.

"If you're running into cash flow problems, I hate to see people borrow on
credit cards," she said.

In fact, she explained, an organization like WWBIC often tries to cut those
issues off before they can even begin. By doing thorough background checks,
requiring a solid business plan and a close relationship with their borrowers,
WWBIC can keep an eye on potential problems -- or even suggest another
alternative for a young or small business.

DEBT CAN BE A TOOL

Deven McGlenn is no stranger to debt. In fact, it's practically second nature in
the biotechnology start-up field.

McGlenn works as the chief executive officer of NeoClone, a nine-employee
company that has keenly used a portion of debt -- and a lot of brainpower -- to
produce monoclonal antibody products for the biotechnology and research markets.

He explained that to start, the business probably borrowed just under $1
million. And now, he said, "the business is growing very nicely. We've more than
doubled sales . . . and this year we're anticipating a 300 percent growth over
last year."

So, what did NeoClone do right in the marketplace -- and right with their debt?

"We produced a quality product in a timely manner and serviced a market . . . it
comes down to Business 101," he said.

"In my opinion . . . the reality is that debt can be a tool as working capital,"
he said, admitting that with the business he's in he differs a bit from other
professionals' views on debt usage.

McGlenn said that debt in the biotechnology field can really be used based on
how you need to grow your business.

"You may need short-term things for a new major discovery . . . you may take on
a quarter million dollars of debt and maybe you get into a new market," he said.
"It can become part of cash flow . . . I don't see debt that goes to nonfixed
assets as being a bad thing."

However, McGlenn warned, if you're a small business without revenue yet and you
don't have a realistic sense of when you're going to generate that revenue --
you'll need to review how you'll use your funds.

'KISS OF DEATH'

So, when you're ready to use debt -- what should you do?

Just be smart about it, said Capital Region experts.

"Don't start your company undercapitalized," Dickson advised. "If you need
$160,000 and a lender is only willing to give you $65,000 . . . and if you can't
raise what you need . . . that can be the kiss of death. You're going to feel
the pain really quickly."

Both Dickson and Greenwood suggested looking into face-to-face lenders like a
bank, or an SBA lender, who will work with you to get the money you need.

Jim Hartlieb, regional president of AMCORE Bank, said he's seen approximately
300 to 400 small business loans, or "mircoloans," leave his bank this year. He
said their institution doesn't take lending lightly, and makes sure that
business owners or potential business owners have a well-documented business
plan in place before any money changes hands.

"It's really the components (of the plan) that are the most important for us as
a banker," he said. "We look for what your product is . . . are you selling a
service or a hard good . . . what's the competitive advantage or alternative out
there?"

"We look for how it's going to be priced . . . it's going to be competitive out
there, you need to demonstrate how you're logically going to do this," he
continued. "For a banker, the more anecdotal evidence you have, the more the
banker's going to believe in what you're saying."

Hartlieb also explained a key component of the plan is going to be businesses
"projections" -- where the business will draw revenue from, its expenses, and
the bottom line.

"Ultimately, the bank wants to be repaid through cash flow," he said. "I need to
be able to walk through the thought process behind each number."

DEBT ALLOWED GROWTH

For Krug, every bit of debt and hard work has been worth it. He said he and his
wife love their business and enjoy watching it grow.

Right now, Ancora has about 50 employees. Approximately 20 of those are
part-time workers (mostly college students). They've got three locations now,
operate a kiosk at Madison Area Technical College and sell some of their sealed
and roasted beans in various locations.

Has he ever worried about the debt the business carries? Not really, he said.

"Twenty years prior to starting Ancora, I'd had one or another company (that I
ran)," he said. "So I knew the challenges of making payroll every other week and
never missed one. I had confidence we had a good plan."

The value of the company now, he said, is tough for him to pin down --
categorically and emotionally.

"I haven't really sat down and thought about that...it would probably come down
to how much someone else would value it, but in financial terms, roughly it's a
market value of around $5 million -- but I hate to put it in that (term)," he
said. "The real value is the people we've brought together and what they can
produce as a team the product, the service . . . everything else that's a value
to our customers."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Apps George Klug, Ancora Coffee Roasters IstockPhoto, George
McCue - CRBJ photo illustration Leah L. Jones Deven McGlenn, Neoclone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

on the beat

BYLINE: MARK BRUNSWICK; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 348 words



HIGHLIGHT: IMMIGRATION // Loans aim to help young Somalis


The Minneapolis-based American Refugee Committee (ARC) took a look at some
daunting statistics in Somalia: 66 percent unemployment and 70 percent of the
population under age 30.

The ARC thinks it has a solution. If there are no jobs for young people, help
them create the jobs for themselves.

Last week the ARC unveiled a program using microloans and social media to help
young people in Somalia develop small businesses. ARC and its partners hope to
have it operating early next year and to involve as many as 50,000 entrepreneurs
in as few as three years.

For the time being, the group will start small, with 5,000 participants. Each
will be eligible for a $250 loan. Daniel Wordsworth, president and CEO of the
organization, explained the plan to a group that included local Somali business
leaders. It makes sense to reveal the concept in Minnesota, home to the largest
Somali community in the United States.

Those interested in participating would apply for a loan and propose a business
concept: fixing cellphones, a small fishing operation, repairing bikes.

Participants could get information about how to apply and how to run their
business from YouTube videos, with explanations about how to purchase equipment,
how much to expect in expenses and how much to save to make the business grow.

The money would be distributed through the extensive network of money exchanges
that are the lifeblood in a country with few functioning economic resources.
After paying the initial investment back with 4 percent interest, an
entrepreneur would then be eligible for a larger loan.

The prospect of a loan program in Somalia, struggling under 20 years of civil
war with no functioning government to speak of, might seem Pollyannaish. Yet ARC
has developed similar programs elsewhere in similarly austere conditions. More
than 75 percent of its recipients have been women, and 95 percent of its
microloans are repaid in full by loan recipients - a far higher rate than U.S.
banks enjoy.

"The smaller the loan, the more likely it has been shown to work," Wordsworth
said.

Mark Brunswick · 612-673-4434

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Spicer woman co-founds organization to help widows in Uganda

BYLINE: Linda Vanderwerf, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 845 words


Jan. 05--WILLMAR -- Every time she travels to Uganda, Tonya Thimons sees women
who once seemed without hope transformed in just a few months into people full
of excitement, hugs and smiles.

The women are widows or elderly, often caring for orphaned children, and some
simple assistance -- a few goats or chickens, a sewing machine and fabric,
jewelry-making supplies -- has helped them become self-sufficient.

They are aided by Destiny EWO Elderly, Widows and Orphans, a nonprofit
organization cofounded by Thimons which provides microloans and other assistance
for low-income people who meet their criteria in Uganda and the United States.

"They're so excited and full of life; their kids are excited," Thimons said in
an interview last week. "It's so amazing to see what they can do with so little
and just to see the changes in them."

Added Judy Leach, Destiny treasurer, "You can see the pride in what they do; I
see how they appreciate everything and every blessing they have, little things
that we take for granted."

Thimons, of Spicer, got involved when she heard about Ugandan women who were
having trouble getting their lives on track after being widowed.

Thimons, 34, whose husband died unexpectedly five years ago, was intrigued by
the idea of helping other widows and traveled to Uganda to learn more.

"I went there once and fell in love," Thimons said. She cofounded Destiny with
Paul Nkenge, a Ugandan friend. The organization recently gained its 501(c)3
tax-exempt status, making contributions tax-deductible.

In the United States, the assistance is often in the form of packing meals and
sending gifts to people in need.

In Uganda, the organization offers microloans. Some people raise animals
providing food for their families and commodities to sell.

Others sew dresses, aprons and bags. Some make jewelry with beads fashioned from
strips of paper. Those without a skill can receive training.

The people repay the loans in various ways. "If we give them a couple goats and
a couple of chickens, once those start producing, they must give back to us some
of the little ones, and we can give them back out to other people," Thimons
said.

Thimons has been joined in her effort by friends and family. The staff in Uganda
has donated its own money to get Destiny off the ground, too, and the staff is
invaluable to keeping the organization operating smoothly, Thimons said.

The Ugandan staff helps the Americans understand cultural norms and gain
acceptance in villages. They also translate. English is widely spoken in Uganda,
but more remote areas also have native languages and regional dialects. It's
common for people there to be fluent in six or seven languages.

Leach, a friend and coworker from Kingston, went to Uganda with Thimons. Both
women are sign language interpreters for an agency in St. Cloud.

Leach visited a village with Thimons and co-founder Nkenge. "I became a
volunteer and then was asked to join the board," she said. She's planning more
trips to Uganda.

"And now you're hooked, just like I am," Thimons said to her, laughing. "Sorry
about that, but I warned you."

The organization helps restore people's dignity as well as make a living, the
women said.

"They have pride of ownership," Thimons said. With their livestock or small
businesses, people are able to buy food, maintain their homes and pay children's
school fees.

The organization was founded on Christian principles, but it does not exclude
anyone who needs help, whether Christian or Muslim, Thimons said. Many people
Destiny helps in Uganda have HIV or AIDS but not all.

"If there's somebody who needs help, we will do all we can, no matter what,"
Thimons said.

Another person who's "hooked" now is Thimons' sister Brittany Schlecht, 16, of
Willmar, who spent two weeks in Uganda last summer.

She made friends with people and animals while there. She grew so close to one
woman, they came to call each other "sister."

She admired the way children listen so intently to their teachers in school, she
said, and she wished American schools could be more like that.

The people's resilience impressed her. "Here we have a ton of stuff, and we
think it's so bad when something goes wrong," she said. "They have a ton of
things go wrong, and they are still happy."

Brittany, a student at DREAM Technical Academy in Willmar, earned school credit
for her presentation about the trip. It was difficult, she said, because she
could hardly hold back tears as she looked at the pictures of her trip,
including photos of her "sister."

She didn't know if she could finish, she said, but her mom said, "do it for the
people in Uganda." Brittany works at Herberger's and is currently saving for her
second Destiny trip.

More information about the group can be found on its Facebook page, Destiny EWO
Elderly, Widows and Orphans. Donations may be sent to 11854 North Shore Drive,
Spicer, MN 56288. The group expects to be able to accept online donations soon.

___ (c)2016 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160105-YM-Spicer-woman-co-founds-organization-to-help-widows-in-Uganda-0105-20
160105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2016 West Central Tribune


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Mobile phone-based loans out of rates ceiling, say lenders

BYLINE: OTIATO GUGUYU

LENGTH: 437  words


Banks maintain the new rate caps that could see them lose billions in revenue
from microloans are not applicable to the mobile-based products.
Most banks offering the products charge interest rates at rates of between five
per cent and 10 per cent a month, which when compounded annually ranges between
60 per cent to over 100 per cent.


Leading issuer of micro-loans Commercial Bank of Africa said last Friday it is
insulated from the changes as its mobile-based micro-loans are "fee-based".
M-Shwari disbursed Sh40 billion in credit by end of 2015, according to
Safaricom, the telecoms partner.
"We are very clear about Mshwari loans being fee-based, the charge is not
interest. It is a one-time facility fee. Facility fees are not restricted. It is
a contractual deal," Isaac Awuondo, group managing director at Commercial Bank
of Africa said.
The bank's terms and conditions state that customers will pay a 'facility fee'
of 7.5 per cent within 30 calendar days of disbursement.
M-Co-op Cash
Co-operative Bank which offers M-Co-op Cash also charges a facility fee, at 10
per cent upfront for a monthly loan, 12 per cent for a three-month facility and
seven per cent for its monthly business loan and secured personal loan.
In 2015, M-Co-op Cash service had more than 2.7 million registered users and
supported over 12.5 million transactions. More than 183,000 loans were disbursed
through it.
READ: No clarity on mobile and small loan rates in new law
Equity Bank, whose new mobile banking and communications platform Equitel had
issued loans worth Sh20.8 billion by end of June, may be one of the largest
losers if the law is applied on the microloans as it charges two per cent to 10
per cent per month on 'EAZZY' loan.
This could be annualised at between 24 to 120 per cent per year and capped at
four per cent above the base rate set by the regulator.
KCB Group chief executive Joshua Oigara was quick to defend his mobile-based
loan book that charges interests on KCB-Mpesa loans.
"The law does not speak about the microfinance institutions at the moment and
our mobile lending is currently a micro business product in the industry," he
said in an earlier interview.
KCB M-Pesa has disbursed Sh10.3 billion in loans to its customers since March
last year. According to the bank's terms and conditions, customers are expected
to pay four per cent monthly on a 30-day loan, three per cent monthly for a
90-day loan and two per cent monthly for an 80 day loan.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/41/147379785532.jpg

Mercy Biyaki, a farmer, frequently borrows from the KCB, M-Pesa and M-Shwari
loans. PHOTO | DIANA NGILA

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

CREDIT CRUNCH ISN'T SQUEEZING EQUITY LENDERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 707 words


At a time when banks are loath to lend money to other banks, New Mexico's rural
entrepreneurs may wonder if it's even worth trying to obtain the credit they
need to stay in business.

That's where the Small Business Administration and its partners come in with
programs to help launch and build rural businesses and to help rural innovators
overcome the special problems posed by distance from customers, markets and
workers and the lack of a telecommunications infrastructure.

SBA's financial assistance consists of guarantees to banks to share the risk of
lending to entrepreneurs. Just this year the agency instituted the Rural Lender
Advantage initiative to foster economic development in rural areas by making it
easier for smaller community banks to partner with the SBA to finance small
businesses.

With a maximum loan amount of $350,000, expedited approval, limited
documentation requirements and the federal government's guarantee that the bank
won't lose its entire investment in case of default, this tool makes community
banks more willing to help New Mexico's rural entrepreneurs pursue their
business goals.

Pick your loan

The Patriot Express loan is the best deal available for those who are eligible:
veterans, National Guard members and reservists, active-duty military in
transition to civilian life, spouses of those in the military and spouses of
service members who died in the military or of service-related causes.

This express loan requires little documentation beyond the bank's own loan
requirements and provides up to $500,000 with the full SBA guarantee (the
government promises, in case of borrower default, to repay 85 percent of loans
up to $150,000 and 75 percent of larger loans). An additional benefit to the
borrower is the federal agency's lowest interest rate, and some New Mexico banks
add sweeteners of their own to the Patriot Express deal.

The Community Express initiative focuses on economically stressed areas of the
state. It is available in any part of New Mexico for up to $25,000, and many of
the state's rural areas are eligible for up to $250,000. Community Express
provides technical assistance for the borrower and expedited approval designed
to get funding where it's needed as quickly as possible.

Microloans are for borrowers not ready to request a loan from a bank.
Microlenders work closely with borrowers and are often able to make loans that
banks can't. The SBA microloan program is managed in New Mexico by WESST Corp.
The Loan Fund and ACCION New Mexico are also microlenders and are very active in
rural areas.

Finally, SBA's 504 loan program backs larger ventures and those with a
real-estate orientation. It has proved useful for manufacturing facilities and
tourist development in rural areas with a maximum project amount of $10 million.

A map to the money

New Mexico is the nation's fifth-largest state in terms of area, and it is the
SBA's third-largest district. Nevertheless, nearly every New Mexican lives
within 100 miles of one of the 30 places where SBA or its partners provides
management and technical assistance in New Mexico: the district office in
Albuquerque; three chapters of the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE);
six offices of WESST Corp., the New Mexico Women's Business Centers; and 19
Small Business Development Centers, some of which have branch offices.

SBA provides a small business Internet search engine at www.business.gov that
provides information about starting a business -- even in rural areas of the
state. The SBA New Mexico Web site, www.sba.gov/nm, provides access to a wealth
of business planning and management tools, information about SBA financing
programs, government contracting assistance and access to the many other
services SBA provides nationwide.

John C. Woosley, district director of U. S. Small Business Administration, New
Mexico District Office, is the author of this column.

Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                        July 1, 2016 Friday 12:19 PM GMT

Stunning video of Redcar released by photographer to show how spectacular drone
footage can be;
Paul Kitchener started out as a professional photographer, but when he realised
the potential of aerial drones, he changed course

BYLINE: By Dave Robson

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 439 words


A stunning drone's eye view video of Redcar shows how a photographer has reached
for the sky to help his business take off.

Redcar's Paul Kitchener started out as a professional photographer, doing the
usual weddings, family events and portraits.

But when he realised the photographic and video potential of aerial drones, Paul
changed course.

And now, thanks to a £25,000 loan, his firm, Peak Aerial Inspection and Imaging
Ltd, is securing national commissions to fly high and take images.

The company was founded in 2014 by Paul, who previously spent four years running
Peak Image Studio as a professional photographer.

But having learned how to fly a drone, he's now regularly drafted in by firms
wanting the inspection of buildings, plant and equipment at a height.

Spectacular drone footage shows Redcar's steelworks six months after closure

And while big pieces of industrial plant occupy much of his time, he does
commercial and promotional work too.

And to showcase the potential, he has released a video of " Redcar from the air"
to show how versatile - and spectacular - aerial drone videos can be.

Paul, who secured his £25,000 loan via the Finance for Business North East
Microloan Fund after an application by Rivers Capital, said: "I've been watching
the technology develop for the last couple of years and now it's where it needs
to be.

"You can fly a drone up a large flare stack, for example, and do a safety
inspection from the safety of the ground.

""The micro loan injection has enabled us to invest in the relevant training and
latest drone technology. Using industry experts and our experience as
professional photographers/videographers, we can now offer a one stop solution
to industrial inspections at height, saving man hours and shutdown time whilst
minimising the initial risk to human life."

But what's the secret of good drone photos and videos?

"Don't rush it and keep it smooth. Take your time so the images aren't jumpy."

The Microloan regional loan scheme provides loans of between £1,000 to £25,000
for businesses based in the North-east.

It is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

The decision to provide a loan is not based on the assets a company has but
rather the overall quality of the business.

Investment executive James Holloway said: "Paul is a highly experienced
photographer with an excellent reputation in the region. Combining his skills
with the exciting drone technology will allow the business to expand into a lot
of new sectors, and we look forward to seeing what he does next."

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Program to assist home businesses;
Aroostook County group secures grants

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: HOULTON


A local economic development group has coupled a $10,000 grant with an equal sum
of money from a Wiscasset community development corporation to craft a tool to
assist area home-based business owners.

Last December, the Southern Aroostook Development Corp. secured a $10,000 grant
from Machias Savings Bank's Community Development Fund to establish a revolving
loan program to benefit home-based businesses. The organization successfully
leveraged the funds it received from the bank with a $10,000 allocation from
Coastal Enterprises Inc. of Wiscasset to assist an even larger group of
businesspeople.

Propelled by Executive Director Jon McLaughlin, SADC is a grass-roots
organization that has worked for the past eight years to boost the economic base
of the region.

Coastal Enterprises is a private, nonprofit organization that provides financial
and technical assistance to people, businesses and communities in Maine.

Unlike other entrepreneurs who set up shop in a downtown store or another
location in a business district, home-based business owners sometimes do not
meet the criteria that is necessary to secure grants or loans to enhance their
businesses.

Under the new $20,000 microloan program, qualified applicants could garner
between $2,000 and $5,000 in loan money to better their enterprise.

Specific guidelines for awarding the funding are still being developed,
according to McLaughlin.

The executive director said on Monday that he applied for the grant after
attending one of several symposiums hosted by the town last summer to reach out
to entrepreneurs in Houlton who work out of their homes.

The forums attracted a blend of artists, consultants and budding entrepreneurs
who met to share stories, compare business plans and discuss obstacles they have
encountered, such as a lack of access to telecommunications equipment and
affordable health insurance.

McLaughlin said that several people at the gathering he attended said they could
benefit from having access to microloans to finance home-based business needs.

He added that he believes the loan program will further fuel the growth of the
creative economy in the southern Aroostook region.

The official unveiling of the program is scheduled to take place next month.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Collection & Credit Risk

                                   March 2010

CompuCredit To Close Four Collection Call Centers

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 15 No. 2

LENGTH: 388  words


CompuCredit Corp., an Atlanta financial services company, will close four
collection call centers by March 31. An estimated 740 employees - mostly
collectors - will lose their jobs as a result.

Company spokesperson Tom Donahue said the call centers will be shut down because
there is not enough work. The centers are in Salt Lake City, Wilkesboro, N.C.,
Duluth, Ga. and Sandy Springs, Ga.

More than 230 cuts will be in the Wilkesboro office and another 162 in the
firm's Salt Lake City office. CompuCredit's call centers in Las Vegas, Lake
Mary, Fla. and St. Cloud, Minn. will remain open.

CompuCredit's main business is marketing credit cards and car loans to subprime
consumers, those who cannot receive financing through traditional lenders.

According to Collections & Credit Risk, the company in December 2008 reached a
$116 million settlement with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Federal
Trade Commission after being accused of deceptive marketing practices. Under the
deal, CompuCredit agreed to credit certain customer accounts that had been
opened between 2001 and 2005. The company also agreed to pay a $2.4 million
penalty to the U.S. Treasury.

Two months ago, CompuCredit said it is considering a spinoff of its payday
lending businesses, according to American Banker, a Collections & Credit Risk
sister publication. The company offers in nine states loans of less than $500
(it calls them "microloans"), for terms of 30 days or less.

CompuCredit said these businesses would be spun off into a new, publicly traded
company. In a securities filing for the spinoff, the unit, Purpose Financial
Holdings Inc., noted that payday lenders "have come under significantly
heightened scrutiny from federal and state regulators, as well as community
activists. As a result ... many banks and potential investors have decided not
to do business with companies that own [such] businesses, even where the
business opportunity does not involve microloans."

Sameer Gokhale, an analyst at KBW Inc.'s Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc., wrote in
a research note that, "Separating the payday lending businesses would be a
prudent decision."

The proposed transaction would separate the companies by distributing Purpose
stock to CompuCredit shareholders. The plan, first disclosed last month, still
needs approval from CompuCredit's board.

URL: http://www.creditcollectionsworld.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CCR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                 March 29, 2017

Creditinfo acquires a Kenyan mobile financial services provider to facilitate
financial inclusion

LENGTH: 442  words


On Friday, 24 March, an agreement was signed between Creditinfo Group and
Alternative Circle, a Nairobi-based mobile financial solutions innovator, to
facilitate financial inclusion in Africa. Seed capital, as well as extensive
Creditinfo expertise in classic and alternative credit risk management, will
empower Alternative Circle to enable access to consumer data that was
unavailable before, therefore lowering barriers to a wider population to get
access to finance.

"Seeing the turn that the credit risk management industry has been taking during
the past few years, we are being proactive in finding alternative ways to create
data which can be added to the 'classic' historical data on consumers held via
our credit bureaus all over the world," says Reynir Grétarsson, founder and CEO
of Creditinfo Group. He adds that Kenyans are known for winning marathons, but
the country is also ahead of the pack in fintech innovation. "Alternative Circle
has the stamina to succeed in this competitive market and we look forward to
winning new markets with them", states Mr Grétarsson.

"The acquisition of Coremetrix last year, our psychometrics company, enabled
Creditinfo to win new markets fast. The strategic partnership with Alternative
Circle is expected to further enable Creditinfo to gain extremely valuable
consumer data that was not available in the market before. We are the efficiency
leaders in creating data, especially in the markets where there is none or few.
Thinking about the consumer first, we want to lower the barriers for him or her
to get access to finance, as this is our main mission in the emerging markets,"
affirms Mr Grétarsson. The know-how and solutions provided by Alternative
Circle, among which the facilitation of microloans, are to be adapted and
exported to other markets.

For Kevin Mutiso, the founder and CEO of Alternative Circle, this new
partnership with Creditinfo means a wider geographical footprint and greater
opportunities. "Partnering with Creditinfo will not only redefine the way risk
is evaluated in Kenya and the world but it will bring on to the credit-ecosystem
several SMEs that can now achieve their potential," says Mr Mutiso.

A considerable seed capital investment and a team of professionals working in
the field of scoring and decision automation services will initially facilitate
Alternative Circle to build a modern and agile mobile-based microloan platform,
created using newest risk management technologies and Creditinfo international
know-how. This platform is currently under testing mode and is expected to go
live in the coming weeks.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/542/1594/88/149078270154.jpeg



LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2017 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 March 19, 2012

$2.4M backs initiative to provide biz training for 3 Detroit neighborhoods

BYLINE: SHERRI WELCH; swelch@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 18 Vol. 28

LENGTH: 980  words


A new effort is directing support to an often-ignored category of entrepreneurs:
"underground" microenterprises in three of Detroit's immigrant and impoverished
neighborhoods.

The Global Detroit Neighborhood Development Collaborative will provide training
and microloans to grassroots purveyors of goods and services such as catering,
automotive repair, haircuts and janitorial or construction services in Detroit's
north end, southwest and western Cody-Rouge neighborhoods.

The goal of the three-year program is to help create businesses that will
improve incomes for neighborhood residents while building the local tax base.

"The census data often doesn't track all the economic hours and entrepreneurism
flowing through ... low-income, African-American and immigrant communities,"
said former state representative Steve Tobocman, who serves as director of the
larger Global Detroit initiative, which is administered by the Detroit Regional
Chamber and is leading work on the neighborhood initiative.

Those neighborhoods are often some of the most difficult to reach for economic
development initiatives, he said.

The Global Detroit Neighborhood project aims to help meet grassroots
entrepreneurs "where they are and give them the tools they need to build the
American dream by growing their business and doing the things that are necessary
to get access to loan funds," Tobocman said.

"If you look at who's getting the jobs, who is making the profits and where the
jobs are being located, that's what makes this work so powerful."

Based on a highly successful model launched 19 years ago in Minneapolis-St. Paul
by the Neighborhood Development Center, the Detroit initiative will rely on
community organizations to help identify entrepreneurs in each community and to
get them engaged in training.

The effort hopes to train more than 600 people from the neighborhoods over the
next three years and create at least 60 businesses.

Backing the effort is $2.1 million from the Battle Creek-based W.K. Kellogg
Foundation and another $335,000 from the New Economy Initiative.

About $300,000 will go to fund microloans of $2,000-$10,000, said Tim Thorland,
executive director of Southwest Housing Solutions, which is administering the
program.

The remainder of the grant money will go to fund the purchase of the
Neighborhood Development Center's training program, coordinating staff at
Southwest Housing and working with community development organizations to
strengthen their operations so they can provide the program's training.

Southwest is recruiting community development corporations that have won
residents' trust in the three neighborhoods and can help identify local
entrepreneurs for the training and provide it.

In the north end, where there is a large population of low-income
African-Americans, the collaborative is talking with Vanguard Community
Development Corp., Central Detroit Christian Community Development Corp. and
Focus: Hope, Tobocman said.

In Cody-Rouge, where there's a strong Arab-American demographic, it's talking
with Arab Community Center for Economic & Social Services. And in southwest
Detroit, where there's a large Hispanic population, it's in talks with the
Southwest Detroit Business Association, SER Metro Detroit, Latino Family
Services, the Consortium of Hispanic Agencies, Society of Hispanic Business
Owners and Professionals and the Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, he said.

"If we can help get 600 people engaged in training classes and help 10 to 15
percent of them start a business ... that helps beget jobs ... creates payroll
for those individuals (and) starts to contribute to the regional economy,"
Southwest's Thorland said.

The initiative is being finalized but could call for 20 weeks worth of training
that begins in a group setting and changes to one-on-one sessions, Thorland
said. While some who sign on may have nothing more than an idea that needs to be
moved to achievable goals, others may have a microenterprise but need to perfect
a business plan, he said.

The grassroots nature of the program is what drew Kellogg's funding, said
program officer Linda Jo Doctor.

"While many other efforts focus on funding and training immigrants with
high-tech expertise, Kellogg thought it was important to foster grassroots
microenterprises, people who are on low wages, who have been living in those
neighborhoods for long periods of time," she said.

"We'd like to see more opportunities for low-wage workers so they ... (can)
benefit in the (development) ... happening in Detroit."

The Minneapolis-St. Paul effort has trained 4,000 residents of immigrant and
low-income neighborhoods since its 1993 inception.

Those entrepreneurs were doing hair, auto repair, cakes or child care out of
their homes, making up a "kind of an informal economy underground," said Mihailo
Temali, founder, president and CEO of the Neighborhood Development Center.

Of the total in training, about 800 started businesses and the other 80 percent
learned "the easy, inexpensive way that their business concept was not a viable
idea at this point," Temali said.

According to the Amherst H. Wilder Foundation's biennial evaluation of the
program in April 2011, there were 468 businesses launched from trainees
operating at that point, he said.

Those businesses annually returned $68 million to the economy in the form of
payroll, business expenses, taxes and rent, yielding a 64 percent return on
investment for the project.

The payroll, property and sales taxes, alone, paid by those businesses pays back
the program's cost every 18 months, Temali said.

To date, the program has spawned 550 businesses that collectively employ 2,000
people.

Entrepreneurs in immigrant and low-income neighborhoods have a variety of
barriers to building a business, "but they have the most essential ingredient of
all, which is entrepreneurial talent and energy," Temali said.

Twitter: @sherriwelch

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     January 10, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

MyFight Fights Poverty in Third World Countries Via Microfinance Loans

LENGTH: 532  words


New Delhi, Jan. 10 -- MyFight, a Montana-based nonprofit, is helping fight
poverty in underdeveloped nations by empowering women to sustain and expand
their rural community businesses through microfinance loans, so that they can
support themselves and their families.



MyFight raises funds by selling its line of colorful and eclectic,
MyFight-themed T-shirts. A percentage of proceeds are given to the Adelante
Foundation, which makes microfinance loans to impoverished female entrepreneurs
in Honduras. The T-shirts are designed by artists from throughout the United
States. Prices range from $7 to $25.

"We don't want to feed the hungry, we want to end hunger," said Jesse Murphy ,
founder of MyFight. "Investing in these women through microfinance is quite
simply investing in the end of poverty. It is the innovation and tenacity of
these women that will stop at nothing until they can put dinner in front of
their kids, and send them to school ensuring that, for them, the story of
poverty comes to an end."

MyFight is helping women such as Honduras native Margareta of Flor de Campo ,
who uses her baking skills to, ironically, put food on her own table to feed her
children. Margareta spent eight hours a day making tortillas and only two hours
a day selling them.

After receiving a $100 microloan, Margareta was able to purchase a tortilla
press. This allowed her to make three times the number of tortillas in four
hours and devote the remainder of her time to selling them. As business grew,
she was able to hire her neighbor and put her children through school. Within
six months, Margareta paid back the loan, and the money then went to finance
another woman's business venture.

Microfinance involves loaning money to the poor in order for them to start and
grow small businesses. However, most banks do not view the poor as viable
clients and will not lend them money said Mike Wiesner of Colorado-based
Adelante Foundation.

"Popular misconceptions are that the poor will not repay, and that they will not
have the discipline to invest the microloan in a business," said Wiesner,
executive director of the Adelante Foundation. "The experience of Adelante and
other microfinance institutions has proved otherwise. For example, a repayment
rate of 97 percent among Adelante clients in 2011 confirms that lending to the
poor is viable."

MyFight was created by Jesse Murphy and Abram Hagstrom who met in 2009 and
realized they shared a passion to want to effect real change in the world by
fighting poverty, oppression and social injustice in Third World countries. They
soon joined forces and launched MyFight.

"When you see injustice you can't turn from it," Murphy said. "When you meet a
mother who tells you that the best hope she can give to her daughter is to give
her to an orphanage, you can't accept that. When two boys, no older than 10,
break out into a bloody fist fight for survival, you can't sit by and watch. It
doesn't have to be this way. But we don't fight primarily because the problems
are so bad, we fight because the solutions are so beautiful."

To purchase a T-shirt to help a woman in need of a microfinance loan or to learn
more about MyFight, visit www.myfight.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             July 30, 2011 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Small business loans touted

BYLINE: LAURA KINSLER, The Pasco Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 415 words


County is asked to make contribution to EDC program

BY LAURA KINSLER

The Pasco Tribune

NEW PORT RICHEY The best way to make an immediate dent in Pasco County's
double-digit unemployment rate is to focus on growing small businesses, the
county's economic development director says.

Financial giants T.Rowe Price and Raymond James could bring long-term economic
stability to Pasco, but it will be years before either company brings new jobs
to the area.

This year, the Pasco Economic Development Council began helping small-business
owners in the county by launching the Pasco Enterprise Network, a Web portal
offering links and advice for entrepreneurs. Now the EDC has teamed with former
county Commissioner Michael Cox to develop a small-business microloan program.

"You've got 13,000 small businesses in the county," Cox said. "If each of those
small businesses hired just one employee, you'd make a significant difference in
our unemployment numbers."

Economic development director John Hagan said he wants to create a revolving
fund offering loans of up to $35,000 for new and existing small businesses.
"They might be looking to hire another employee or buy a piece of equipment,"
Hagan said. "But these aren't the kind of loans they can get from banks. It
costs the banks more to service the loan than they would make in interest."

But local banks could fulfill a federal requirement that they invest in their
communities by contributing to the EDC's loan fund. Hagan said he has met with
officials from several banks, and two already have committed $25,000 to the
fund.

The Pasco EDC has committed $50,000, and Hagan and Cox have asked the county to
chip in $100,000 for the project.

"We'd like to raise between $200,000 and $250,000 to capitalize the fund," Hagan
said. "If we can get it up and running for a year, then we can go to the Small
Business Administration and qualify for another $750,000."

Hillsborough and Citrus counties already have microloan programs. "Quite
frankly, it's a tool we need because our competition already has it," Cox said.
"At the end of the day, it's about creating jobs."

Commissioners said they like the concept and asked Hagan to bring back a more
detailed plan in August.

"These loans aren't just for new businesses," Commissioner Pat Mulieri said.

"We've talked for years about how to help small businesses expand."

lkinsler@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-8109

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Lake Zurich congregation ships hope to a small town in Haiti

BYLINE: By Mick Zawislak mzawislak@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 513 words


Members of Alpine Chapel in Lake Zurich will gather Sunday to mark a milestone
in an ongoing mission to provide hope in an impoverished village in Haiti.

At noon, the congregation will gather around a brightly painted, 40-foot-long
shipping container in the parking lot to pray for safe passage of the vessel and
its contents of school supplies, church benches and other items.

Since last fall, Alpine has been building relationships and working with
officials in Colladere in central Haiti, about a four-hour drive from Port au
Prince. The goal is to help the community be self-sustainable, in part, by
establishing a church and school and a microloan program.

The two communities were paired by Bright Hope, a charitable organization based
in Hoffman Estates whose mission is to help those living on less than $1 per
day. Alpine is participating in what is known as Bright Hope's JELLY (Jesus,
Education, Loans, Love, You) initiative.

"So many people in America want to do something that's purposeful and bigger
than themselves. That's really how they view their church," said Christy Davis,
the liaison for Bright Hope. "They're to be a blessing to the community, not
just in Haiti but all around them."

Colladere is a community of about 3,500, mainly farmers, Davis said. But the
farmers are far from a market and have no opportunity to make money. The average
family goes without food three times a week and there is a high level of
malnutrition, according to Bright Hope. The organization says there are no
teaching materials or supplies for the school, which shares space with a church
made of sticks and palm leaves.

But there's something else there that has provided a lesson for those at Alpine.

"There's a real spiritual joy among the people there despite their impoverished
conditions," said Ken Toeller, who leads the chapel's JELLY team and visited
Colladere last fall. "Personally, for me, it's been a growing experience."

He said Sunday's gathering is the culmination of many pieces coming together, a
milestone in the two-year initiative.

Alpine has been hosting events involving the program every six weeks and has
funded a microloan program for 27 families to start their own businesses. Each
family receives a total of $400 in increments over three years. Increments
aren't released until all participants have repaid what they borrowed, Davis
said, but the point is they are making money from their work.

"You can think about tomorrow," she said of the residents.

The other part of the equation is the can't-be-missed shipping container in the
chapel parking lot. The container will be packed Monday and leave Lake Zurich
for Haiti on Wednesday. It is the first of two to be paired and converted into a
permanent structure to serve as a school and church.

The containers have been brightly painted and the inside walls are filled with
inspirational messages from Lake Zurich to villagers in Colladere.

"The container is just a piece. It's just a way families here can touch and be
part of something that will be turned into a life-giving thing," Davis said.

@dhmickzawislak

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Bright Hope A boy from Alpine Chapel in Lake Zurich signs a
shipping container with words of encouragement for residents of Colladere,
Haiti. Courtesy of Bright Hope A boy from Alpine Chapel in Lake Zurich signs a
shipping container with words of encouragement for residents of Colladere,
Haiti.Courtesy of Bright Hope A colorfully painted shipping container will be
filled by the congregation of Alpine Chapel in Lake Zurich with school supplies
and other materials for a poor town in Haiti. Courtesy of Bright Hope A
colorfully painted shipping container will be filled by the congregation of
Alpine Chapel in Lake Zurich with school supplies and other materials for a poor
town in Haiti.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

            February 4, 1997, Tuesday, DAILY: EARLY EDITION EDITION

Small-scale credit could help half the world's poor

BYLINE: SIMON KUPER, FINANCIAL TIMES

SECTION: SECTION 1; News; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: GRAPH


A poor woman in a developing country borrows US$ 200, buys an oven, and starts
selling hot food. She repays the loan with interest, borrows more money, buys
another oven, and soon is a prospering market trader. The money she repays goes
to other borrowers setting up enterprises.

So far eight million poor people worldwide have used unsecured microloans to
start businesses. Two-thirds are women, who usually find it hard to get credit
from commercial banks. With microbanks claiming repayment rates of 90% plus,
some projects fund themselves. And the borrowers gain dignity as well as money.

A three-day Microcredit Summit in Washington, which ends today, set a goal of
spreading microloans to 100 million people by 2005, through projects around the
world at an estimated cost of US$ 21.6 billion.

But many critics have attacked the summit's target. They say that microcredit
has flaws that "microfinance evangelists" ignore. And if it expands tenfold in
just eight years, it could damage other kinds of aid.

"Everyone agrees that microcredit is a good thing," says the British
government's Overseas Development Administration. "But that doesn't mean the
best way to make it flourish is to pour money down its throat."

Ben Rogaly, a development consultant to Oxfam and co-author of a book on
microcredit, warns that microfinance hype could divert funds from less
fashionable anti-poverty causes, such as famine relief. The Washington summit's
plan of action calls for US$ 7.5 billion in new spending from official aid
budgets. The World Bank's new Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest plans to
spend all its US$ 200 million in expected donor pledges on microlending. No
microcredit worker wants to take funds from other causes. All say that since
many microcredit projects have become commercially viable, commercial banks are
likely to pour in, producing an estimated US$ 10 billion in market rate loans up
to 2005.

Critics also charge that reaching 100 million people could mean spreading loans
too thinly. Research shows that one loan is seldom enough to drag a borrower out
of poverty -- the second and third loans tend to achieve that. Grameen Bank, the
Bangladeshi pioneer of microcredit, found its borrowers were taking five to 15
years to rise above the poverty line. So it is now turning away new borrowers,
and instead making repeat loans to fewer people.

The ODA says a tenfold increase in loans could overburden the microcredit
movement. "What we will have, if we're not careful, is no shortage of funds
flowing to too few microcredit organizations," it says.

Furthermore, Rogaly says, the old claim that microcredit reaches "the poorest of
the poor" is false. A study last year showed most loans reach the better off
among the poor. The very poorest have more immediate concerns than starting a
business.

When they do take out a loan, they spend it on staying alive. Many cannot repay,
and end up poorer than before. Women's World Banking, a leading microcredit
provider, responds: "We know we are not reaching the poorest of the poor. We are
reaching very poor people." And not all in the Third World -- microloans are
also made in U.S. ghettos.

Nicholas Colloff of Opportunity Trust, a British-based charity in microcredit,
says microbankers should occasionally help the poorest by providing loans for
consumption. "Your local wicked moneylender -- who typically charges
extortionate interest rates -- is usually not lending money to set up a store.
He's lending it for a funeral, a marriage," he says.

For 98% of the poor, the moneylender is the sole source of financial services,
says the Panos Institute, which specializes in development.

Another question is whether there is an endless supply of budding
microentrepreneurs. Entrepreneurial skills may be innate. Women's World Banking
adds that some cultures produce more business people than others. "India and
China are very entrepreneurial," the bank says. "In Russia, it appears to be
more difficult for people to develop businesses."

Rogaly says the summit's plan may well succeed. However, like any leap in the
dark, it is dangerous. But the prize is enormous. Presume that the average
microloan is given to a family of six. In that case, says the World Bank,
success could mean reaching half the people in the world who now live on less
than $ 1 a day.


LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

            February 4, 1997, Tuesday, DAILY: EARLY EDITION EDITION

Small-scale credit could help half the world's poor

BYLINE: Simon Kuper, Financial Times

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: GRAPH


A poor woman in a developing country borrows US$200, buys an oven, and starts
selling hot food. She repays the loan with interest, borrows more money, buys
another oven, and soon is a prospering market trader. The money she repays goes
to other borrowers setting up enterprises.

So far eight million poor people worldwide have used unsecured microloans to
start businesses. Two-thirds are women, who usually find it hard to get credit
from commercial banks. With microbanks claiming repayment rates of 90% plus,
some projects fund themselves. And the borrowers gain dignity as well as money.

A three-day Microcredit Summit in Washington, which ends today, set a goal of
spreading microloans to 100 million people by 2005, through projects around the
world at an estimated cost of US$21.6 billion.

But many critics have attacked the summit's target. They say that microcredit
has flaws that ''microfinance evangelists'' ignore. And if it expands tenfold in
just eight years, it could damage other kinds of aid.

''Everyone agrees that microcredit is a good thing,'' says the British
government's Overseas Development Administration. ''But that doesn't mean the
best way to make it flourish is to pour money down its throat.''

Ben Rogaly, a development consultant to Oxfam and co-author of a book on
microcredit, warns that microfinance hype could divert funds from less
fashionable anti-poverty causes, such as famine relief. The Washington summit's
plan of action calls for US$7.5 billion in new spending from official aid
budgets. The World Bank's new Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest plans to
spend all its US$200 million in expected donor pledges on microlending. No
microcredit worker wants to take funds from other causes. All say that since
many microcredit projects have become commercially viable, commercial banks are
likely to pour in, producing an estimated US$10 billion in market rate loans up
to 2005.

Critics also charge that reaching 100 million people could mean spreading loans
too thinly. Research shows that one loan is seldom enough to drag a borrower out
of poverty -- the second and third loans tend to achieve that. Grameen Bank, the
Bangladeshi pioneer of microcredit, found its borrowers were taking five to 15
years to rise above the poverty line. So it is now turning away new borrowers,
and instead making repeat loans to fewer people.

The ODA says a tenfold increase in loans could overburden the microcredit
movement. ''What we will have, if we're not careful, is no shortage of funds
flowing to too few microcredit organizations,'' it says.

Furthermore, Rogaly says, the old claim that microcredit reaches ''the poorest
of the poor'' is false. A study last year showed most loans reach the better off
among the poor. The very poorest have more immediate concerns than starting a
business.

When they do take out a loan, they spend it on staying alive. Many cannot repay,
and end up poorer than before. Women's World Banking, a leading microcredit
provider, responds: ''We know we are not reaching the poorest of the poor. We
are reaching very poor people.'' And not all in the Third World -- microloans
are also made in U.S. ghettos.

Nicholas Colloff of Opportunity Trust, a British-based charity in microcredit,
says microbankers should occasionally help the poorest by providing loans for
consumption. ''Your local wicked moneylender -- who typically charges
extortionate interest rates -- is usually not lending money to set up a store.
He's lending it for a funeral, a marriage,'' he says.

For 98% of the poor, the moneylender is the sole source of financial services,
says the Panos Institute, which specializes in development.

Another question is whether there is an endless supply of budding
microentrepreneurs. Entrepreneurial skills may be innate. Women's World Banking
adds that some cultures produce more business people than others. ''India and
China are very entrepreneurial,'' the bank says. ''In Russia, it appears to be
more difficult for people to develop businesses.''

Rogaly says the summit's plan may well succeed. However, like any leap in the
dark, it is dangerous. But the prize is enormous. Presume that the average
microloan is given to a family of six. In that case, says the World Bank,
success could mean reaching half the people in the world who now live on less
than $1 a day.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Series

                       Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

            February 4, 1997, Tuesday, DAILY: EARLY EDITION EDITION

Small-scale credit could help half the world's poor

BYLINE: Simon Kuper, Financial Times

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 732 words


A poor woman in a developing country borrows US$200, buys an oven, and starts
selling hot food. She repays the loan with interest, borrows more money, buys
another oven, and soon is a prospering market trader. The money she repays goes
to other borrowers setting up enterprises.

So far eight million poor people worldwide have used unsecured microloans to
start businesses. Two-thirds are women, who usually find it hard to get credit
from commercial banks. With microbanks claiming repayment rates of 90% plus,
some projects fund themselves. And the borrowers gain dignity as well as money.

A three-day Microcredit Summit in Washington, which ends today, set a goal of
spreading microloans to 100 million people by 2005, through projects around the
world at an estimated cost of US$21.6 billion.

But many critics have attacked the summit's target. They say that microcredit
has flaws that ''microfinance evangelists'' ignore. And if it expands tenfold in
just eight years, it could damage other kinds of aid.

''Everyone agrees that microcredit is a good thing,'' says the British
government's Overseas Development Administration. ''But that doesn't mean the
best way to make it flourish is to pour money down its throat.''

Ben Rogaly, a development consultant to Oxfam and co-author of a book on
microcredit, warns that microfinance hype could divert funds from less
fashionable anti-poverty causes, such as famine relief. The Washington summit's
plan of action calls for US$7.5 billion in new spending from official aid
budgets. The World Bank's new Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest plans to
spend all its US$200 million in expected donor pledges on microlending. No
microcredit worker wants to take funds from other causes. All say that since
many microcredit projects have become commercially viable, commercial banks are
likely to pour in, producing an estimated US$10 billion in market rate loans up
to 2005.

Critics also charge that reaching 100 million people could mean spreading loans
too thinly. Research shows that one loan is seldom enough to drag a borrower out
of poverty -- the second and third loans tend to achieve that. Grameen Bank, the
Bangladeshi pioneer of microcredit, found its borrowers were taking five to 15
years to rise above the poverty line. So it is now turning away new borrowers,
and instead making repeat loans to fewer people.

The ODA says a tenfold increase in loans could overburden the microcredit
movement. ''What we will have, if we're not careful, is no shortage of funds
flowing to too few microcredit organizations,'' it says.

Furthermore, Rogaly says, the old claim that microcredit reaches ''the poorest
of the poor'' is false. A study last year showed most loans reach the better off
among the poor. The very poorest have more immediate concerns than starting a
business.

When they do take out a loan, they spend it on staying alive. Many cannot repay,
and end up poorer than before. Women's World Banking, a leading microcredit
provider, responds: ''We know we are not reaching the poorest of the poor. We
are reaching very poor people.'' And not all in the Third World -- microloans
are also made in U.S. ghettos.

Nicholas Colloff of Opportunity Trust, a British-based charity in microcredit,
says microbankers should occasionally help the poorest by providing loans for
consumption. ''Your local wicked moneylender -- who typically charges
extortionate interest rates -- is usually not lending money to set up a store.
He's lending it for a funeral, a marriage,'' he says.

For 98% of the poor, the moneylender is the sole source of financial services,
says the Panos Institute, which specializes in development.

Another question is whether there is an endless supply of budding
microentrepreneurs. Entrepreneurial skills may be innate. Women's World Banking
adds that some cultures produce more business people than others. ''India and
China are very entrepreneurial,'' the bank says. ''In Russia, it appears to be
more difficult for people to develop businesses.''

Rogaly says the summit's plan may well succeed. However, like any leap in the
dark, it is dangerous. But the prize is enormous. Presume that the average
microloan is given to a family of six. In that case, says the World Bank,
success could mean reaching half the people in the world who now live on less
than $1 a day.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Graph: Microcredit Summit Plan of Action / THE MICROCREDIT SUMMIT
GOAL: Total funds needed by 2005: n: Grants, Concessional Loans, Market rate
sources: (See print copy for complete graph.)

TYPE: Correction

                       Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Andrew Oerke, POET AND GLOBAL VISIONARY

BYLINE: MARK BRUNSWICK; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 553 words



HIGHLIGHT: Poet was pioneer of Peace Corps


Andrew Oerke traveled the globe as a pioneer in the Peace Corps, a founder of
microloan nonprofits, a restorer of endangered ocean waters and as a poet.

The son and grandson of Lutheran ministers who established churches across
Minnesota and Wisconsin, Oerke eschewed the family business but maintained a
pastoral sense of empathy, particularly through his writing.

Oerke, whose poetry appeared in publications such as the New Yorker, died
recently of a heart ailment exacerbated by a long struggle with the effects of
malaria contracted years earlier in Africa. He was 80.

U.S. Poet Laureate and Pulitzer Prize-winner William Meredith once wrote of him:
"Andrew Oerke's work is a window on the world, a world seen through the
compassionate eyes of a fellow pilgrim."

In 2005, Oerke was given the United Nations Award for Literature by the U.N.
Society for Writers and Artists for his books "African Stiltdancer" and "San
Miguel de Allende."

Born in La Crosse, Wis., Oerke graduated from high school in Emmons, Minn.,
began his college studies at St. Olaf in Northfield in 1948, and won a Fulbright
scholarship to Freie Universitat of Berlin, and scholarships to University of
Salamanca, Spain, the University of Mexico and Baylor University in Texas. Oerke
taught English literature at Bemidji State University after working on his Ph.D.
at Iowa State University.

At a campaign stop in Milwaukee during John F. Kennedy's 1960 presidential bid,
Oerke is credited with suggesting to then-U.S. Sen. William Proxmire that a
global volunteer organization should be developed that would allow young people
to share American values overseas. Six weeks later, Kennedy announced the idea
of the Peace Corps during a speech at the University of Michigan. Oerke would
eventually become director for operations in Malawi and later Jamaica.

In 1973, long before the concept became popular, he became involved in a
struggling microloan endeavor called Partners For Productivity, which gave small
loans to village women in Africa. By 1987 he and his colleagues had expanded the
effort to more than 60 nations in four continents.

Most recently, Oerke worked in Haiti before and after the 2010 earthquake,
helping to open a medical clinic.

Oerke wrote 14 books of poetry and more than 450 poems that appeared in
publications such as the New Yorker and Poetry. While he worked in humanitarian
efforts, it was his writing that defined him, said his wife of 22 years, Anitra
Thorhaug.

"Poets think large visionary thoughts, out of the box, and that informed his
ways of viewing things, including the human condition and what could be done,"
said Thorhaug, who worked with her husband to research sea grass restoration,
most recently along the Texas coast. A previous marriage ended in divorce.

Besides his wife, survivors include a sister, Beverly Oerke Harmon, of
Rockville, Md., daughters Kirsten Oerke, of London and Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.,
Greta Oerke of Washington, D.C., and a son, Jared L. Oerke, of Washington, D.C.

Services will be at 9 a.m. Sunday at Peace Lutheran Church in Pigeon Falls, Wis.

One of his most well-known poems, "In the Village," is expected to be read
during services.

"Death comes but once but when it comes to life

no one would be unwilling to repeat

in the village in the village in the village."

Mark Brunswick · 612-673-4434

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday

SEED money helps Cape, Islands businesses grow

BYLINE: Robert Gold, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


April 20--SANDWICH -- Dr. David Romeiser is looking forward to some hallways and
keeping his digital x-ray machine out of the bathroom.

The Sandwich veterinarian started Shawme Animal Hospital years ago by converting
an old garage into his practice.

Since then, he's been the only veterinarian working at the 650-square-foot
facility.

There are no hallways in his current building, with rooms emptying into each
other. To maximize space, a digital x-ray machine is kept in the bathroom.

But times are changing for Romeiser later this year, when he plans to open a
5,000-square-foot facility, using about half the space for the animal hospital.
The rest will be for apartments and storage.

"I can't wait to be in there," Romeiser said, who plans to hire another
veterinarian and at least three support staff to help run the larger operations.
He currently has four employees. The building is expected to be constructed and
ready to be used in about six months, he said.

Romeiser's building project was partially funded by a $150,000 loan from the
South Eastern Economic Development Corp., a nonprofit economic development
organization certified by the U.S. Small Business Administration in 1982.

SEED announced it recently closed on loans to four Cape and Islands businesses,
including the Sandwich animal hospital. The other businesses receiving the SEED
loans include Christopher Stien Fisheries in Menemsha, the wine shop Brix
Nantucket and Coldwell Banker Landmarks Real Estate in Vineyard Haven.

Maria Gooch-Smith, executive director of SEED, said her agency lends to the full
spectrum of local businesses.

The Taunton-based organization, which lends in Massachusetts and Rhode Island,
closed on 103 loans in its last fiscal year, she said. About a third were to
Cape and Islands entities.

The four recent loans show the diversity of SEED's clients.

Securing the future

In Vineyard Haven, Judy Federowicz moved her real estate business into the
office building at 15 Church St. more than a decade ago.

The real estate business had a minority ownership in the building itself, but
recently bought out the majority owners who wanted to sell, Federowicz said.

Landmarks Real Estate secured a $456,000 Small Business Administration-backed
loan from SEED, with the funds going toward the purchase.

By buying the building, Federowicz said the agency didn't have to worry about
another property owner using the space for something else.

"It accomplished quite a bit for us in a very positive way," Federowicz said.
"We are able to stay. A new owner might have needed our space and asked us to
leave."

The building houses several other professional businesses, said Sean Federowicz,
a co-owner of the real estate agency and Judy's son. The real estate agency has
14 employees, he said.

SEED's loans under SBA 504 programs -- such as the one Landmarks obtained --
range from $120,000 to $5 million for most small businesses, according to the
organization. The loans are used for the purchase of buildings or equipment.

Uncorking demand

Brix Nantucket also utilized funding under the SBA 504 program, according to
SEED, which said it loaned the wine shop $300,000 to purchase the building.

Brix owners Carri Wroblewski and Klaudia May also own two locations in Boston.

The business duo opened the seasonal Nantucket wine shop last July, Wroblewski
said.

"We had been looking for another location for a couple years," she said. The
site previously was another wine shop known as The Cellar. The built-in customer
base of the previous wine shop at 1 Windy Way added to the attraction of setting
up at the Nantucket location, she said.

floating a microloan

While the other SEED loans were SBA 504 loans, Christopher Stien received a
$25,000 SBA microloan via SEED.

Stien, a Vineyard fishermen for 30 years, said he's taken out several SEED loans
over the years, including when he purchased his fiberglass lobster boat six
years ago. This time, Stien borrowed the money to purchase a new engine for his
boat.

Microloans can be for amounts up to $50,000, Gooch-Smith said.

"It is true working capital," she said.

___ (c)2014 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140420-CA-SEED-money-helps-Cape-Islands-businesses-grow-0420-20140420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2014 Cape Code Times


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Kitsap program that trains entrepreneurs loses grant funding

BYLINE: Rachel Pritchett, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


Aug. 08--BREMERTON -- Washington CASH is shutting down in Kitsap County at least
through the end of the year because it lacks just that.

A government grant -- which was the main funding source for the program that
helps low-income people become entrepreneurs through training, microloans and
support -- was cut by 75 percent. The Community Development Block Grant, which
was $80,000 last year, is now at $20,000. The priorities of the grant program
shifted during the recession, CASH executives said.

"In effect what is happening is the Kitsap program has been put on a hiatus,"
said Stuart Walton, Washington CASH business specialist.

The Kitsap program will be suspended from September through December. Leaders
hope by then new funds will be found to restart the program that since 2006 has
helped 1,000 local people start dozens of small companies.

Many graduates have been female or racial minorities. Their companies offer
everything from boutique mustard to online community news sites, and from
catering to organic house cleaning.

A decade ago, Augustine Lujan, 31, of Bremerton retired off the flattop Carl
Vinson and began work for private-security companies. Eventually, he wanted his
own company. He got a license, called his business Rush Security, but didn't
know enough about running it.

Lujan got the Washington CASH training and today has 19 employees. He recently
branched out with a new private-eye company, Rush Investigation Security
Services.

He believes so strongly in Washington CASH's ability to fuel the small-business
machine that he became a mentor.

"It was really valuable," Lujan said of the training.

The cut comes as the economy continues to struggle and residents press on in
their searches for work.

"The demand is just overwhelming," Walton said.

State Sen. Christine Rolfes, D-Bainbridge Island, who is on the nonprofit's
advisory committee, said, "It's really going to create a gap."

Washington CASH (the acronym stands for Community Alliance for Self Help) has
been operating out of its Seattle headquarters since 1995. In Seattle and Kitsap
combined, its graduates have begun 1,400 businesses and received $839,000 in
microloans.

The Seattle office, too, has weathered tough financial straits. It continues to
operate, but recently drew down on staff and training, and closed a
small-business accelerator. Its $1.5 million budget now is at $1.1 million.

"The reductions that we have to make right now are painful but they are not
catastrophic," Executive Director Gylan Green said.

Besides offering services in Seattle and Kitsap, Washington CASH just expanded
into Mason County under a pilot program. More than a dozen people who have
completed training will be honored Thursday night in Allyn. They may be the only
ones. There are no plans to continue the Mason program.

Green said his organization will put Kitsap residents at the top of the list for
training offered in Seattle, and believes a pending application to restore grant
funding in Kitsap next year will go through.

Meanwhile, Washington CASH is looking at building up other funding sources,
including individuals. Rolfes said she hopes the group can receive federal
workforce-training funds.

Walton will be terminated at the end of August. Suddenly, he finds himself in
the same shoes as his clients.

"What an entrepreneur does is he sees an opportunity and then tries to make it
advantageous," he said.

Washington CASH was founded by Peter Rose, who had seen Bangladesh's Grameen
Bank improve the lives of poor women and families by lending money to them to
build businesses. Rose retooled the concept to work in the United States.

___ (c)2012 the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton, Wash.) Visit the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton,
Wash.) at www.kitsapsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120808-1BR-Kitsap-program-that-trains-entrepreneurs-loses-grant-funding-0808-2
0120808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2012 Kitsap Sun


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                              May 15, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

More finance for growth poised to come to North East

SECTION: FUNDING FOR GROWTH;NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 590 words


ONE of the main barriers to business growth in the North East continues to
remain access to finance.

With banks slowly easing their lending terms, this sort of finance will suit
some businesses, but for others there is a need for equity finance, loans,
business support and even mentoring provision.

The newly-elected Conservative Government is vocally committed to business
growth and, of course, has a focus on developing the Northern Powerhouse agenda.
The region should welcome the news that Middlesbrough-born Greg Clark has become
the Communities Secretary and Stockton South MP James Wharton has been appointed
Minister for Communities and Local Government to oversee the Northern Powerhouse
concept, designed to close the economic gap between the North and the South.

Also, it should be acknowledged that the problem of accessing finance,
particularly for SMEs, is not unique to the North East - it's a national and
international issue. All countries have introduced specific measures to help
their own businesses and in this region there is the successful Finance for
Business North East fund (FBNE), also known as JEREMIE.

North East Finance (NEF) is the holding fund manager of the £142.5m FBNE
programme, which comprises funding from the North East of England European
Regional Development Fund, the European Investment Bank and the UK government.

The FBNE programme is a suite of seven different venture capital and loan funds
which NEF established in 2010. The funds, which provide investment for start-up
and growing businesses in the North East, are due to cease investing at the end
of 2015.

Between now and the end of the year, it is hoped that the two LEPs in the region
will make a combined bid for a second JEREMIE programme for the north of the
region along with Tees Valley.

Most recently the FBNE has hit three notable milestones as local firms continue
to demonstrate their appetite for expansion. The programme has provided £125m of
debt and equity funding to SMEs - its original target - with a further £138m of
private-sector cash leveraged to support deals from venture capital firms,
business angels and other investors. In doing so, it has achieved other
significant milestones of creating or safeguarding 5,000 jobs and supporting 700
SMEs.

The 700th beneficiary was wholesale dessert and cakemaker Sweet Art Patisserie,
which secured a five-figure investment from the Microloan Fund. The Marske-based
firm is using the money to expand into the ice cream market. Director David
Wrigley said: "We spotted a gap in the market for high-quality ice cream and
decided to buy equipment that would enable us to manufacture it in-house. The
Microloan investment has enabled us to kick on with these plans as we embark on
the next phase of our expansion."

Other recent beneficiaries of FFBNE include County Durham clothing brand I Sunk
Your Battleship, which secured almost £100,000 from the Proof of Concept Fund.

Meanwhile, Gateshead-based mobile app specialist Logincident received £200,000
from the Accelerator Fund to develop its risk and claims management tool for
businesses.

Andrew Mitchell, chief executive of North East Finance, said: "FBNE is designed
to boost the growth of local companies and oil the wheels of the regional
economy. The fact that we have reached these significant milestones highlights a
growing confidence and appetite for investment in the business community. "Money
is still available from the programme and could provide the ideal boost for
businesses that require additional investment in 2015."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: North East Finance Tees Valley business manager Jane Reynolds, left, <B
Sweet Art Patisserie director David Wrigley and North East Finance business
development manager Dawn Dunn at the Sweet Art Patisserie shop in
Marske-by-the-Sea

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Analysts of Bank of America Merrill Lynch assessed the debt load on the Russian
people. The debt load is extremely high among low-income bank borrowers who
account for a half of the economically active population and among those who are
keen on POS loans and credit cards. Their payments under loans make up over a
half of salaries

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 197

LENGTH: 900 words


Reference: Olga Shestopal, Evgeny Khvostik "Wonder Poverty", Kommersant, No.191,
October 18, 2013, pp.1, 10

The estimates of the debt load on the Russian people are presented in BAML's
report titled "Unsecured Retail Lending in Russia: New Era". Calculations were
made based on the average level of income disclosed by the State Statistics
Service and findings of surveys conducted among the leading consumer lenders. No
global estimates of the scale of the problem have been made until recently. The
calculations presented by BAML do not look threatening, but it's only on the
face of it. The debt to income ratio in Russia is 17%, according to the
estimates. This is lower than, for example, in the Czech Republic (18%) or
Poland (23%). However, the things are more disturbing in some segments of the
retail lending market in which interest rates are high as well as in view of a
wide wealth divide in Russia. An average payment under a POS loan is 12% of a
resident's average salary. 40% of the population pays not less than 20% of
salary. Those borrowers who have a credit card in addition pay up to 50% of
salary and more.

Payments under one average consumer loan would be nearly the same for the
population with income below RUR 20,000.

Such residents make up over a half of the economically active population in the
country, according to the State Statistics Service. The calculations are made
with reservations that the number of debtors in each group of the population
with a definite level of income is unknown. But they show how much burdensome
one average loan may be for low-income people.

The figures show why the Bank of Russia is so concerned over the high debt load
on the population. It became known this summer that the problem was widely
discussed in the Bank of Russia and the Ministry of Finance. Kommersant wrote on
July 27 that legal restrictions on the debt to income ratio were discussed then.
It became known in September that this was not the only instrument of reducing
social risks discussed. The second option is imposing a direct legal restriction
on the maximum interest rate for unsecured retail loans. Draft amendments to the
law sent by the Bank of Russia to the Ministry of Finance suggest that the Bank
of Russia should calculate average interest rates for different types of loans
(save for mortgage and automobile loans) and set the maximum permissible
variations. As is known to Kommersant, such variations may be up to 30%.

BAML made calculations based only on the figures showing amounts owed by
residents to banks. If other debts (for example, loans taken at micro-lending
organizations, credit cooperatives and pawnshops, not to mention the underground
market for such services) are added, the actual situation with the debt load on
the low-income population may be worse. If it is assumed that microloans
provided are RUR 60-80 billion and an average amount of a microloan is RUR 10-15
thousand, it may be said that micro-lenders provided about 4-8 million loans,
which have a strong impact on borrowers with a lower level of income, BAML says
in the report.

Experts questioned by Kommersant agree to BAML's estimates. "According to our
calculations, an average DTI in Russia is about 20%, but in order to assess the
debt load on the population, it's important to know what these borrowers are
like," says Evgeny Tarzimanov, an analyst of Moody's. "A large part of the
Russian people borrows above measure. DTI has been growing for the second
consecutive year. A law on personal bankruptcy has not been approved so far. It
turns out that a borrower has no opportunity to nullify his or her debt in any
emergency case." A critical DTI level varies depending both on the market and on
the borrower, but payments not exceeding 30% of monthly income are considered
optimal, he says.

BAML's estimates show that the situation is much worse for many residents.

The situation might be improved by refinancing of borrowers which is widely used
by the largest banks at the moment. If a loan at the rate of 35% annual is
refinanced by a loan at 17% annual, a monthly DTI will reduce to 9-15% of income
for 40% of the population and to 20-32% for another 20% of residents, say BAML
analysts. However, the use of the refinancing instrument in practice will help
only those borrowers who are able to service debts all by themselves, Evgeny
Tarzimanov says.

It is the supply of loans by banks rather than the demand for loans from
borrowers that appears as the key driver to deterioration of the situation, BAML
says. "Their risk appetite is fueled up by a high return on such products," the
document runs. Bankers don't argue. "Bank risk managers can calculate an overall
DTI ratio per borrower, but absent a regulatory restriction on the debt load, it
may turn out unnecessary," says Elman Mekhtiev, a member of GE Money Bank's
Management Board.

Part of the risks may not be shown in the report since it lies in a different
segment. "Incredible as it may seem, the practice shows that high-income
borrowers are more exposed to risk than medium- or low-income people are," says
Sergey Kapustin, Deputy Chairman of OTP Bank's Management Board. "In case of a
loss of employment, it's not easy for a borrower to quickly find another job
with a similarly high level of income, but individuals whose claims for salaries
are not so high can find a new job and continue repaying a loan."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            January 2, 2010 Saturday

Nicholas Kristof: Microsavings -- a tool with which to fight poverty

BYLINE: By Nicholas Kristof

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 774 words


ESTELI, Nicaragua -- There's an old saying about poverty: Give me a fish, and
I'll eat for a day. Give me a fishing rod, and I'll eat for a lifetime. There
are many variations in that theme. In Somalia, I heard a darker version: If I
buy food, I'll eat for a day. If I buy a gun, I'll eat every day.

But these days, there's evidence that one of the most effective tools to fight
global poverty may be neither a fishing rod nor a gun, but a savings account.
What we need is a savings revolution.

Right now, the world's poor almost never have access to a bank account. Cash
sits around and gets spent -- and, frankly, often spent badly.

"We used to buy a 3-liter bottle of Coke every day," recalled Socorro Machado, a
49-year-old homemaker in a village here in northwestern Nicaragua. That was a
bit less than a gallon, and the cost of $1.75 consumed a large share of the
family's budget.

Then Catholic Relief Services, an aid organization, arrived in the village with
a new program to promote savings. It provided a wooden box with a padlock and
organized savings groups of about 20 people who meet once or twice a month,
typically bringing 50 cents or $1 to deposit in the box.

Some of the money is lent out to start a small business, but the greatest
benefit of these programs seems to be that they provide a spur to save.

"Now we buy a bottle of Coke just once a week, and we put the money in savings,"
Machado said. She saves about $5 a month in her own name and another $5 a month
in her son's name and has plans to buy a computer for him eventually.

Some people in the development world argue that microlending has been oversold,
and there has been a bit of a backlash against it lately -- including a "no
pago" movement here in Nicaragua. This "don't pay" effort has been orchestrated
by the leftist government of President Daniel Ortega.

I don't agree with the criticisms of microloans, for I've seen how tiny loans
can truly transform people's lives by giving them the means to start small
businesses. Even so, there's evidence that the most powerful element of
microfinance is microsavings, not microloans.

One of the ugly secrets of global poverty is that a good deal of suffering is
caused not only by low incomes but also by bad spending decisions. Research
suggests that the world's poorest families (typically the men in those families)
spend about 20 percent of their incomes on a combination of alcohol, cigarettes,
prostitution, soft drinks and extravagant festivals.

In one village here in Nicaragua where children were having to drop out of
elementary school because they couldn't afford notebooks, a midwife, Andrea
Machado Garcia, estimated to me that if a man earned $150 working in the
mountains as a day laborer during the coffee harvest, he might spend $50 on
alcohol and women and bring back $100 to support his family.

One challenge is that those men don't have a good, secure way to save money, and
neither do poor people generally. It just sits around, itching to be spent. It's
also vulnerable to theft, covetous family members and demands for loans from
relatives.

In West Africa, money collectors called susus operate informal banks but charge
an annualized rate of 40 percent on deposits. Yes, you read that right. You pay
a 40 percent interest rate on your savings!

In Kenya, two economists conducted an experiment by paying the fees to open bank
accounts for small peddlers. They found that the peddlers who took up the
accounts, especially women, enjoyed remarkable gains. Within six months, they
were investing 40 percent more in their businesses, typically by buying more
goods to be resold.

Many aid groups including CARE and Oxfam now offer savings programs in some
form, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is studying how best to promote
financial services for the poor. A Web site, www.matchsavings.org , lets donors
match a poor person's savings to increase the incentive to build a savings
habit.

So it's time for a global microsavings movement. Poor countries should ease the
regulations (such as requirements for banking licenses) that make it hard for
nonprofits to operate microsavings programs.

Hugh Aprile, a Catholic Relief Services official here, noted that savings
schemes are very cheap to start because no capital is used to provide loans.
"It's people using their own money," he said, "to build far more than they ever
thought they could."

Maybe it's hard for us to believe considering how much animus there is toward
fat-cat bankers in the United States, but the world's poor might benefit hugely
from the ability to bank their money safely.

Nicholas Kristof writes a column for the New York Times.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 15, 2006 Friday

An investment in Cuba's future

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 442 words


The following editorial appeared in the Miami Herald on Thursday, Sept. 14:

The Cuban-American business leaders of the Cuba Study Group are putting their
money where their hopes lie. The group has pledged $10 million as seed capital
for a microloan program aimed at entrepreneurs inside of Cuba. That's not all.
The nonprofit group proposes other ideas for jump-starting the moribund Cuban
economy - for whenever the Cuban government chooses to change direction.

The ideas are compelling, as difficult as the obstacles to realizing them will
be. Carlos A. Saladrigas, the group's co-chairman, argues that the process of
change involves many little steps; the more options offered to the Cuban people,
the easier and faster a transition may take place. The goal is to foster an
economic-development model that creates and spreads wealth.

Such a constructive approach is refreshing. Criticizing Cuba's dictatorship for
bankrupting its economy and human-rights abuses, legitimate as those issues are,
doesn't change the facts on the ground. Fundamental change should be initiated
by Cubans on the island. Offering ideas and incentives helps encourage Cubans to
take the needed plunge.

The Cuba Study Group has partnered with Banco Compartamos, a Mexico bank with
microlending experience. Compartamos would set up the loan program in Cuba,
whenever permitted by Cuban and U.S. law. True, the current Cuban regime is
unlikely to embrace the project. And the U.S. embargo would likely restrict U.S.
residents from investing in such a project. But at some point Cuba will change,
hopefully soon and peacefully rather than later and chaotically. Meanwhile, the
$10 million fund will grow and remain available until Cubans on the island can
shape their own futures.

The Study Group makes other recommendations for Cuban authorities. One proposal
is to issue titles to current occupants of residences and then set up a bank
offering loans to homeowners using a small share of the property as collateral.
Another recommendation is for a tax system that will finance investment in
education and healthcare. The idea is to generate domestic capital investment
that, combined with remittances and microloans, could unleash Cuba's
entrepreneurial and human potential.

Cubans on the island know that the current communist system is a failure - but
many fear change. In contrast, the Study Group's project sends a positive
message: Cubans on the island will lead Cuba's rebuilding. Yet Cubans who have
made good in exile want to contribute to the effort.

"This is for the Cubans who will shape the future," Saladrigas says. "We want
nothing in return but to see Cubans succeed."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            October 25, 2013 Friday

Wake up and smell the coffee!

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 293

LENGTH: 552  words


Women outreach is skewed towards microfinance institutions (MFIs) and rural
support programs (RSPs) than in microfinance banks (MFBs); in 2012 where women
representation in MFIs and RSPs ranged between 70 and 80 percent, that in MFBs
was only 26 percent. And this trend has been unchanged for long.

Some reasons behind the clear divide are obvious. For instance, in Pakistani
culture, patriarchy is one noticeable explanation behind this gender lending
divide.

It is also reasonable to say that microfinance in the country is still largely
taken to be a social service rather than financial service. The distribution of
women borrowers among the various microfinance providers suggests the same.

Microloans and microcredit are of two types: where the microfinance banks have
individual loan portfolios and a more general mandate in providing funds that
generally entice male borrowers, the microfinance institutions and rural support
programs are more group based, focusing mostly on women empowerment and
activism.

Also, the usual microfinance institutions like donor-sponsored NGOs have to keep
their focus on women as per the guidelines of their international financiers.
Consequently, it makes sense when the MFIs and RSPs go after women. This way
they are not only able to justify the lending to donors but also endorse their
impact on society.

Similarly, women are also clear target for pro-poor policies of the microfinance
institutions and NGOs as they suffer from weaker socio-economic conditions in
poor countries.

When it comes to the operations, the MFBs are sustainable commercial entities
that run after genuine borrowers. Private Sector Development Advisor at DFID,
Waqas ul Hasan warned that chasing women for recovery or litigation procedures
is generally considered a cultural taboo; hence, hinging on male clientele for
cogent recovery and due diligence process seems a rational approach. Moreover,
smaller loan sizes tend to be unsustainable for MFBs; it makes more sense for
the MFIs to lend out to women as loan sizes are small.

The most astonishing aspect of women borrowers is what the World Bank states in
one of its recent studies on women entrepreneurship and microfinance sector:
women are often not the final beneficiaries of the microloans.

The practice of passing on the loans is considered to be rife among women
borrowers (between 50-70 percent) who just channel it to male relatives.
According to the study, 50-70 percent of the loans made for women clients are
used by their male counterparts.

In urban women lending, only 28 percent of the women borrowers actually use the
loans themselves. Many times, when the men of the family cannot even borrow
small amounts on their weak credit history, women are the perfect conduits to
get access to finance.

And when women are the actual consumers, the stringent guarantor requirements
and male permissions required, widens the gap between the Pakistani women and
microfinance providers.

Other hurdles that restrict women from accessing bank loans include
discrimination, non-availability of collateral, interpersonal communication, and
non-existent personalised products. Moreover, social and gender taboos, low
literacy and awareness, limited access, mobility and weaker skill base also hold
back development in the current policy environment.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 2, 2010 Saturday

A savings revolution

BYLINE: Nicholas D. Kristof

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 781 words

DATELINE: ESTELí, Nicaragua

ABSTRACT

There's evidence that one of the most effective tools to fight global poverty
may be savings accounts.

FULL TEXT

There's an old saying about poverty: Give me a fish, and I'll eat for a day.
Give me a fishing rod, and I'll eat for a lifetime.

There are many variations in that theme. In Somalia, I heard a darker version:If
I buy food, I'll eat for a day. If I buy a gun, I'll eat every day.

But these days, there's evidence that one of the most effective tools to fight
global poverty may be neither a fishing rod nor a gun, but a savings accounts.
What we need is a savings revolution.

Right now, the world's poor almost never have access to a bank account. Cash
sits around and gets spent - and, frankly, often spent badly.

"We used to buy a three-liter bottle of Coke every day," recalled Socorro
Machado, a 49-year-old homemaker in a village here in northwestern Nicaragua.
That was a bit less than a gallon, and the cost of $1.75 consumed a large share
of the family's budget.

Then Catholic Relief Services, an aid organization, arrived in the village with
a new program to promote savings. It provided a wooden box with a padlock and
organized savings groups of about 20 people who meet once or twice a month,
typically bringing 50 cents or $1 to deposit in the box.

Some of the money is lent out to start a small business, but the greatest
benefit of these programs seems to be that they provide a spur to save.

"Now we buy a bottle of Coke just once a week, and we put the money in savings,"
Ms. Machado said. She saves about $5 a month in her own name and another $5 a
month in her son's name and has plans to buy a computer for him eventually.

Some people in the development world argue that microlending has been oversold,
and there has been a bit of a backlash against it lately - including a "no pago"
movement here in Nicaragua. This "don't pay" effort has been orchestrated by the
leftist government of President Daniel Ortega.

I don't agree with the criticisms of microloans, for I've seen how tiny loans
can truly transform people's lives by giving them the means to start small
businesses. Even so, there's evidence that the most powerful element of
microfinance is microsavings, not microloans.

One of the ugly secrets of global poverty is that a good deal of suffering is
caused not only by low incomes but also by bad spending decisions. Research
suggests that the world's poorest families (typically the men in those families)
spend about 20 percent of their incomes on a combination of alcohol, cigarettes,
prostitution, soft drinks and extravagant festivals.

In one village here in Nicaragua where children were having to drop out of
elementary school because they couldn't afford notebooks, a midwife, Andrea
Machado Garcia, estimated to me that if a man earned $150 working in the
mountains as a day laborer during the coffee harvest, he might spend $50 on
alcohol and women and bring back $100 to support his family.

One challenge is that those men don't have a good, secure way to save money, and
neither do poor people generally. It just sits around, itching to be spent. It's
also vulnerable to theft, covetous family members and demands for loans from
relatives.

In West Africa, money collectors called susus operate informal banks but charge
an annualized rate of 40 percent on deposits. Yes, you read that right. You pay
a 40 percent interest rate on your savings!

In Kenya, two economists conducted an experiment by paying the fees to open bank
accounts for small peddlers. They found that the peddlers who took up the
accounts, especially women, enjoyed remarkable gains. Within six months, they
were investing 40 percent more in their businesses, typically by buying more
goods to be resold.

Many aid groups including CARE and Oxfam now offer savings programs in some
form, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is studying how best to promote
financial services for the poor. A Web site, www.matchsavings.org, lets donors
match a poor person's savings to increase the incentive to build a savings
habit.

So it's time for a global microsavings movement. Poor countries should ease the
regulations (such as requirements for banking licenses) that make it hard for
nonprofits to operate microsavings programs.

Hugh Aprile, a Catholic Relief Services official here, noted that savings
schemes are very cheap to start because no capital is used to provide loans.
"It's people using their own money," he said, "to build far more than they ever
thought they could."

Maybe it's hard for us to believe considering how much animus there is toward
fat-cat bankers in the United States, but the world's poor might benefit hugely
from the ability to bank their money safely.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 31, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sparking A Savings Revolution

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: ESTELi, Nicaragua


There's an old saying about poverty: Give me a fish, and I'll eat for a day.
Give me a fishing rod, and I'll eat for a lifetime.

There are many variations in that theme. In Somalia, I heard a darker version:
If I buy food, I'll eat for a day. If I buy a gun, I'll eat every day.

But these days, there's evidence that one of the most effective tools to fight
global poverty may be neither a fishing rod nor a gun, but a savings accounts.
What we need is a savings revolution.

Right now, the world's poor almost never have access to a bank account. Cash
sits around and gets spent  --  and, frankly, often spent badly.

''We used to buy a three-liter bottle of Coke every day,'' recalled Socorro
Machado, a 49-year-old homemaker in a village here in northwestern Nicaragua.
That was a bit less than a gallon, and the cost of $1.75 consumed a large share
of the family's budget.

Then Catholic Relief Services, an aid organization, arrived in the village with
a new program to promote savings. It provided a wooden box with a padlock and
organized savings groups of about 20 people who meet once or twice a month,
typically bringing 50 cents or $1 to deposit in the box.

Some of the money is lent out to start a small business, but the greatest
benefit of these programs seems to be that they provide a spur to save.

''Now we buy a bottle of Coke just once a week, and we put the money in
savings,'' Ms. Machado said. She saves about $5 a month in her own name and
another $5 a month in her son's name and has plans to buy a computer for him
eventually.

Some people in the development world argue that microlending has been oversold,
and there has been a bit of a backlash against it lately  --  including a ''no
pago'' movement here in Nicaragua. This ''don't pay'' effort has been
orchestrated by the leftist government of President Daniel Ortega.

I don't agree with the criticisms of microloans, for I've seen how tiny loans
can truly transform people's lives by giving them the means to start small
businesses. Even so, there's evidence that the most powerful element of
microfinance is microsavings, not microloans.

One of the ugly secrets of global poverty is that a good deal of suffering is
caused not only by low incomes but also by bad spending decisions. Research
suggests that the world's poorest families (typically the men in those families)
spend about 20 percent of their incomes on a combination of alcohol, cigarettes,
prostitution, soft drinks and extravagant festivals.

In one village here in Nicaragua where children were having to drop out of
elementary school because they couldn't afford notebooks, a midwife, Andrea
Machado Garcia, estimated to me that if a man earned $150 working in the
mountains as a day laborer during the coffee harvest, he might spend $50 on
alcohol and women and bring back $100 to support his family.

One challenge is that those men don't have a good, secure way to save money, and
neither do poor people generally. It just sits around, itching to be spent. It's
also vulnerable to theft, covetous family members and demands for loans from
relatives.

In West Africa, money collectors called susus operate informal banks but charge
an annualized rate of 40 percent on deposits. Yes, you read that right. You pay
a 40 percent interest rate on your savings!

In Kenya, two economists conducted an experiment by paying the fees to open bank
accounts for small peddlers. They found that the peddlers who took up the
accounts, especially women, enjoyed remarkable gains. Within six months, they
were investing 40 percent more in their businesses, typically by buying more
goods to be resold.

Many aid groups including CARE and Oxfam now offer savings programs in some
form, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is studying how best to promote
financial services for the poor. A Web site, www.matchsavings.org, lets donors
match a poor person's savings to increase the incentive to build a savings
habit.

So it's time for a global microsavings movement. Poor countries should ease the
regulations (such as requirements for banking licenses) that make it hard for
nonprofits to operate microsavings programs.

Hugh Aprile, a Catholic Relief Services official here, noted that savings
schemes are very cheap to start because no capital is used to provide loans.
''It's people using their own money,'' he said, ''to build far more than they
ever thought they could.''

Maybe it's hard for us to believe considering how much animus there is toward
fat-cat bankers in the United States, but the world's poor might benefit hugely
from the ability to bank their money safely.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

SBA in Credit Union Alliance for 7a Lending

                             July 11, 2000, Tuesday

BY MARIAN JARLENSKI

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The Small Business Administration has a new lending ally in its effort to serve
poor areas: community development credit unions.

The SBA and the National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions have
struck a partnership agreement that formally recognizes their shared goal of
recharging distressed communities by helping out local businesses.

Seven community development credit unions are partners with the SBA in its
popular 7a loan program, and the agency's officials would like to see the total
rise to 50 under the trade group agreement.

"Community development credit unions know how to make the kinds of loans that
help small business in new markets," said Fred Hochberg, SBA deputy
administrator. "All they need is access to the backing that comes from SBA loan
guaranties."

Credit unions have never been barred from the 7a program, which backs up to 80%
of loan amounts up to $750,000, but restrictions on their business lending have
discouraged borrowers from approaching them, an SBA spokesman said. Indeed, only
a handful of the 7,000 lenders that have used the 7a program in the last five
years are credit unions.

Walter Merkle, a specialist in small- and microbusiness lending at the credit
union federation, said its members and the SBA complement each other. Community
development credit unions focus on the same urban and rural low-income areas
that the agency seeks to revitalize.

"The SBA has realized that, historically and on a continuing basis, we are
serving the needs of the disenfranchised," Mr. Merkle said. "We are a natural
distribution service for their efforts."

The SBA is also urging community development credit unions to tap a smaller
program that makes loans of up to $25,000 to small entrepreneurs for any purpose
except to buy real estate, make a down payment, or refinance debt. Through the
Microloan Intermediary program, a lender essentially becomes a go-between for
the SBA, lending government funds in underserved areas. Though the program was
begun in 1993, community development credit unions have in recent months shown
more interest in it as another way to cultivate weaker local economies through
lending.

Alternatives Credit Union in Ithaca, N.Y., has made SBA-backed loans since 1996
but only recently became a microloan intermediary. The $31 million-asset
organization has about 17 guaranty loans out, mostly in the $20,000-to-$25,000
range, said John Halleron, director of business lending.

"The Microloan Intermediary program is really closer to our target market," Mr.
Halleron said. "These are the smaller-size loans that the regular banking
industry doesn't want to get into."

He added that the community development system of lending emphasizes education.
His credit union gives members a business development program that includes
three 11-week sessions to help entrepreneurs develop a solid financial strategy.

The $11 million-asset Vermont Development Credit Union also incorporates
investment training in its lending program, said president Karyl Stewart.

"We have developed what we call 'counseling-based lending' -- we work with
borrowers to make them bankable," Ms. Stewart said. "I think the SBA is trying
to reach farther down the economic ladder in their work, and we're an obvious
tool for that."

Copyright c 2000 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 565 words

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 14, 2001, Friday

Factory to bring 30 jobs to area

BYLINE: BRIDGET HALL GRUMET

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



Members of the Economic Development Council couldn't help but smile at
Thursday's meeting.

First the group announced that it was helping a California arcade game
manufacturer move to Lecanto next month, bringing up to 30 jobs when the factory
opens in the spring.

Then members said the EDC's microloan program, a project in the works for nearly
two years, had just cut checks for the first two small-business owners who
qualified for the low-interest, short-term loans.

"We met with the county commissioners (individually) this week, and they were
very excited by our progress," interim executive director Brett Wattles said.
"We are very excited."

Wattles said he could not yet release the name of the California manufacturer,
although he said the company makes an arcade game in which players try to grab a
stuffed animal in a large plastic case using a dangling metal claw.

The company plans to lease the old Fagan's lumber building on State Road 44,
east of County Road 491, Wattles said. With a January move-in date, the factory
would be ready for business by April, he said.

The land is already zoned for general commercial use, said Gary Maidhof, the
county's director of Development Services and an EDC board member. Because a
factory would be similar enough to the property's previous use, the California
company would not need any special permits or variances to move in, Maidhof
said.

The company would bring six to 10 management-level jobs with salaries upwards of
$ 30,000, Wattles said. An additional 20 jobs would be on the assembly line,
starting at $ 8 an hour plus full benefits, although Wattles said the company
may have to increase its wages if it wants to attract quality workers.

The EDC put the company in touch with the Citrus-Levy-Marion Regional Workforce
Development Board, a group that will help find and train employees for the
factory, Wattles said.

Board members were equally excited about launching the microloan program, which
provides loans of $ 250 to $ 2,500 for small startups that may have difficulty
getting a conventional bank loan.

The pot of microloan money is a blend of public dollars from the occupational
license fees and private dollars from five local banks. The loans must be repaid
over a six- to 36-month period at the Wall Street Journal's prime interest rate.

One loan for $ 2,500 went to Chris D'Amico, owner of the Personal Treasures
ceramics shop in the Inverness Wal-Mart shopping center. Because her 3-year-old
shop is so young and small, D'Amico said banks were reluctant to give her a loan
to advertise and expand her selection of ceramic molds.

"It is very frustrating when you know what you can do and you know how good you
can do it, but nobody wants to work with you," D'Amico said. "I was very happy
with the EDC, that they said, "Yeah, we're going to take a chance.' It makes you
feel good that you've got somebody out there that believes in you and believes
in what you're doing."

Another loan for $ 2,500 went to Erik Jodock's 3SpadeFX Productions, a startup
software company that will help landlords run background checks on potential
tenants, Wattles said. Jodock did not return a call for comment.

"It's been a long process, and we're just happy to get it up and going and to be
putting money out to the people who need it," Wattles said after Thursday's
meeting.


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                              March 7, 2011 Monday

RMDC offers low rates to help expand micro credit

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 388  words


KATHMANDU: Rural Microfinance Development Centre (RMDC) is offering seed fund of
Rs 1 million at the rate of two per cent to microfinance institutions that are
willing to work in the remote hilly districts.

"Since microfinance institutions have not been interested to go to the remote
hilly districts due to high cost of fund, we are providing them low-cost fund to
go to the remote poors of Darchula, Jajarkot, Achham, Bhajang and Kalikot," said
CEO of RMDC Shankar Man Shrestha, launching 'State of Microcredit Summit
Campaign Report 2011', in the valley today.

"The RMDC teams will go to the field and approve their loans -- without any
charges -- so that they also donot need to bear the cost of coming to
Kathmandu," he added. The 1.65 million rural poor households in the country are
getting the service of microfinance but in recent years, due to cut-throat
competition, they are all overcrowded in accessible districts servicing the
non-poor and deviating from the mission of the microfinance.

"RMDC is trying to help microfinance institutions also to make them responsible
and not let them drift from the mission," he said, adding that overdebtness due
to overlapping and lending concentration will create troubles in the whole
sector, if unchecked on time.

"The microfinance institutions have to earn reasonable profit by charging the
reasonable interest rates for its sustainable growth. Despite the growing
interest rates due to liquidity crunch, the microfinance institutions have not
raised their rates," Shrestha added.

Globally, more than 128 million of the world's poorest families received
microloan in 2009 - an all-time high, according to the global report. Assuming
an average of five persons per family, the loans to 128 million poorest clients
help some 641 million family members, which is greater than combined po-pulation
of EU and Russia.

"Microcredit has very effectively lifted millions of poor women and their
families out of poverty," said US ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues
Melanne Verveer.

"With 100th anniversary of International Women's Day being celebrated on March
8, it is gratifying to see that over 81 per cent of very poor who received
microloans were women - that is more than 100 million people. However, Nepal has
witnessed almost 100 per cent involvement of women in the sector.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2006 Trustees of Indiana University
                 Indiana International & Comparative Law Review

                                      2006

                       16 Ind. Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 523

LENGTH: 23093 words

NOTE: EQUITY AND INNOVATION: USING TRADITIONAL ISLAMIC BANKING MODELS TO
REINVIGORATE MICROLENDING in urban america


NAME: Jay Lee*

BIO:



   * J.D. Candidate, 2006, Indiana University School of Law, Indianapolis,
Indiana; BA Germanic Studies, Slavic Languages & Literatures, Russian/Eastern
European Institute Area Certificate, 1996, Indiana University, Bloomington,
Indiana.


 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... "Anticipate charity by preventing poverty; assist the reduced fellowman,
either by a considerable gift, or a sum of money, or by teaching him a trade, or
by putting him in the way of business, so that he may earn an honest livelihood,
and not be forced to the dreadful alternative of holding out his hand for
charity. ...  Arising in the Third World in the early 1970s, microcredit
developed as a means to provide extremely poor people, especially women, with
access to credit and an alternative to charity. ...  Thus, microcredit also
serves as a means to combat the "feminization of poverty. ... Microcredit and
the Evolution of the Grameen Model. ...  When pressed about delinquency rates,
the director of Project Enterprise, a microcredit program operating in Harlem
and Brooklyn, New York and serving a predominantly African American female
clientele, indicated the project's total current default amount was $ 202, and
that one client had been delinquent, "but we got the money in the end. ...  If
the borrower outlives her loan, then the contributions are not refunded. ...
Unlike Islamic banking, where there is an outright ban on interest regardless of
amount, microlenders could assume part of the loan risk through trustee
financing. In exchange for part of the profit of the microentrepreneur's
business, the microlender can reduce the interest it charges to the
microentrepreneur. ...



HIGHLIGHT:
"Anticipate charity by preventing poverty; assist the reduced fellowman, either
by a considerable gift, or a sum of money, or by teaching him a trade, or by
putting him in the way of business, so that he may earn an honest livelihood,
and not be forced to the dreadful alternative of holding out his hand for
charity. This is the highest step and the summit of charity's golden ladder."

   -Maimonides [Moses ben Maimon], 1135-1204. n1


TEXT:
 [*523]

   I.Introduction


   The United Nations declared 2005 the International Year of Microcredit. n2
Arising in the Third World in the early 1970s, microcredit n3 developed as a
means to provide extremely poor people, especially women, with access to credit
and an alternative to charity. n4 Commenting on the significance of the
resolution, Mark Malloch Brown, Administrator of the U.N. Development  [*524]
Program, noted that sustainable access to microfinance is a central strategy in
the United Nations' goal to "halv[e] extreme poverty and hunger by 2015." n5
According to Secretary General Kofi Annan, such access "helps alleviate poverty
by generating income, creating jobs, allowing children to go to school, enabling
families to obtain health care, and empowering people to make the choices that
best serve their needs." n6 By the end of 2001, the number of people in extreme
poverty who benefited from microcredit programs rose to 26.8 million. n7 This
marks a fourfold expansion in microcredit since 1997. n8 The goal for 2005 is to
have helped 100 million poor people start their own business. n9 This number
encompasses about one-fifth of the world's population living in poverty. n10 The
thirty-four largest microlending programs serve a total of 7.5 million people,
of whom seventy-seven percent are female. n11 Thus, microcredit also serves as a
means to combat the "feminization of poverty." n12 Esther Ocloo, the founder of
Women's World Banking, a non- profit lending institution that has expanded into
fifty nations in Africa, Asia, Latin, and North America since its founding in
1979, n13 stresses the importance of female involvement: "Credit for women is
our right and we must fight for it." n14 This Note explores applications of
microcredit in the United States and suggests an approach to extend the benefits
of such programs to a wider clientele by means of a program that is both novel
and traditional: equity lending based on Islamic banking models. By effectively
sharing the profits of fledgling businesses, microlenders who adopt an equity
lending model can lower interest rates without substantially increasing lender
risk, offer their services to more microentrepreneurs, and support their
infrastructure through an influx of capital from their clients. This final
benefit, in turn, allows the microentrepreneur to give back to the group of
people who had the faith in her to make the original loan. n15


   This Note comprises three parts that analyze microcredit and its current
application in the United States, and it suggests a method of interest reduction
[*525]  that could enable U.S. microlenders to serve a greater number of poor
microentrepreneurs. Part I provides a general introduction to microcredit and
the evolution of the Grameen Model, pioneered by the Bangladeshi economist
Muhammad Yunus. Part II explores microlending in the United States and the niche
microlending provides in the broader realm of fringe lending. This section also
describes various governmental and non-profit applications that target specific
groups, such as refugees, mothers receiving assistance, and the disabled. An
important component of this section is the welfare transition from Aid to
Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) to Temporary Assistance for Needy
Families (TANF) and its effect on microcredit programs.


   Part III examines equity lending under traditional Islamic banking practices
and how such lending might be applied in an urban context in the United States.
Several caveats are raised by such an approach. First, such practice would
complicate the lender-borrower relationship, increasing the cost per loan in
terms of work hours and decreasing the borrower-to-lender ratio. n16 In other
words, despite lower interest rates attracting more clients, the general quality
of service might be compromised. Second, the Islamic provenance of equity
lending might inhibit its application in a society currently beset with
anti-Muslim sentiment. n17 Finally, proponents of microcredit stress that it is
not a panacea. People who only lack seed money but who have the requisite skill,
stamina, and luck can create a successful business. As a result, those who
cannot participate in such programs may be further stigmatized.


   Despite these concerns, equity lending in a microcredit context bears closer
scrutiny. Although such an approach may initially seem exotic, in many ways such
ideas are extensions of practices already in place in U.S. microcredit programs.
Also, while equity lending might be impractical on a larger scale, microlenders
typically have closer relationships with their clientele and offer far more
services and support than traditional financial institutions. In such an
environment, equity lending is a natural addition to the family. Additionally,
it can serve as a means to foster skills and relationships within communities
that have been traditionally shut out from other avenues of economic
development. n18

     [*526]

   II.Microcredit and the Evolution of the Grameen Model.


   The idea of microcredit arose in the Third World as a formalized version of
traditional methods of credit extension. n19 There are three overarching points
to remember regarding microcredit: it is not new, it is not simply about money,
and it is not enough. n20 In many circles, at least in the mid- to late-1990s,
it was haled as a panacea to cure world poverty. n21 While it is a useful tool
for combating poverty, both abroad and at home, microcredit has its limitations.
n22 Small loans are a means by which people can bring themselves out of poverty,
but such loans can only benefit those who are in a position to use them
productively. n23 Thus, microcredit is not a means to assist the estimated 40.3
million people living with HIV/AIDS n24 or the world's 35.5 million refugees and
displaced persons. n25 Moreover, some donor states might confuse the promise of
microcredit with the need for aid, n26 thereby preventing organizations from
serving those who might benefit most effectively. n27 Another important aspect
of microcredit is the empowerment of women it engenders. n28 Ninety-four percent
of the Grameen Bank's clients in Bangladesh are women. n29 By fostering this
participation, microcredit allows women to develop financial autonomy, thereby
promoting gender-equity and improving  [*527]  household and community
stability. n30 Ironically, these successes are due, in part, to institutions
like larger sponsor banks and corporations, which are not usually positively
associated with social justice issues. n31 In fact, these institutions are
considered to be "obstacles to women's empowerment." n32


   A.The Grameen Model


   The Grameen n33 Banking Model was developed in Bangladesh by the economist
Muhammad Yunus in 1977. n34 The first clients were stool makers. n35 These women
used their loan to purchase raw materials, thereby breaking the cycle of
subsistence caused by moneylenders charging high rates of interest. n36 Since
its inception, the Grameen Bank has grown to the point of serving 1.8 million
needy clients, lending $ 30 million per month. n37 Pointing to the high rates of
repayment, critics within Bangladesh have called on Grameen to move closer to
commercial banks and charge lower interest rates. n38


   Inspired by the good news from Bangladesh, programs based on the Grameen
model were established throughout the world. n39 Sponsored by nongovernmental
organizations, corporations, and governmental aid programs, these programs
appeared both in underdeveloped as well as highly industrialized nations. n40
Muhammad Yunus's theory was that wherever there was poverty, microcredit could
fight it. n41 The application of microcredit in American urban centers has been
turbulent. n42 Gary Hattem, president of the Deutsche Bank Americas Foundation,
for example, expressed concern that the publicity and excitement surrounding
microcredit could burn itself out: "Microfinancing has to grow as an industry as
a bottom-up strategy. The potential problem is too much enthusiasm and having it
explode." n43 Another drawback to the American application is that there are
many small microlenders "[w]ith limited organizational infrastructure and
management teams consumed  [*528]  by an incessant search for funding . . . ."
n44 These lenders devote little time to improving effectiveness or growth. n45
As a result, more than 40% of American microlenders have annual budgets under $
100,000, and these groups work in isolation and often duplicate each other's
efforts. n46


   There are several theories to account for the success of microcredit. n47
First, the reliance on peer pressure or other social and religious norms prove
to be as effective an incentive for repayment as traditional physical
collateral. n48 Second, microlenders succeed where there is a "credit-conducive
culture," n49 a theory tested in markets where there is a high degree of
consumer credit and indebtedness, such as the United States. n50 Third,
conventional financial wisdom may simply have miscalculated the need or
profitability of microlending and the ability of the poor to repay their debts.
n51 Furthermore, three factors have been advanced to account for the Grameen
Bank's success in Bangladesh: it serves the extremely poor; it can be used by
the poor, who are often illiterate and uneducated; and the rigidity of its rules
prevents cooption and subversion by local elites. n52 Theories explaining the
initial success of microcredit in the United States are explored below. n53


   1. Grameen I


   Under the original Grameen system, banks are responsible for territories of
fifteen to twenty-two villages. n54 The bank workers familiarize themselves with
the villagers and assess their needs. n55 Peer groups of five unrelated
individuals n56 are formed from each of the villages. n57 At this stage, these
groups are potential borrowers. n58 Membership is limited to persons whose net
worth is less than the equivalent of one-half acre of land. n59 Only two of the
five are  [*529]  eligible to receive funds. n60 The local bank observes the
borrowers for a month to ensure that they are adhering to the lending rules. n61
Only if these original borrowers successfully repay their loans and interest do
other members of the group become eligible. n62 The typical life of a Grameen
loan is fifty weeks, which produces an interesting symbiotic effect between the
borrowers and potential borrowers within the group. n63 During this time, the
other members exert substantial pressure to guarantee that the original loans
are repaid. n64 On the other hand, the economic benefit the borrowers derive
serves as an incentive for the others to remain in the program. n65 Interest
rates on Grameen loans range between sixteen n66 and twenty percent. n67


   Despite the greater individual isolation and potential mobility of poor urban
Americans, this double mechanism of peer lending has also worked in the United
States. n68 When pressed about delinquency rates, the director of Project
Enterprise, a microcredit program operating in Harlem and Brooklyn, New York and
serving a predominantly African American female clientele, indicated the
project's total current default amount was $ 202, and that one client had been
delinquent, "but we got the money in the end. It was not just a bank going after
the money, it was her peers too." n69


   2.Grameen II


   In 2002, Muhammad Yunus and the Grameen Bank developed the Grameen
Generalized System, commonly referred to as GGS, or Grameen II. n70 GGS was
viewed as an adaptive improvement upon the original system. n71 It added four
new characteristics to the original framework: loan flexibility, pension plans,
self- guaranteed loan insurance, and the community star system. n72 Not all of
these can be easily transferred to an urban American context.


   Precipitated by a devastating cyclone in 1998, n73 Grameen II introduced
flexibility to the original Grameen framework, thereby protecting borrowers
[*530]  from unforeseen crises, and insulating the bank from failure. n74 Under
this new loan regime, borrowers who find themselves in financial straits can get
a "rescheduled basic loan with its own separate set of rules." n75 While this
innovation makes a certain amount of sense, critics have pointed to it as an
example of bookkeeping legerdemain that inflates the touted repayment rates. n76
To the Bangladeshis in need of help, this criticism is irrelevant. It is
important to keep in mind, however, that American microlenders do not
necessarily practice this form of rescheduling, which in turn may contribute to
higher default rates. n77


   The second and third innovations are the introduction of pension plans and
self- guaranteed loan insurance, the applicability of which to the urban
American microcredit market will be explored elsewhere. n78 Basically, all
Grameen borrowers with a loan greater than a certain fixed amount must
contribute to a pension fund. n79 Unlike the American social security system,
borrowers who contribute to the general fund are guaranteed a set amount after
ten years when their pension account matures. n80 The rate of return is
envisaged to be nearly 200%. n81


   Self-guaranteed loan insurance was developed to address the fear of borrowers
that their debt might remain after they die. n82 Here, the borrower contributes
2.5% of the outstanding amount on the last day of each calendar year. n83 Should
the borrower die during the following year, the debt is paid out of the general
fund and the borrower's survivors are refunded all contributions to the fund the
borrower made. n84 If the borrower outlives her loan, then the contributions are
not refunded. n85 This, perhaps, serves as an incentive for the bank and its
branches to take a greater interest in the community and work toward an
increased standard of living for their villages.

     [*531]

   As a means of both improving village conditions and monitoring those
improvements, Grameen II includes a five-star registration component. n86 Each
star represents a separate achievement for the branch and its villages. n87 A
green star represents a zero percent default rate. n88 A blue star represents a
branch turning a profit. n89 A violet star represents a branch with a deposit
surplus greater than its outstanding loans. n90 A brown star represents a branch
that ensured an education for 100% of its borrowers' children. n91 Finally, a
red star represents a branch that succeeded in bringing 100% of its borrowers
above the poverty line. n92 At the end of 2002, there were 1,178 Grameen bank
branches operating in Bangladesh. n93 Of this number, 772 earned a total of
1,346 stars, or 1.74 stars per branch. n94 Staff members earn their stars
according to the achievements of the lending centers for which they are
responsible. n95 These stars are a matter of pride and social status n96 - there
is no monetary advantage in receiving them. n97

   B.Venture Philanthropy and the International Focus


   In his address to delegates at a microcredit conference held in London,
Muhammad Yunus proclaimed: "[P]overty does not belong in a civilised human
society. It belongs in museums." n98 While this sentiment is shared by
activists, NGOs, and the United Nations, the costs involved in relegating
poverty to the collective world memory are staggering. n99 It was estimated that
$ 21.6 billion would be required to expand microcredit initiatives to the
100,000 poorest families by 2005. n100 As Carter Garber, a development
consultant from the United States, points out, such a goal is a "very steep
challenge." n101 In the period 1987 to 1997, microcredit proponents raised only
five hundred million dollars in private funds. n102

     [*532]

   Fortunately, private donations are not the only source of funding that
microcredit enjoys. n103 The U.S. government and various corporate charitable
foundations provide support and guidance to microcredit initiatives. n104
However, the focus of this support has been primarily on foreign aid. For
example, one of the motivations behind the Microenterprise for Self Reliance and
International Anti-Corruption Act of 2000 n105 was a push by Congress to
"reaffirm[] the traditional humanitarian ideals of the American people and
renew[] its commitment to assist people in developing countries to eliminate
hunger, poverty, illness, and ignorance." n106


   Domestically, a large amount of microcredit funding has gone to the
assistance of refugee resettlement within the United States. n107 In fiscal year
2000, the Office of Refugee Relocation awarded $ 2,850,851 to develop and
administer microenterprise programs for the benefit of refugees. n108 These
programs were intended not only to aid in the resettlement of newly arrived
non-citizens, but also to aid refugees who have been in the United States for a
number of years and who seek microcredit as a means to supplement their incomes.
n109 This is not to gainsay the importance of such foreign investment; in fact,
one proponent has suggested that microcredit, with its twin goals of economic
opportunity and poverty alleviation, is the most effective way to wage a war
against terrorism. n110 Under the Clinton presidency, the Small Business
Administration (SBA) expanded its microcredit initiatives. n111 By 1997, the SBA
had awarded $ 70 million in grants to nonprofit organizations. n112 The loans
ranged in amount from $ 125 to $ 15,000, with half of the loans awarded to
women. n113 This progress has been subsequently imperiled by current  [*533]
economic policies: n114


   The Bush administration removed the Small Business Association from the
cabinet and proposed cutting the agency's funding by over 20 percent. Worse, it
aims to reduce the agency's lending capacity by 50 percent. [In 2002], there is
$ 9.4 billion available for small-business loans guaranteed by the agency. For
[2003], the administration is proposing less than $ 5 billion. n115


   To fill this breach, a new force has emerged: the venture philanthropist.
Under this paradigm, philanthropists are to "think like businesspeople." n116
They should seek out efficiency and innovation, and not merely cut a check to a
worthy cause. n117 While the idea of using market forces to affect social change
is "anathema" to some, n118 venture philanthropy has won some high profile
proponents. n119 Of the approximately 3,000 microcredit programs operating
worldwide, seventy percent serve fewer than 2,500 clients. n120 Part of what
motivates private investors such as Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun
Microsystems, n121 are the images of personal triumph over poverty: "I was
completely blown [away] as I listened to the stories of these tenacious women .
. . I started crying." n122 As far as investment potential, microcredit programs
might not be "as profitable as Google, but they have the same level of social
impact." n123 Such endorsements bring significant attention to microcredit, and
investors such as Khosla afford microcredit programs to grow beyond the current
levels. n124


   A more muted investment outlook is expressed by Alexandre de Lesseps, n125
founder of BlueOrchard, a Swiss microcredit investment  [*534]  consultancy
firm. n126 Microfinance investment is not a way to accumulate rapid sums of
wealth, but with an average return of four percent, it outperforms money market
accounts and is safer than the market. n127 "If you're a blue-chip investor
sitting on a lot of cash, it makes sense to put up to [four] percent of your net
worth into this type of fund." n128 De Lesseps also stresses the satisfaction
derived from aiding in the alleviation of world poverty. n129 Much of the
excitement surrounding microcredit is not only its perceived novelty, but the
promise that current efforts will "become one of the great humanitarian
movements of history, allowing people to free themselves from the bondage of
poverty." n130


   As seen in the comments above, microcredit is widely viewed as a program with
global, specifically Third World, applications. Microcredit in the United States
remains in the early stages of its development. n131 Venture philanthropy may
not be able to provide the same support to U.S. programs as it can in nations
such as Bangladesh or Sri Lanka. Venture capital generally retains an equity
interest in the companies it funds, n132 which in turn might reduce local
control and work against those characteristics which contribute to the success
of urban microcredit, such as a sense of community and local responsibility.
n133 Also, venture capital might prefer companies that can demonstrate
"significant unrealized market potential or the ability to develop new markets"
n134 rather than microentrepreneurs, who require ongoing training and support to
succeed. n135

     [*535]

   II.Microcredit in the United States


   A.Microfinance n136 in the Fringe Lending Context


   Microentrepreneurs and, more generally, consumers often face insurmountable
hurdles in their quest for credit: they lack credit histories, their credit is
poor, their income is low, or they have a high debt-to-income ratio. n137
Furthermore, their needs are often so relatively small that the cost of
application review, credit checks, and processing makes extending loans
prohibitively expensive for traditional banks. n138 Banks usually do not make
loans for less than $ 25,000. n139 Several legal and illegal options rise to
fill the credit vacuum, all of which offer credit at great cost. n140 This
situation depresses the opportunities of the individual credit-seeker, the
credit-seeker's family, and, in the aggregate, the credit-seeker's community.
n141


   The lack of available credit is also poignantly felt among immigrants. n142
The situation has become increasingly difficult for legal immigrants, in
particular, who face cuts in food stamps and restricted forms of social services
and public services during the first five years of their residency in the United
States. n143 For those immigrants wishing to start businesses but who are
ineligible for microloans under the program offered by the Office of Refugee
Resettlement of the Department of Health and Human Services, loansharks are
often the only option. n144 An entrepreneur in Williamsburg, New York reported
[*536]  that loansharks there charged $ 200 per month on a $ 1,000 loan, an
interest rate of 140% per annum. n145


   In addition to overtly coercive fraudulent money-lending operations, such as
loansharks, there are subtler swindlers that either resemble traditional finance
arrangements common in immigrant communities, or appear facially harmless. The
most common frauds are the Ponzi scheme n146 and its derivative versions.
Basically, investors are promised artificially high dividends when, in fact, new
investors' contributions provide the dividends of earlier investors. n147 There
is usually no actual capital production other than continually raising new
funds. n148 A variation of the Ponzi scheme is the pyramid, or airplane, n149
scheme in which investors receive compensation for bringing in new investors.
n150 Like the Ponzi scheme, pyramid schemes are illegal in most states. n151
Another version is the birthday club n152 in which new recruits make gifts of
money to current members under the impression that future recruits will in turn
make gifts of money to them. n153 Interestingly, many such clubs limit
membership to women. n154


   Generally, Ponzi schemes do not represent as great a threat to microfinance
operations, as they generally involve smaller amounts of money because, if the
victims were required to put up large sums of money to participate, it is
unlikely that they would need the services of a microlender. n155 There is room
for a certain amount of confusion of Ponzi schemes with their legitimate cousin,
the rotating savings and credit association (ROSCA). Essentially, a ROSCA is a
group of individuals who come together to make regular contributions to a joint
fund. n156 The joint fund is then distributed to one member of the group who
then repays the loan in further monthly  [*537]  contributions. n157 "Deciding
who receives the lump sum is done by consensus, by lottery, by bidding or other
agreed methods." n158 Such arrangements are common in Mexican immigrant
communities, where they are known as tandas. n159 Tandas are often administered
privately, as members may be undocumented. n160 This reluctance to turn to the
authorities for help increases the risk that members of a tanda will fall victim
to fraud, but such occurrences are apparently rare. n161 Professor Carlos
Velez-Ibanez, a professor of anthropology at the University of California,
Riverside, who studies tandas, describes a group cohesion similar to the peer
pressure mechanism that drives repayment under Grameen microlending:


   If you bug out on somebody, all of the other relationships also vibrate. That
is, your cousin's going to know about it, your aunt's going to know about it,
the people that you go to school with are going to know about it and your
reputation then goes down the tubes and you won't be invited to the wedding, to
the baptism or to Aunty Maria's 50th golden anniversary. n162


   Other groups use ROSCAs similar to the tanda to start and maintain small
businesses; Caribbean cultures call the arrangement en susu and the Vietnamese
hui. n163 Korean and Ethiopian immigrants also have similar financial programs.
n164 While these immigrant ROSCAs resemble Grameen microlending in form and
function, it should be kept in mind that these groups are typically no larger
than ten to fifteen persons, n165 and each group has no support beyond its
membership. n166


   Proponents of microcredit urge that it is equally applicable in the United
States as it is in rural South Asia. n167 Others do not believe the transition
will be so smooth. n168 Two separate studies have shown impressive gains made by
poor microentrepreneurs vis-a-vis control groups composed of non-poor
microentrepreneurs and poor people who did not participate in microcredit
[*538]  programs. n169 Before examining those studies, this Note will address
the general development of microfinance in the United States.


   Microfinance is often defined in the United States as "a sole proprietorship,
partnership or family business that has fewer employees, [without] access to the
commercial banking sector, [utilizing] a loan of less than $ 25,000 to start or
expand a business that usually grosses less than $ 250,000 per year." n170 In
fact, "microenterprise development" covers a vast spectrum of programs that
reflect the purposes and values of their designers and clients. n171 "Over 750
microenterprise programs and supporting programs now exist in all 50 states, the
District of Columbia, the Mariana Islands and Puerto Rico. In 2000, the majority
of these programs assisted 99,945 individuals, of which 9,800 were borrowers."
n172 There are an estimated two million microentrepreneurs currently working in
the United States. n173 Self-employment has grown in prominence due to layoffs
and downsizing in the current U.S. economy. n174


   Microfinance in the United States resonates with the American psyche, n175
even though the benefits of microfinance manifest themselves in largely
unpredictable ways. n176 Perhaps the most important side- effect of
microfinance, especially where it allows a family to move out of poverty, is the
ability to accumulate wealth. This, in turn, leads to, among other things,
improved household stability, an increase in social and political participation
and influence, and an enhancement of child welfare. n177 Furthermore,
microcredit provides the means for some to break the cycle of economic
dependency and poverty by providing both economic literacy and self-esteem. n178
This in turn leads to family and community development. n179


   Despite these optimistic possibilities, some observers have noted that it is
irresponsible to expose poor people to the vagaries of market economics, n180
especially when moving from government assistance to self- employment may
[*539]  mean a loss of medical coverage. n181 Proponents counter that
microenterprise "represent[s] a responsible hybrid of business and social
welfare institutions." n182


   Described as "the new public interest law," n183 microfinance has a
revitalizing potential that goes beyond mere banking. It is "not simply an
economic issue; it is also a moral issue." n184 Microfinance involves the
dignity of self-employment coupled with community empowerment. n185 While the
original programs were marketed to women, n186 microfinance has expanded to
serve women and men, who in turn work together to build stronger communities.
n187 Furthermore, the training and technical assistance that microfinance
programs provide, which are the most expensive components of the programs, n188
are also the most important, especially for low-income clients. n189 By
addressing poverty through attacking the credit gap, these programs build people
as well as businesses. n190 Among the disparate groups microfinance programs
have assisted are immigrants and refugees, n191 domestic violence survivors,
n192 physically disabled persons, n193 ex-offenders reentering society, n194 and
homeless persons. n195


   One of the difficulties facing the domestic application of microfinance
programs is the higher level of regulation and red tape in the United States
than abroad. n196 At the federal level, microfinance programs must contend with
IRS regulations, n197 the Community Block Grant Development Program, n198 as
well as a litany of consumer laws. n199 The current administration's
"faith-based initiatives" experiment provides a further level of complexity.
n200 Most  [*540]  microlending programs are organized as tax-exempt charitable
or educational entities under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
n201 In order to qualify for 501(c)(3) status, the program must be "organized
and operated exclusively for . . . charitable . . . or educational purposes."
n202 The word "charitable" comprises "relief of the poor and distressed or of
the underprivileged, advancement of education, and promotion of social welfare
through organizations formed to lessen neighborhood tensions, eliminate
prejudice and discrimination, or combat deterioration or juvenile delinquency."
n203


   The Community Block Grant Development Program, which involves grants of aid
from the Department of Housing and Urban Development n204 to "carry out a wide
range of community development activities directed toward revitalizing
neighborhoods, economic development, and providing improved community facilities
and services," n205 now recognizes microfinance programs as eligible recipients.
n206 However, some groups are reluctant to accept federal monies out of concern
over the loss of local control. n207


   Other statutes that affect microenterprise programs deal with consumer law
and credit-reporting practices. n208 The Truth in Lending Act (TILA) n209
concerns the computation of annual lending rates and how this information is
communicated to the consumer. n210 The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) n211
ensures that women are extended credit on the same terms as men, regardless of
their marital status. n212 The Fair Credit Billing Act n213 outlines the
procedures used in dealing with complaints about customer billing. n214 The Fair
[*541]  Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA or FDCA) n215 outlines appropriate
and inappropriate debt collection methods. n216 The Fair Credit Reporting Act
(FCRA) n217 grants consumers access to their credit records and affords them
opportunities to correct incorrect information. n218


   At the state level, microfinance programs must be aware of moneylender
licensing and charitable solicitation licensing requirements, as well as usury
laws. n219 While lender liability suits are rare, microfinance organizations
often have to contend with various legal issues. n220 Aside from more mundane
legal problems, such as breach of contract claims against distributors, n221
some programs have inquired as to their liability should the repayment peer
pressure turn tortious. n222


   In Hawthorne v. Olympia Fields, n223 the Women's Self Employment Project
entered as amicus curiae on behalf of a client who sought a zoning change to
allow her to conduct a child daycare business. This case was critical because it
not only affected microentrepreneurs' ability to work in one of the more popular
spheres of microenterprise, but it also affected microentrepreneurs in need of
child care. The "WSEP's interest in home-based child care stems from a desire to
provide quality child care for low-income women, thereby helping welfare
recipients become self sufficient, and from helping welfare recipients and other
low-income women achieve a living wage through work as a home day care
provider." n224


   In the case at bar, Sonya and Marcus Hawthorne purchased a house in Olympia
Fields (the Village), intending to use it as a day care facility. n225 The
Illinois Department of Children and Family Services approved their license, but
the Village denied them a zoning permit. n226 The Village cited the fact that
day-care facilities were outside the "home occupation" exception of businesses
allowed in residential zones. n227 Businesses falling outside of the "home
occupation" exception include "[o]ffices, clinics, doctors' offices, hospitals,
barbershops, beauty parlors, dress shops, millinery shops, tearooms,
restaurants, tourist homes, animal hospitals and kennels, among other things[.]"
n228 Because  [*542]  this effectively meant that the Hawthornes could not open
a state-licensed day-care facility anywhere within the limits of the Village,
the zoning ordinance was "null and void" under Illinois law. n229 Other than the
court mentioning WSEP specifically, n230 there is no indication that this case
involves microcredit or women working their way out of poverty. Hawthorne
underscores the problems microentrepreneurs may face in their transition from
welfare to work beyond the typical concerns of funding and training.


   A.Findings of Studies of Microfinance in the United States


   The earliest study this Note considers organizes microlenders in one of two
ways: either as a subsidiary of a larger agency or corporation, or as a
tax-exempt nondepository community development financial institution. n231
Significantly, microlenders falling in the latter category were unregulated
lenders, and investor funds were uninsured. n232 The majority of groups in the
study used the Grameen peer-lending model with loans ranging between $ 8,000 and
$ 20,000. n233 Among the study's findings were the importance of the peer-
lending model, which was purported to lower operating costs, n234 as well as the
need for microlenders to be acquainted with the needs of their clientele. n235
"With first-hand knowledge of the local economy, group members are quick to
assess the market for, and feasibility of, a business idea and often have
valuable insights, connections, and business assistance to offer." n236 That
being said, the researchers repeat the mantra that has echoed through almost
every account of microcredit, except for those written by Muhammad Yunus:
Microcredit is not a panacea. n237 However, "targeted microenterprise
development has tremendous potential for reaching deeply into disadvantaged
populations." n238


   Five years later, the second study reaffirmed the basic values of
microcredit: "[r]ather than emphasizing a person's deficiencies when they enter
the program, such as their lack of training for a certain job, or low
educational attainment levels, microenterprise programs being by recognizing a
person's strengths-the skills, aptitudes, interests, and experience that they
already have." n239 Most of the programs studied were funded primarily through
[*543]  private philanthropy. n240 The focus of the various programs remained
poverty alleviation, but there was also a "strong emphasis on client
self-selection and client choice." n241 Furthermore, a noticeable non-charity
approach stressed client responsibility and reliance on market interest rates
and repayment standards. n242


   The final study, the Self-Employment Learning Project (SELP), is a
culmination of a five-year survey of microentrepreneurs from 1992 to 1996. n243
The key finding was that more than seventy-two percent of the poor
microentrepreneurs "gained in household income during the five-year period, and
more than one-half were able to move out of poverty." n244 A number of
respondents were also able to discontinue government assistance. n245 Household
assets rose by $ 13,623 on average, with the greatest increases among poor
respondents ($ 15,909). One of the more surprising results of the study was the
large fraction of households with assets in excess of $ 10,000. n246 "It is
primarily the value of their real estate that accounts for the relatively high
level of average assets for these respondents." n247 Also, despite their
relative income levels, microentrepreneurs who participated in the survey
achieved higher average levels of education than microentrepreneurs who were
unable to participate, or members of the poor non-microentrepreneur control
group. n248


   Beyond these statistics, there are numerous first-hand accounts of how well
microcredit can work (even though it cannot work for everyone), including that
of Gloria Davis from Chicago, Illinois:


   [M]y cousin was an underpaid secretary and I was a welfare mother sewing
bridesmaids' dresses at home. All we needed was $ 3,000 to open the dress shop
we've been dreaming about since we were kids. But we couldn't get a bank to even
talk to us. Thanks to the Women's Self-Employment Project, we are now co-owners
of the Neo Emporium. We have determination and a good business plan and with the
grace of God, we're going to make it.  n249

     [*544]

   And, more recently, a twenty-three year old microentrepreneur said:


   Through a local microenterprise program I learned about how I could start my
own business . . . . I had experience cleaning houses for $ 25 a day so I
thought, why not start my own business doing that. In my work with the literacy
program my reading level increased from the third grade to the eighth grade. I
haven't been on welfare in six years. I can read to my kids and we read the
Bible everyday. I can now earn $ 200 a day. I make $ 48,000 a year and my goal
is to make $ 60,000. I don't panic anymore. I feel great. I have confidence in
myself. n250


   Microcredit programs have also reached out to people whose potential might
not be as readily apparent as in the examples above. In this case, the success
story belongs to a recovering alcoholic homeless veteran:


   He is now in the tenth week of Faith Ministry's program where he has learned
about marketing, accounting, legal requirements, and business regulations. A
volunteer lawyer has agreed to help him structure his business, assist him with
getting the appropriate business licenses, and, along with the microenterprise
program staff, help him apply for a $ 1000 loan for tools and equipment and
business start-up expenses. The lawyer, also a Vietnam Veteran, has agreed to
serve as Joe's personal mentor. . . . He attributes his current
successes-sobriety, temporary housing, participating in a microenterprise
program-to the possibility that he can start something on his own and try to
reunite with his family. n251


   Finally, microcredit has also helped noncitizens to strengthen their families
and communities:


   When Carlos Aldana came to the United States from Ibague, Columbia, 11 years
ago, he worked at three jobs . . . His first $ 1,000 loan from Accion helped him
buy a van to make deliveries; later, larger loans helped him by a tiny cafe . .
. and to expand the production of corn cakes known as arepas. Today, Mr. Aldana
employs 11 workers in his arepa factory . . . . n252

     [*545]

   B.Microfinance and Welfare Reform


   The SELP study is also the first completed in the wake of Welfare Reform and
the enactment of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation
Act of 1996 (PRWORA). n253 Under the previous welfare regime, income caps
militated against participation in microcredit programs. n254 Families receiving
Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) lost their benefits if their
assets exceeded $ 1,500. n255 No distinction was made between personal assets
and money obtained through loans or the value of capital investment, nor could
welfare recipients deduct principal repayments as business expenses. n256 Since
loans were included under the heading of assets, a microloan of $ 2,000 could
result in a loss of AFDC benefits. n257 "It [took] a giant leap of faith for an
AFDC mother to forego the security of a monthly welfare check-not to mention
Medicaid health coverage for her family." n258


   The PRWORA dramatically changed the way federal guarantees of assistance to
the nation's poorest children had been delivered over the last six decades. n259
"Most notably, the law prohibits states from using federal block grant funds to
assist a family for more than five years . . . and requires adults to be engaged
in work within two years or receiving assistance, or sooner at the state's
option." n260 On the bright side, PRWORA eliminated the federally-mandated
income exclusions and asset caps that had caused problems under the old regime.
n261 A further advantage of PRWORA and the implementation of state TANF programs
are the provisions that grant states broad discretion over microenterprise
programs. n262 Of course, this discretion can be used either advantageously or
disadvantageously. For example, states face escalating participation rates in
order to avoid TANF penalties. n263 Not all employment initiatives qualify;
therefore, "a state may be hesitant to allow involvement in microenterprise
activities unless the state is confident that allowing such activities will not
put the state at risk of failing to meet the required participation rate." n264
Also, this does not account for those for whom microcredit programs are not a
viable option: estimates place the number of  [*546]  welfare recipients who are
able to benefit from self-employment at only five to ten percent. n265


   The picture grows dimmer when one considers the non-entrepreneurial working
poor in the aftermath of welfare reform. The focus is almost solely on getting
people into jobs no matter what the wage or quality of work. n266 It was
estimated that in order for the economy to absorb one million former welfare
recipients, the bottom thirty percent of workers, those earning less than $ 7.19
per hour, would suffer an eleven percent wage drop or face displacement. n267
"The working poor will end up even poorer." n268 Microenterprise advocates have
developed a number of recommendations to maximize the chances of microenterprise
success. n269 The first calls for a minimum of six months job training and two
years business development to be granted to people transitioning from welfare to
work. Additionally, training programs should be developed to partner workers
with microenterprises to supplement their incomes. n270 While these are valid
recommendations, it has become increasingly important to find ways to extend the
reach of successful microcredit programs to aid as many of the working poor as
possible. Section III of this Note suggests a means of increasing revenues,
counterintuitively, by adopting banking practices that will allow microlenders
to lower their interest rates.


   D.Microfinance: Costs and Problems


   Much of the early literature on microcredit mentions the low default rates.
n271 These low default rates and the corresponding claims of self- sufficiency
on the part of microcredit programs n272 appear to be largely illusory. The
average loss rate for microloans in the United States is above ten percent. n273
Microcredit advocates must come to terms with the fact that microcredit is
costlier than other forms of credit. n274 The Edgcomb study reported that the
average loan costs $ 1.47 per dollar lent to make and manage the loan, with
costs ranging between $ 0.67 and $ 2.95. n275 A board member of a Los Angeles
microenterprise program asked, when confronted with a similar  [*547]
cost-to-loan ratio: "Instead of investing so much effort and time into
microenterprise programs, why don't we just hire a helicopter, fly over the
target neighborhoods, and throw the money out of the window?" n276 Of course, as
related above, there is more to microenterprise than merely banking, and the
anecdote ends happily: "seeing firsthand the broad range of impact that the
microenterprise program had on individuals, especially in developing 'human
capital' (including self- esteem, confidence, and the drive to obtain financial
self-sufficiency) this same board member became an enthusiastic convert . . . ."
n277 A collateral effect of the high transactional costs involved in handling
such loans is the difficulty in turning a profit without charging high interest
rates. n278


   Despite this persistent enthusiasm, major challenges remain. Perhaps the
three greatest challenges are the need for health care coverage for
microentrepreneurs and their families, a financial cushion, and ongoing
technical assistance. n279 The lack of health care is especially poignant, as
the sickness of an entrepreneur or a close relative can destroy an otherwise
successful microenterprise: "[m]y sister on the first floor, she didn't have
anyone else to help her . . . she's in a wheelchair and is a dialysis patient. I
just couldn't walk away from her." n280 Perhaps these problems can be remedied
by variations of the Bangladeshi adaptations of Grameen II outlined previously.
"Generally, all programs are urged to offer clients access to credit through
innovative bank and other linkages . . . ." n281 The question becomes how much
programs are willing to experiment and how much risk they are willing to assume.
The next section explores concepts of Islamic banking law, the implementation of
which can allow microlenders the opportunity to offer loans at lower interest
rates and afford microentrepreneurs the ability to set aside the difference for
health coverage or a rainy day fund.


   III.Microcredit and Equity Lending.


   A.Applications of Equity Lending Without Interest n282


   The past twenty years have seen tremendous growth in Islamic  [*548]
banking. n283 Estimated worldwide deposits surpass $ 80 billion in more than
forty-five countries. n284 By 1999, the annual turnover was estimated at $ 70
billion, and it was projected to surpass $ 100 billion by 2000. n285
Paradoxically to the Western mind, these results have been achieved in a system
that prohibits the charging and payment of interest. n286 The Koran prohibits
the practice of usury. n287 Whether this ban covers only the charging of
exorbitant interest or the charging of any interest whatsoever is the subject of
scholarly debate. n288 The rejection of interest centers on the perceived
injustice of a borrower compelled to return more than he borrowed. n289 The use
of paper money, credit cards, and checks is also considered to be a form of
usury as it contributes to inflation. n290 Wealth is accumulated through
investment and mutually agreed upon ventures. n291 Islamic law imposes two
requirements on such enterprises: (1) each investor has an equal voice in
decision-making, regardless of amount invested; and (2) the investment need not
be monetary, but can come in the form of time, skill, or effort. n292


   These banking principles work best on a smaller scale. To date, no interest-
free national economies have been established, n293 nor has anyone, "at the very
least, opened a successful zero-interest investment fund in an [industrialized]
country which could be taken as a model by believers and unbelievers alike."
n294 Proponents claim that not only are such large-scale  [*549]  ventures
possible, but they would lead to greater economic stability. Under such a
system, participants would technically be debt-free. n295 During periods of
economic decline, profit shares would decline equally for everyone, and no one
would be left with onerous interest payments. n296


   Rather than charging and paying interest, traditional Islamic banking systems
are based either on the sharing of profit and loss or the charging of a
pre-arranged fee. n297 Of the former group, the two most relevant for possible
microcredit application are mudaraba, or trustee financing, and musharaka, or
equity participation. n298 Of the latter group, murabaha, or cost plus markup,
is the most relevant. n299 The main difference between the two categories is
that for trustee financing and equity participation, the return is variable and
is calculated at the end of the loan period, or for longer loans, at fixed
periods. n300 In none of these situations may a contract be negotiated to
provide a fixed rate of return. n301


   1.Mudaraba


   Under mudaraba, or trustee financing, as it shall be called for the remainder
of this Note, each partner agrees to a fixed share of the profits based on a
contractual agreement. n302 Neither the gross nor the net returns may be
predetermined. n303 Losses must be shared equally by all partners. n304 A modern
application of trustee financing emends the traditional arrangement by allowing
the ratio of return to be negotiated between the partners at the outset of the
venture. n305 The risk of financial loss is assumed completely by the financial
backer, usually a bank. n306 Borrower liability is limited to the entrepreneur's
lost time and effort, unless the bank can show negligence or malfeasance on the
part of the borrower. n307 Proponents of this system indicate that under such an
[*550]  arrangement, with financial risk completely on the lender, banks would
be more circumspect in their lending practices, thus eliminating the need to
charge interest. n308


   This does not sound like the kind of argument that would win over many
converts in the banking industry, but it is applicable to microlending. Unlike
Islamic banking, where there is an outright ban on interest regardless of
amount, microlenders could assume part of the loan risk through trustee
financing. In exchange for part of the profit of the microentrepreneur's
business, the microlender can reduce the interest it charges to the
microentrepreneur. As the microentrepreneur returns for further loans, the
interest rate can be raised or lowered according to the health of their
repayment history. The lower the risk of default, the more burden of risk the
lender should be able to shoulder. n309


   The trustee financing model is not without its disadvantages. Chief among
them is the uncertainty of profit and the subsequent difficulty of calculating
share returns. n310 Under this type of contract arrangement, the lender and
borrower are partners. At first, the lender controls all the shares and is
entitled to 100% of the profits. n311 As each loan installment is repaid, the
borrower buys control of shares, simultaneously increasing his share and
decreasing the lender's share of the profits. n312 This continues until the
borrower controls 100% of the profits. At this point, the loan is paid in full.
n313


   The repayment system is complex enough without taking market fluctuations
into consideration. The situation is further complicated by the fact that, at
least in a microcredit context, borrowers may not keep accurate and detailed
records. n314 Dealing with profit share payment under trustee financing might
also pose a problem for people with no exposure to Islamic banking practices. In
fact, "the acceptability of [this] model depends rather heavily on whether such
an agreement is in accordance with Islamic banking principles." n315 One might
argue that, since an important component of microcredit is the training and
support that accompanies it, borrowers can be trained to work effectively with
bookkeeping for purposes of profit share calculation. n316 This, however, leads
to the question of where the microlender case workers will get their training.
"The margin for error is considerable given that a single loan officer often
manages 100-200 borrowers." n317

     [*551]

   3.Murabaha


   Under murabaha, or cost plus markup, the lender actually purchases the
capital goods the borrower needs and would have otherwise borrowed money to
purchase. n318 The borrower repays the lender the price of the goods plus an
additional fee to cover administrative costs. n319 Cost plus markup is one of
the most common forms of Islamic banking practice. n320 It is used to obtain
machinery, raw materials, and finished goods. n321 Loan repayment under this
system is easier to grasp and, subsequently, easier to predict. Something
similar to cost plus markup is already practiced in the United States. As a
means to protect against borrower bankruptcy, microlenders will sometimes take a
security interest in goods purchased with the loan money. n322 While this
approximates a murabaha arrangement, it is technically different because there
is no corresponding markup on the capital goods. n323


   Cost plus markup seems more conducive to Grameen banking, as well. A Yemeni
microfinance program started in 1997 grew within two years to an active
membership of 1,000, with $ 150,000 in loans outstanding and a turnaround of one
week. n324 The clients were "entrepreneurial poor in urban slum districts." n325
The program adopted the Grameen II innovations of loan insurance and
increasingly larger loans. n326 Unlike the Bangladeshi model, only thirty
percent of the Yemeni participants were women. n327


   Because the markup is predetermined, this type of loan contract typically
costs the borrower less. n328 Of course, under a trustee financing arrangement,
the borrower could stand to earn a greater absolute amount of money, but there
is no guarantee. Also, some prefer the markup system because of its inherent
transparency. n329 In fact, it is easier to enforce because the lender owns the
goods until the final installment is paid, n330 in a sort of lending layaway.
Trustee  [*552]  financing is more difficult to police. Due to its complexity
and unpredictability, honest error, negligence, or malfeasance may go
undetected. n331 However, it retains the advantage of all parties sharing in the
profits, and in some respects, the losses, equally. n332 These tradeoffs are
important to keep in mind. Although writing about Islamic banking in particular,
Dhumale and Sapcanin make a point applicable to all forms of financing when they
write that program must account "for the . . . risks of a particular methodology
not only to the program but also to borrowers." n333


   A.Application of Equity Lending in the United States


   To a very limited extent, equity microlending already exists in the United
States.  n334 One example is the Philadelphia Development Partnership, which
offers zero-interest loans to Muslim microentrepreneurs based on tenets of
Islamic banking. n335 It is important to keep in mind that even though
hypothetical microloans can be disbursed using Islamic banking theory, loans to
non- Muslims need not be zero-interest. In exchange for a limited share of the
microentrepreneur's profits, the lender could offer a reduced interest rate that
would both ease the burden of repayment and give the lender a more vested
interest in the entrepreneur's success. Any lender profit realized from the
transaction could be funneled into technical assistance generally, or into
specific health or rainy-day accounts for the particular entrepreneur. n336


   B.Challenges to Wider Adoption of Equity Microlending in the United States


   The three main challenges to the wider adoption of equity microlending in the
United States are anti-Islamic sentiment, n337 the complexity of the equity
microlending, n338 and, in a broader sense, the negative scrutiny placed on
those who even this "softer" version of microenterprise cannot help. n339 The
first obstacle seems hardly worth mentioning but, considering the current wars
in Afghanistan and Iraq, the topic should be addressed, however briefly.
Microlenders, one would hope, are socially conscious humanitarians who place the
welfare of their clients above any prejudices they may harbor. As for the
[*553]  microentrepreneurs, their main concern would most likely be successfully
starting their businesses and rising from poverty. n340


   The second challenge, however, is much more daunting. As shown above, Islamic
banking models are highly complex and counterintuitive to people who are
accustomed to operating under interest-driven finance. In fact, the charts in
the appendix depicting the distribution of borrower and lender profits are
artificially simplified with a fixed periodic profit of $ 1,000 to demonstrate
the basic mechanism of profit sharing. n341 However, it should be kept in mind
that microcredit is much more complicated and labor intensive than conventional
banking; "groups must think seriously about commitment and be prepared for the
long haul because microenterprises are expensive to operate and involve a large
time commitment for practitioners." n342 In her legal guide to microenterprise,
Jones details a number of planning issues that practitioners have identified as
important to consider. n343 One such recommendation is a call for greater
transparency in reporting:


   If a bank services the microloans, it is important for the bank and the
microenterprise program staff to maintain close communication. Negotiate with
the bank for timely reports on borrowers' payments. These reports should be
weekly or biweekly; monthly reports are insufficient because they allow for
extended unsupervised periods of default. The microenterprise programs need to
know immediately if borrowers are having trouble making loan payments.  n344


   For the program experimenting with equity microlending, the suggestion to
maintain transparency becomes paramount. Not only must borrowers be aware of
non- standard financial arrangements, the financial institutions that back the
loans must be even more aware. In this regard, equity microlending may be a
viable option for only those microlenders who maintain complete control of their
financial resources. n345


   Finally, if equity lending has the positive benefit of opening
microenterprise possibilities for a wider array of poor entrepreneurs, it might
also have the unintended effect of bringing increased negative scrutiny to those
persons who are unable to participate in microenterprise projects. Numerous
factors, such as environmental, social, and psychological, have a bearing on an
individual's ability to rise from poverty. n346 "There are as many routes out of
[*554]  poverty as there are into poverty." n347 In her address before the
microcredit summit, Hillary Clinton observed that "[i]t is the individual human
being willing to work hard who will be given the opportunity if that person
takes responsibility to seek and find a better life for themselves [sic]." n348
The language of choice and responsibility of this quotation suggests that a
person unable to work hard might be viewed as unwilling to work hard, and a
moral stigma attaches to those who cannot benefit from microcredit. n349 In
considering adaptations and improvements to the application of microcredit in
the United States, it is important to keep in mind the admonition that is often
repeated in the international context: "The United States and other donor
nations should not place unrealistic conditions on their support for those who
work micromiracles. Nor should they use this program as a substitute for other
more basic ways of helping the poorest of the poor." n350


   IV.Conclusion


   Since its creation in the 1970s, microcredit has demonstrated both its
simplicity and effectiveness. Banking on a person's potential rather than her
credit or collateral has helped countless families worldwide to break free of
poverty. Microcredit has also been successful in the United States; however, the
transfer from the developing nation and agrarian village society to a highly
regulated urban America has not been as smooth as microcredit proponents had
originally envisaged. Still, the fundamental concepts of microcredit have proven
highly adaptable in the new context. Central to microcredit's success in the
United States is the desire of microlenders and microentrepreneurs to see the
system succeed. It is a moral force that transcends simple banking.


   The goal of this Note is to suggest a further adaptation of the Grameen
microcredit model. By incorporating elements of Islamic banking, specifically,
techniques which would allow microlender to move away from dependence on high
interest rates, the lenders could either offer lower rates to microentrepreneurs
to cushion their introduction to self-employment or they could funnel the money
into accounts which could provide health insurance or emergency funds for their
borrowers.


   The problems associated with such a project might make it impractical on a
wide scale. The largest obstacle is the complexity and alien nature of
interest-free banking. It is an experiment for only the most dedicated and
dauntless  [*555]  microlenders to undertake. However, it does provide an
opportunity for microlenders to expand and shore up their clientele in certain
key areas.


   Finally, it is important to bear in mind that for all its potential,
microcredit is not a silver bullet to end poverty in the United States. That
being said, it should also be remembered that microcredit is an option for only
a fraction of the nation's poor people. Those who cannot be helped by
microcredit must not be blamed for the limitations of the program.

     [*556]

   Appendix


   Table 1. Household Assets of Low-Income Microentrepreneurs


   [SEE TABLE 1 IN ORIGINAL]


   SOURCE: Peggy Clark et al., Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings from the
Self- Employment Learning Project, Five Year Study of Microentrepreneurs 21
(1999).

     [*557]

   Table 2. Comparison of SELP Poor Respondents to the Poor in the U.S. by Key
Characteristic: Household Composition and Government Benefits Receipt


   [SEE TABLE 2 IN ORIGINAL]


   Source: Peggy Clark et al., Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings from the
Self-Employment Learning Project, Five Year Study of Microentrepreneurs 14
(1999).  [*558]

   Table 3. Comparison of SELP Poor Respondents to the Poor in the U.S. by Key
Characteristic: Education Level Attained


   [SEE TABLE 3 IN ORIGINAL]


   Source: Peggy Clark et al., Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings from the
Self-Employment Learning Project, Five Year Study of Microentrepreneurs 14
(1999).  [*559]

   Table 4. Comparative Change in Governmental Assistance to Poor
Microentrepreneurs


   [SEE FIGURE 4 IN ORIGINAL]


   Source: Peggy Clark et al., Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings from the
Self-Employment Learning Project, Five Year Study of Microentrepreneurs 37
(1999).  [*560]

   Table 5. Lender and Entrepreneur Profits under a Mudaraba Model


   [SEE TABLE 5 IN ORIGINAL]


   Source: Rahul Dhumale & Amela Sapcanin, An Application of Islamic Banking
Principles to Microfinance at 9, U.N. Doc. 23073 (Dec. 1999).  [*561]

   Table 6. Lender and Entrepreneur Profit Distribution under a Mudaraba Model


   [SEE TABLE 6 IN ORIGINAL]


   Source: Data taken from Table 5.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawNational BanksInterest & UsuryGeneral OverviewInsurance LawProperty
InsuranceCoverageHurricanes & TornadoesPublic Health & Welfare
LawHealthcareGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  John Bartlett, Familiar Quotations 122 (Justin Kaplan ed., 16th ed. 1992);
see Susan R. Jones, Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development 65-66 (2004).
"[A]ccording to Maimonides, a Jewish sage, the greatest level of tzedekah 'is to
strengthen the hand of the poor by means of gift or loan or by going into
partnership with him so that he can become self- sufficient.'" Id. (quoting
Faith Based Microenterprise, Part II: How is Faith-Based Microenterprise
Different?, 9 AEO Exchange, Jan.-Mar. 2003, at 1, available at
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/newsletter/Jan- Mar2003/Jan.Mar2003web.pdf).




n2  General Assembly Greenlights Programme for the International Year of
Microcredit 2005: Observance Will Promote Access to Financial Services and
Empowerment of Poor, Especially Women, M2 Presswire, Dec. 31, 2003 [hereinafter
Greenlights].




n3  The terms microcredit, microfinance, and microlending are used
interchangeably throughout the literature. Microcredit and microlending are more
commonly used internationally, where proponents stress the extension of credit
as a means to empower the extremely poor whereas American sources are more
likely to stress the entrepreneurial aspects of credit extension with such terms
as microfinance, microbusiness, or microentrepreneurship.




n4  See Microcredit's Limits, Int'l Herald Tribune, May 26, 2004, at 8
[hereinafter, Microcredit's Limits]; see also Microcredit Could Lift Millions
Out of Poverty, Deutsche Presse-Agentur, Sept. 8, 1995 [hereinafter, Millions
out of Poverty].




n5  Greenlights, supra note 2, at 1.




n6  Id.




n7  UN Under-Secretary General Lauds Effectiveness of Microcredit as Second
Committee Takes Up Implementation of Decade for Eradication of Poverty;
Millions, Particularly Women, Lifted Out of Extreme Poverty, Delegates Told, M2
Presswire, Oct. 10, 2003.




n8  Greenlights, supra note 2, at 1.




n9  Gordon Platt, Changes Urged in Microcredit Lending, Journal of Commerce,
Sept. 15, 1999.




n10  Millions Out of Poverty, supra note4, at 1.




n11  Platt, supra note 9, at 9.




n12  UN Second Committee Panel Discussion Hears Experts Underline Important Role
of Microcredit in Raising Housing Incomes, Boosting Living Standards, M2
PRESSWIRE, Oct. 24, 2003; see also, Platt, supra note 9, at 9 (noting that 1
billion of the 1.5 billion people living worldwide on less than $ 1 per day are
women).




n13  Millions Out of Poverty, supra note 4, at 1.




n14  Id.




n15  See Jones, supra note 1, at 41.




n16  Anthony D. Taibi, Banking, Finance, and Community Economic Empowerment:
Structural Economic Theory, Procedural Civil Rights, and Substantive Racial
Justice, 107 Harv. L. Rev. 1465, 1527 (1994).




n17  See, e.g., Slayings Spark New Wave of Anti- Muslim Sentiment, Augusta
Chron., Jan. 23, 2005, at A9; Jack Encarnacao, Officials Say Arson Was Cause of
Fire in Springfield Mosque, Boston Globe, Dec. 12, 2005, at B1; Shaik Ubaid,
American Muslims Hope for the Best: Despite Promises by President Bush, this
Community's Fears of a Backlash Are as Strong as Ever, Newsday, Dec. 7, 2004, at
A43.




n18  See, e.g., Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Microlending and the Battle
Against World Poverty 180-88 (1999) (describing microcredit initiatives among
the Lakota Sioux as well as centers of rural and urban poverty).




n19  Microfinance-Credit Lending Models, at
http://www.grameen-info.org/mcredit/cmodel.html (last modified Aug. 1, 2000)
[hereinafter Lending Models].




n20  The Virtual Library on Microcredit: Documents and Reports, available at
http://www.gdrc.org/icm/icm- documents.html (n.d.) (last visited Mar. 19, 2006).




n21  See generally Kathy McKenna, Little Loans Mean a Lot, N.Y. Times, June 3,
1987, at A26 (letter to the editor from an activist in the fight against world
hunger in which the activist points to low default rates as proof that the poor
are "bankable.").




n22  See Microcredit's Limits, supra note 4, at 1. The United States and other
donor nations should not "use this program as a substitute for other more basic
ways of helping the poorest of the poor." Id.




n23  Microcredit Alone Won't Reduce Poverty: WB Study, The Independent, Jan. 15,
1999, available at LEXIS, News Library, Emerging Markets Datafile.




n24  World HIV and AIDS Statistics, available at
http://www.avert.org/worldstats.htm (last updated Feb. 9, 2006).




n25  Key Statistics, World Refugee Survey, 2004, T a b l e 1 , a t
http://www.refugees.org/data/wrs/04/pdf/key statistics.pdf (last visited Mar.
19, 2006).




n26  Microcredit's Limits, supra note 4, at 1.Starting next year, half of U.S.
support for microfinance groups must go to those living well below their
nations' poverty lines, or earning less than $ 1 a day. . . . [T]he program
could well force loans on people who may not be ready for them or who may really
need outright aid instead. Id.




n27  See id.




n28  See Millions Out of Poverty, supra note 4; see generally Jude L. Fernando,
The Role of NGOs: Charity and Empowerment: Nongovernmental Organizations,
Micro-Credit, and Empowerment of Women, 554 Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci.
150 (1997).




n29  Basic Facts About Microfinance, at
http://www.uncdf.org/english/microfinance/facts.php (n.d.) (last visited Mar.
19, 2006) [hereinafter Basic Facts].




n30  Id.




n31  Fernando, supra note 28, at 151.




n32  Id.




n33  Grameen is the Bengali word for villages. See "Grameen Bank," at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grameen (last modified Feb. 26, 2006).




n34  Yunus, supra note 18, at 61.




n35  Alex Counts, Give Us Credit 39 (1996).




n36  Yunus, supra note 18, at 44-56.




n37  Basic Facts, supra note 29.




n38  Hasina - Microcredit, United News of Bangladesh, Feb. 19, 2004.




n39  See Yunus, supra note 18, at 155.




n40  See, e.g., Bruce Clark, Big Role for the Small Loan, Fin. Times (London,
England), Feb. 6, 1997, at 3.




n41  Yunus, supra note 18, at 175.




n42  See Valjean McLenighan & Jean Pogge, The Business of Self-Sufficiency:
Microcredit Programs in the United States 8 (1991) (listing common problems
experienced in U.S. programs).




n43  Adrian Murdoch, Value for Money: Microfinancing Can Change the Way Poorer
Populations Develop, 14 WorldLink 52 (Sept. 1, 2001) (quoting Stephanie Lowell).




n44  Id.




n45  Id.




n46  Id.




n47  Jameel Jaffer, Microfinance and the Mechanics of Solidarity Lending:
Improving Access to Credit Through Innovations in Contract Structure, 9 J.
Transnat'l L. & Pol'y 183, 186 (1999).




n48  Id.




n49  Id.




n50  See Justin Lahart, Spending Our Way to Disaster: The Consumer Debt Bubble
in the United States Could Make the Stock Bubble Look Like Nothing, CNN/Money,
Oct. 3, 2003, a v a i l a b l e a t
http://money.cnn.com/2003/10/02/markets/consumerbubble/.




n51  Jaffer, supra note 47, at 186.




n52  Philip M. Nichols, Swapping Debt for Development, 27 N.Y.U.J. Int'l L. &
Pol. 43, 74-78 (1994).




n53  See id. at Section II-B.




n54  Lending Models, supra note 19.




n55  Id.




n56  Jaffer, supra note 47, at 198.




n57  Lending Models, supra note 19.




n58  Id.




n59  Jaffer, supra note 47, at 198.




n60  Yunus, supra note 18, at 63.




n61  Lending Models, supra note 19.




n62  Id.




n63  See id.




n64  Id.




n65  Id.




n66  Jaffer, supra note 47, at 198.




n67  Yunus, supra note 18, at 68.




n68  Murdoch, supra note 43.




n69  Id.




n70  Yunus, supra note 18, at 237.




n71  Id.




n72  Id. at 237-43; see also Muhammad Yunus, Grameen Bank II Designed to Open
New Possibilities, at http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/bank2.html (last modified
Sept. 13, 2003) (updating developments of the Grameen Generalized System as of
October 2002) [hereinafter Grameen II].




n73  Grameen II.




n74  Yunus, supra note 18, at 238.




n75  Id.




n76  See Harry Hurt, A Path to Helping the Poor, and his Investors, N.Y. Times,
Aug. 10, 2003, at 3-4.




n77  Cf. Murdoch, supra note 43. "The way that some organisations report
defaulted loans also raises eyebrows . . . continuing transparency in the sector
is crucial." Id. (internal citation omitted). See also Elaine Edgcomb et al.,
The Practice of Microenterprise in the U.S.: Strategies, Costs, and
Effectiveness 52 (1996) (noting that default rates for the period of the study,
1992-94, have commonly been above 10%).




n78  See infra Section II.




n79  Yunus, supra note 18, at 240.




n80  Id.




n81  Id.




n82  This fear apparently arises primarily out of concern that the soul will not
be at rest, rather than the more temporal fear that the family might be forced
to assume the debt. See id. at 241.




n83  Id. In this respect, the system resembles the Muslim practice of mudaraba.
See infra Part II.B.




n84  Yunus, supra note 18, at 241.




n85  Id.




n86  Id. at 242.




n87  Id.




n88  There were 696 green stars awarded in 2002. Id. at 242.




n89  There were 437 blue stars awarded in 2002. Id.




n90  There were 213 violet stars awarded in 2002. Id.




n91  Sixty-one branches applied for brown stars in 2002. Id.




n92  Twenty-one branches applied for red stars in 2002. Id. at 243. It is
unclear whether the indicated poverty line is national or international. Id.




n93  Id.




n94  Id. at 243.




n95  Grameen II, supra note 72.




n96  Id.




n97  A similar program could be introduced on a state or federal level in the
United States, with each star earned translating directly into tax credits or
some other benefit for the sponsor bank and microlender.




n98  Clark, supra note 18, at 3.




n99  Id.




n100  Id.




n101  Id.




n102  Id.




n103  See About FIELD: Advisory Board, at http://www.fieldus.org/about/advisory
board.html (last visited Mar. 20, 2006) (FIELD, a national board of
microlenders, lists among its donors the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation,
Citigroup Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the Levi Strauss Foundation, and the
U.S. Small Business Administration).




n104  Id.




n105  22 U.S.C.S. § 2151 (2005).




n106  Id.




n107  2000 Off. of Refugee Resettlement Ann. Rep., a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.acf.dhhs.gov/programs/orr/policy/00arc6.htm (last updated Sept. 26,
2002).




n108  Id.




n109  Id. See, e.g., Peggy Clark et al., Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings
from the Self-Employment Learning Project, Five Year Survey of
Microentrepreneurs vi-vii (1999) (indicating a parallel practice of income
patching among urban microentrepreneurs).




n110  Hurt, supra note 76, at 4. (quoting Alexandre de Lesseps, co-founder of
BlueOrchard Finance and "one of the leading figures in the world of
microfinance. . . .) "The only way to solve the problems of poverty and
terrorism in the world today . . . is through investment." Id.




n111  Taibi, supra note 16, at 1527.




n112  Hillary Clinton, Remarks at the Microcredit Summit, Washington, D.C. (Feb.
6, 1997).




n113  Id.




n114  See Fred P. Hochberg, American Capitalism's Other Side, N.Y. Times, July
25, 2002, at A17 (the author was deputy and then acting administrator of the
Small Business Administration from 1998 to 2001).




n115  Id.




n116  In 2005, How to Align Your Money with Your Values, Christian Sci. Monitor,
Jan. 24, 2005, at 13 [hereinafter How to Align].




n117  Id.




n118  Murdoch, supra note 42.




n119  How to Align, supra note 116 (Charles Harper, executive director of the
John Templeton Foundation outline venture philanthropy and lists VISA and MBNA
as groups currently involved).




n120  Saritha Rai, Tiny Loans Have Big Impact on Poor, N.Y. Times, April 12,
2004, at C3.




n121  Vinod Khosla, Wikipedia: The Free Encyclopedia, at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinod Khosla (last modified Mar. 6, 2006).




n122  Rai, supra note 120, at 3.




n123  Id.




n124  Id.




n125  Hurt, supra note 76, at 4.




n126  BlueOrchard Finance s.a. - Microfinance Investment Advisers, at
http://www.blueorchard.ch/en/home.asp (n.d.) (last visited Mar. 20, 2006).




n127  Hurt, supra note 76, at 4.




n128  Id.




n129  Id.




n130  Fernando, supra note 28, at 159.




n131  See generally Clark, supra note 109, at viii (describing some of the
problems U.S. programs have experienced and certain adaptations they have
undertaken).




n132  Jones, supra note 1, at 77.




n133  Edgcomb, supra note 77, at 5.




n134  Jones, supra note 1, at 77.




n135  See Clark, supra note 109, at viii. "Low- income entrepreneurs need
ongoing technical assistance and specialized consulting to help them implement
and grow their businesses." Id.




n136  Non-profit and government entities in the United States prefer such terms
as "microfinance," "microenterprise," and "microentrepreneur" to the
internationally used term "microcredit." See id. The difficulty of finding
evidence to support this proposition directly is perhaps attributable to a
semantic choice designed to remove the stigma of charity or entitlement from
these programs. See id.




n137  James P. Nehf, Secured Consumer Credit and the Fringe Banking Industry
(manuscript, on file with author).




n138  Id.




n139  Leslie Eaton, Minor Loans Giving Major Help, Microcredit Catches on with
Entrepreneurs in Need, N.Y. Times, July 11, 1998, at B1.




n140  Nehf, supra note 136, at 2.




n141  See Clinton, supra note 112.




n142  See Housing Counseling: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Housing & Community
Opportunity of the House Comm. on Financial Services, 108th Cong. 120 (Mar. 18,
2004) (statement of Kenneth D. Wade, Executive Director, Neighborhood
Reinvestment C o r p o r a t i o n ) , a t
http://financialservices.house.gov/media/pdf/108-73.pdf. "Many minority
families, particularly immigrants, lack the information and familiarity with
mainstream financial institutions, which makes them vulnerable targets for high
cost loans and predatory lending practices." Id.




n143  Jones, supra note 1, at 44.




n144  See, e.g., Eaton, supra note 139, at B1; see also Laura Sydell, Mexican
Immigrants Use Money-Lending System Known as a Tanda to Start Small Business,
(Nat'l Pub. Radio Broadcast, Aug. 9, 2004) [hereinafter Tanda].




n145  Eaton, supra note 139, at B1.




n146 " This scheme takes its name from Charles Ponzi, who in the late 1920s was
convicted for fraudulent schemes he conducted in Boston." Black's Law Dictionary
1198 (8th ed. 2004).




n147  Id.




n148  Id.




n149  An airplane scheme is simply a pyramid scheme with titles assigned to the
investors such as pilot, co- pilot, navigator, stewardess, passenger, depending
on how close the investor is to winning a pay-out. See, e.g., New York v.
Riccelli, 540 N.Y.S.2d 74 (1989).




n150  Black's Law Dictionary 1272 (8th ed. 2004).




n151  Id. See, e.g., Ind. Code Ann. § 35-45-5- 2 (2004); 815 Ill. Comp. Stat.
Ann. 505/1 (2004); Cal. Penal Code § 327 (2006) (all three illustrating laws
against illegal gambling and fraudulent investment schemes, none of which
resemble the basic mode of Grameen microcredit).




n152  Jennifer Coleman, Sacramento Authorities Probe Pyramid Scheme, Associated
Press, Oct. 23, 2002, available a t B e r k e l e y D a i l y P l a n e t ,
http://www.berkeleydailyplanet.com/article.cfm?archiveDate=10-23-
02&storyID=15584.




n153  Black's Law Dictionary 710 (8th ed. 2004).




n154  Id.




n155  This, however, might not be the case in smaller-stake Ponzi or pyramid
schemes. See id.




n156  Lending Models, supra note 19.




n157  Id.




n158  Id.




n159  Tanda, supra note 144.




n160  Id.




n161  Id.




n162  Id.




n163  Id. See, e.g., ROSCAs: Whats in a Name?, available at
http://www.gdrc.org/icm/rosca/rosca-names.html (n.d.) (last visited Mar. 20,
2006) (listing common names for ROSCA arrangements by continent and country).




n164  Eaton, supra note 139, at B1.




n165  Tanda, supra note 144.




n166  See id. (noting the low profile and self- sufficient nature of tandas.).




n167  Clinton, supra note 112.




n168  Cf. Eaton, supra note 139, at B1. Robin A.E. Ratcliffe, a vice-president
of ACCION International said, "Some people thought that you could take [the
Grameen] model, go clunk and make it work here . . . but that is not our
experience." Id.




n169  See generally Clark, supra note 109, at v; Edgcomb, supra note 77, at 2;
McLenighan, supra note 42, at 2-4.




n170  Susan R. Jones, Representing the Poor and Homeless: Innovations in
Advocacy Tackling Homelessness Through Economic Self-Sufficiency, 19 St. Louis
U. Pub. L. Rev. 385, 389 (2000).




n171  Jones, supra note 1, at 2.




n172  Id.




n173  Clark, supra note 109, at 4.




n174  Susan R. Jones, Small Business and Community Economic Development:
Transactional Lawyering for Social Change and Economic Justice, 4 Clinical L.
Rev. 195, 201 (1997).




n175  Clark, supra note 109, at iv.




n176  Id. at 68.




n177  Id. at 20 (quoting Michael Sherraden, Assets and the Poor: A New American
Welfare Policy 294-95 (1991)).




n178  Jones, Representing the Poor and Homeless, supra note 170, at 394.




n179  Jones, supra note 1, at ix.




n180  Cf. Murdoch, supra note 43 (noting the perceived irresponsibility of
exposing the world's poor to market forces rather than the U.S. poor).




n181  See, e.g., Clark, supra note 109, at 25.




n182  Taibi, supra note 16, at 1527.




n183  Jones, Small Business, supra note 174, at 200.




n184  Jones, supra note 1, at 3.




n185  Id.




n186  But see The WSEP Strategy, at http://www.wsep.net/About.htm (on file with
author) (The Women's Self-Employment Project was founded to serve women and
still maintains that mission).




n187  Clinton, supra note 112.




n188  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 10.




n189  Jones, supra note 170, at 398.




n190  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 10.




n191  Jones, supra note 1, at 50-54.




n192  Id.




n193  Id. at 56.




n194  Id. at 57-61.




n195  Id. at 61.




n196  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 9.




n197  Jones, supra note 1, at 25-28.




n198  Id. at 16.




n199  Id. at 33.




n200  See id. at 65. "[F]aith-based initiative has raised many legal and policy
questions. . . [yet] faith-based microenterprise members are doing some of the
best work in maintaining the focus on poverty alleviation as the most important
impact of U.S. microenterprise efforts." Id. (internal quotation marks omitted).




n201  Id. at 25.




n202  Id. at 27.




n203  Id. at 27-28.




n204  United States Department of Housing and U r b a n D e v e l o p m e n t ,
a t http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United States Department of Housing and Urban
Development (last modified Mar. 1, 2006).The United States Department of Housing
and Urban Development, often abbreviated HUD, is a Cabinet department of the
United States government. It was founded in 1965 to develop and execute policy
on housing and cities. It has largely scaled back its urban development function
and now focuses primarily on housing. Id.




n205  Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Communities Overview, at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/cpd/communitydevelopment/programs/enti
tlement/index.cfm (last updated Dec. 15, 2005).




n206  Jones, supra note 1, at 16.




n207  Telephone Interview with Jonathan Brereton, Chief Financial Officer,
ACCION Chicago (Oct. 14, 2004) [hereinafter Brereton Interview].




n208  Jones, supra note 1, at 33.




n209  15 U.S.C. § 1601 (2005).




n210  Jones, supra note 1, at 33.




n211  15 U.S.C. § 1691 (2005).




n212  Jones, supra note 1, at 33.




n213  15 U.S.C. § 1666 (2005).




n214  Jones, supra note 1, at 33.




n215  15 U.S.C. § 1692 (2005).




n216  Jones, supra note 1, at 33.




n217  15 U.S.C. § 1681 (2005).




n218  Jones, supra note 1, at 33.




n219  Id. at 29-33.




n220  Id. at 32.




n221  Brereton Interview, supra note 207.




n222  Jones, supra note 1, at 32.




n223  Hawthorne v. Olympia Fields, 765 N.E.2d 475 (Ill. App. Ct), aff'd, 790
N.E.2d 832 (Ill. 2003).




n224  Brief of Amici Curiae Voices of Illinois Children et al., at 10, Hawthorne
v. Olympia Fields, 765 N.E.2d 475 (Ill. App. Ct. 2002) (No. 1-01-447).




n225  790 N.E.2d at 835.




n226  Id.




n227  Id.




n228  Id. This list would exclude a large number of microenterprises from the
Village. Id.




n229  Id. at 837.




n230  Id. at 838.




n231  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 5.




n232  Id.




n233  Id. at 12.




n234  Id. at 6.




n235  Id. at 7.




n236  Id.




n237  Id.; see also Jones, supra note 170, at 392 (noting that criticism of
microfinance includes the observation that there are "only a small percentage of
possible microentrepreneurs in the U.S. population.").




n238  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 7.




n239  Edgcomb, supra note 77, at 1.




n240  Id. at 2.




n241  Id.




n242  Id.




n243  Clark, supra note 109, at v.




n244  Id.




n245  See Appendix, tables 2 & 4.




n246  See Appendix, table 1.




n247  Clark, supra note 109, at 21.




n248  See Appendix, table 3.




n249  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 3.




n250  Jones, supra note 1, at 50.




n251  Jones, supra note 170, at 388.




n252  Eaton, supra note 139, at B1.




n253  Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996).




n254  Yunus, supra note 18, at 185.




n255  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 48.




n256  Jones, supra note 1, at 45-46.




n257  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 48.




n258  See id. at 48 (1991) (noting the Women's Self-Employment Project's
negotiation with the state of Illinois for an annual waiver of the income cap).




n259  Jones, supra note 1, at 44.




n260  Id.




n261  Id. at 45.




n262  Jones, Representing the Poor and Homeless, supra note 170, at 397.




n263  Jones, supra note 1, at 47.




n264  Id.




n265  Id. at 46.




n266  Clark, supra note 109, at 40.




n267  Id. at 41.




n268  Id.




n269  Jones, supra note 1, at 47.




n270  Id. at 48-49.




n271  See, e.g., McKenna, supra note 21, at A26. "A loan repayment rate of 94 to
98 percent shows that people previously labeled as not credit-worthy are indeed
bankable. They make up in industry and ingenuity what they lack in capital." Id.




n272  See, e.g., Eaton, supra note 139, at B1. "Because almost all the money
gets repaid, it can be reused, making microcredit programs very cost-effective,
proponents say. Some programs even make enough money from their lending to cover
their costs." Id.




n273  Edgcomb, supra note 77, at 59.




n274  McLenighan, supra note 42, at 9.




n275  Edgcomb, supra note 77, at 3.




n276  Jones, supra note 1, at 13.




n277  Id.




n278  Hurt, supra note 76, at 3-4.




n279  Clark, supra note 109, at viii.




n280  Id. at 25.




n281  Jones, supra note 1, at 8.




n282  See Muhammad Umer Chapra & Rashid Rahman, Towards a Just Monetary System
68 (1986) (noting that equity lending "not only distribute[s] equitably the
return on total investment between the financier and the entrepreneur, but also
transfer[s] a fair share of the risk of the risks of investment to the financier
instead of putting the whole burden on the entrepreneur.").




n283  Rahul Dhumale & Amela Sapcanin, An Application of Islamic Banking
Principles to Microfinance, at 9, U.N. Doc. 23073 (Dec. 1999) [hereinafter
Islamic Banking].




n284  Id.




n285  It is unclear what affect the events of September 11, 2001 and the
invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq have had on international Islamic banking. See
Hurt, supra note 76, at 3-4 (noting in passing that microfinance is "an idea
that is taking on renewed popularity in the wake of Sept. 11, 2001, and the wars
in Afghanistan and Iraq"). Cf. Impact of Iraq War on Sovereign Credit Ratings in
Arab Region, Gulf News, (Jan. 28, 2 0 0 6 ) a t h t t p : / / w w w . g u l f -
news.com/Articles/print.asp?ArticleID=111371 (reviewing changes in the Standard
& Poor's rating for various nations in the Middle East in the wake of the Iraq
War).




n286  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 1.




n287  See The Koran 270 (trans. J.M. Rodwell) (1994). "Whatever ye put out at
usury to increase it with the substance of others shall have no increase from
God: but whatever ye shall give in alms, as seeking the face of alms, shall be
doubled to you." Id. "O believers! Fear God and abandon your remaining usury, if
ye are indeed believers." Id. at 30. "O ye who believe! devour not usury,
doubling it again and again and again! But fear God, that ye may prosper." Id.




n288  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 1.




n289  Richard Douthwaite, Short Circuit: Strengthening Local Economies For an
Unstable World,
http://www.feasta.org/documents/shortcircuit/index.html?sc4/wsep. html (n.d.)
(last visited Mar. 20, 2006) [hereinafter Short Circuit].




n290  Id.




n291  Id.




n292  Id.




n293  Id. (citing Mahmud Ahmad, Towards Interest- Free Banking (2000)). "[N]ot a
single Muslim country . . . is running its financial institutions without
resorting to interest. The fact is that no one knows how to do it and when
political pressure mounts, they can only resort to some kind of subterfuge." Id.




n294  Id.




n295  Id.




n296  Id. In an American context, perhaps such lending practices might have led
bankers during the Great Depression to commiserate with dustbowl farmers rather
than foreclose their mortgages.




n297  Shaikh Mahmud Ahmad, Man and Money: Towards an Alternative Basis of Credit
432 (2002).




n298  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 3.




n299  See, e.g., Jones, supra note 1, at 36 (noting that some U.S. microlenders
protect themselves against borrower bankruptcy by retaining a security interest
in borrowers' capital purchases).




n300  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 5.




n301  Id.




n302  Instruments of Islamic Investments: Mudaraba, available at
http://www.altawfeek.com/res1c1l.htm (n.d.) (last visited Mar. 20, 2006)
[hereinafter Instruments].




n303  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 3.




n304  Id. See also Instruments, supra note 302.




n305  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 3.




n306  Instruments, supra note 302.




n307  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 8.




n308  Short Circuit, supra note 289.




n309  Cf. Grameen II, supra note 72 (discussing the "flexible loan" repayment
program whereby lowered risk of default allows rescheduling of debt).




n310  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 8.




n311  See Appendix, tables 5 & 6.




n312  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 8.




n313  Id.




n314  Id. at 10.




n315  Id.




n316  Clark, supra note 109, at 69-70.




n317  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 10. Since the current clientele of
U.S. microlenders is significantly lower than in places such as Bangladesh, this
concern is not as great yet it remains valid. Id.




n318  Id. at 10.




n319  Id. at 11.




n320  Instruments of Islamic Investments: Murabaha Sale, available at
http://www.altawfeek.com/res1c1b.htm (n.d.) (last visited Mar. 20, 2006)
[hereinafter Islamic Investments].




n321  Id.




n322  Jones, supra note 1, at 36.




n323  Id. (not mentioning any surcharge made to the borrower for the lender's
security interest). It would seem that, rather than turn a profit, a U.S.
microlender would experience a loss in depreciation were it to claim its
security share. See id. This loss could be aggravated by an inability to resell
the item and subsequent storage charges, at which point such an arrangement may
prove inefficient. See id.




n324  Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 11.




n325  Id.




n326  Id.




n327  Id.




n328  Id. at 12.




n329  Id.




n330  Id.




n331  Id. at 4.




n332  Id. at 3.




n333  Id.




n334  Jones, supra note 1, at 66.




n335  Id.




n336  See, e.g., Clark, supra note 109, at 69. The supposition that profits may
be used for these collateral goals, of course, assumes that a microlender would
have sufficient funding or successful borrowers to both offset the losses of
failed microenterprises and to absorb the costs of a health care plan.




n337  Ubaid, supra note 17.




n338  See generally Islamic Banking, supra note 283.




n339  See, e.g., Jones, supra note 170.




n340  See, e.g., WSEP, supra 186.




n341  See Appendix, tables 5 & 6; Islamic Banking, supra note 283, at 9.




n342  Jones, supra note 1, at 39-40.




n343  Id. at 42.




n344  Id.




n345  See, e.g., Eaton, supra note 139, at B1 ("Accion New York . . . has had
the most trouble with its loans to taxi and livery drivers because they move
around so much . . . .").




n346  Clark, supra note 109, at 15.




n347  Id. (quoting Robert E. Friedman, Microenterprise as an Asset Building
Strategy Among the Poor, Presentation at a Ford Foundation Conference at New
York University (December 10-12, 1998)).




n348  Clinton, supra note 112.




n349  For example, the popular title of Pub. L. No. 104-193, i.e., Personal
Responsibility & Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996, suggests the
morally stigmatic dimension of individual welfare programs.




n350  Microcredit's Limits, supra note 4, at 8.


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Cheyenne DDA helps with downtown fa&#231;ade program

BYLINE: Becky Orr

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 10-10 NEWS DDA meeting::1

LENGTH: 466 words


bkm

Cheyenne DDA helps with downtown fa?ade program

Written Thursday, Oct. 9, 2014

At a glance

The Cheyenne Downtown Development Authority/Main Street board decided Thursday
to contribute to a program to improve the look of downtown buildings.

By Becky Orr

borr@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Leaders of a Cheyenne agency decided Thursday to give $20,000 to
improve the look of downtown buildings.

The Cheyenne Downtown Development Authority/Main Street board approved a $20,000
contribution to the Cheyenne Historic Fa?ade Improvement Program for 2014-15.

The city of Cheyenne's Planning Department developed the program to encourage
building owners and businesses to improve the front of their buildings.

Its goal is to "maintain historic context and integrity, provide a sense of
place and increase the economic vitality of downtown Cheyenne," according to a
program description.

The city program will operate in cooperation with DDA/Main Street, the Cheyenne
Historic Preservation Board, Wyoming Main Street and the Wyoming State
Historical Preservation Office, said city employee Jan Spires.

The Cheyenne-Laramie County Economic Development Joint Powers Board and the city
of Cheyenne also agreed to provide $20,000 each for the pilot year of the
program.

Those who apply for the grant program could ask for enough money to help clean
up their buildings, to provide minimal maintenance or to do a full restoration.

"I'm glad to see we're finally trying to implement something like this," City
Council President Mark Rinne said. He also is a DDA/Main Street board member.

"It's an exciting project for downtown," said Dave Ohde, chairman of DDA/Main
Street's design committee. "It's an opportunity to make some visible significant
improvements in the character of downtown."

Building owners likely could apply for grant money after the first of the year.

The DDA/Main Street board also agreed Thursday to provide its first microloan of
$15,000 to Niemann and Sons Music in Cheyenne. The four-year loan will be
offered at 4.25 percent interest.

DDA/Main Street recently established the microloan program to help the downtown
economy.

Owner Dave Niemann will use the money to pay for new signs, create a basement
studio area to give music lessons, pay for some relocation costs and hire
additional employees.

Niemann recently moved the store from the Cheyenne Plaza shopping center to
downtown.

In other matters, the board:

n

Announced the resignation of board treasurer and member Brandon Kramer.

He wrote a letter to Cheyenne Mayor Rick Kaysen saying that he resigned because
of current professional and personal developments.

n

Heard that Wendy Owen of Cheyenne is the DDA/Main Street's first operations and
communications manager.

She will provide staff support to the promotions committee and business support
to retailers.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 10, 2014 Monday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Microlender's college contest to boost Philly-region small business

BYLINE: By Diane Mastrull; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 454 words


Lend for Philly is a contest designed for college students. But the ultimate
winner, its organizers say, will be small businesses.

Students in the region who take up the challenge from Lend for America, a
national nonprofit microlender, will be equipped with smartphone apps and
required to map small businesses around their schools. They must also ascertain
two specific things from owners of those businesses: what they need the most,
and how many employees they have.

The winning university team - the one that maps the most businesses by May 1 -
will be awarded $5,000. That must be used to set up a campus microfinance
institution (MFI) that will issue loans typically less than $5,000 and provide
training services to local small businesses.

Through the effort, Newark, N.J.-based Lend for America, formed in 2009, also
hopes to trigger formation of three other campus MFIs, to add to 24 nationwide.
Together, they have issued $1.7 million in microloans, said executive director
Vanessa Carter.

"There's more than 50 colleges and universities in the Delaware Valley region,"
Carter said. "We see these . . . as having a talented and motivated labor pool
that is untapped." At the same time, she said, the effort will "strengthen the
culture of innovation in Philadelphia."

Confirmed participants include the University of Pennsylvania and Haverford
College, Carter said, noting that the contest is a first for Lend for America.

The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation is providing $75,000 to, in part,
help pay for the launch of Lend for Philly, its $5,000 prize, a boot camp in
April for participants, and loan capital for the four MFIs.

Working with the nonprofit makes sense for the Knight Foundation, given its
interest in finding ways for the region to attract and retain talent, said Donna
Frisby-Greenwood, Knight's Philadelphia program manager.

Establishing links between college students and local businesses "helps connect
these young people further to the Philadelphia community," Frisby-Greenwood
said. "The more connections they make, the more likely they are to stay here
post-graduation."

Sustainable Business Network of Greater Philadelphia executive director Jamie
Gauthier called the initiative a mutually beneficial "smart and innovative use
of resources."

"Engaging students in the underwriting of microloans will help them to gain
valuable experience while simultaneously filling the capital and resource needs
of our local small businesses," Gauthier said. "Additionally, the program will
expose young people to entrepreneurship and raise awareness to the fact that a
thriving small-business culture is vital to a thriving Philadelphia economy."

dmastrull@phillynews.com

215-854-2466 @dmastrull


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           November 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Entrust funds offer £5m-plus in start-up and expansion loans;
ADVERTISEMENT FEATURE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 503 words


ENTRUST is gearing up to help more SMEs expand through a £5m-plus pot of finance
available over the next two years.

Although the economy appears to have turned the corner, bank lending for growing
businesses has still not returned to its pre-recessionary levels, which is where
Entrust is able help.

The Newcastle-based business support and enterprise agency has funding in place
to support the growth plans of up to 350 new and expanding firms between now and
2015.

Entrust has approved loans of £3.6m to almost 350 SMEs since 2011, cementing its
reputation as a leading lender in this sector, even during the economic
downturn.

Entrust CEO Dan Brophy said: "We maintained our lending levels during the
recession, helping hundreds of small, young businesses survive when access to
mainstream finance all but disappeared.

"Now the economy appears to be entering a growth phase, we are determined to
build on that support and provide the money that SMEs still desperately need for
their expansion plans.

"By investing in the region's small businesses, Entrust is investing in the
future engine of the regional economy.

This money is available now and we want to hear from any SMEs that need
finance."

There are three loan funds focused on new and expanding SMEs, as part of the
suite of financial help available from Entrust.

The Growth Fund, aimed at businesses with expansion plans, has £2.7m of loans
available and can provide up to £50,000 per loan for working capital or to
invest in new equipment.

It aims to create and protect regional jobs.

The £2.3m North East Microloan Fund is designed to provide capital for existing
and new businesses with loans of £1,000 to £25,000 available.

Those who have struggled to access cash from mainstream lenders are particularly
encouraged to apply to this fund, which is part of the £125m Finance for
Business North East Programme.

Finally, budding entrepreneurs over the age of 18 can access business mentoring
and loans from £250 via the Government Start Up Loans scheme, which Entrust
delivers in the North East on behalf of the Start Up Loans Company.

Jamie Richardson opened his On Point tattoo business in Walker, Newcastle, last
year with £9,000 from the Entrust Microloan Fund.

He used the money to secure the lease on his shop, convert it into a tattoo
studio and buy essential stock. Before opening up, Jamie had been unemployed for
two years, and had struggled to find financial support needed to set up his own
business.

He said: "Business is ticking over excellently. People don't need a tattoo every
day but it's going well, I'm paying my bills and building up my reputation.

"I am paying my start-up loan back over three years and if I didn't have the
loan, I wouldn't be here today."

Entrust's Dan Brophy said: "Jamie is typical of the kind of person we can help.
If you have a good business idea or expansion plan that needs investment, get in
touch with Entrust now." For more information and details of how to apply for an
Entrust fund loan go to http://www.entrust.co.uk/money

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jamie Richardson, left, from On Point with Andrew Reilly from Entrust >

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2013 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Bid to tackle scourge of moneylenders makes a lot of sense

BYLINE: Charlie Weston

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 374 words


Fmoneylenders have been given a free run.

This has allowed them to flourish. Back in 2013, research conducted for the
Central Bank estimated that there were 360,000 customers of moneylenders.

That number has probably risen to 400,000 now.

There is a rich irony in the fact that the moneylender sector is mushrooming in
a country that probably has one of the most extensive networks of credit unions
in the world.

And credit unions should be the natural choice for those unable to get credit
elsewhere.

But the community lenders have been hamstrung in a number of ways.

Half of them have lending restrictions imposed on them by the Central Bank.

Other regulatory rules mean there is a lot of bureaucracy involved in getting a
loan.

Many of those taking out moneylender loans do not have a credit union account,
never mind a bank account.

This has meant that credit unions are unable to compete with moneylenders. This
is despite credit unions charging no more than 12pc for a loan, compared with up
to 188pc charged by moneylenders.

Not before time, there will now be a viable alternative to moneylender loans,
with the credit unions playing a role.

Later this year a new initiative is to be launched to provide hassle-free loans
to low to middle-income families. The new personal microcredit scheme is the
result of work by the Social Finance Foundation, a body funded by the banks and
set up to provide lending to financially excluded groups.

The Department of Social Protection and bodies it funds, such as MABS, are
heavily involved in this initiative.

The idea is that people who normally use moneylenders will instead be able to go
to the credit union for a microloan. There would likely be a one-hour turnaround
for loans, and no credit checks.

need for the loan application to be approved by the credit union's credit
committee.

The average loan size would be (EURO)500, to be paid back over a year.

Interest rates of no more than 12pc would be imposed, a far cry from the 188pc
that licensed moneylenders are allowed to charge.

The big downside is that there would be no one calling to the door offering a
loan, as moneylenders do.

The aim is to have 40,000 microloans issued a year. That will not wipe out
moneylenders, but it will damage their business.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 17, 2012, Thursday

Around the County

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P10

LENGTH: 447 words


Jefferson Business Association seeking photographs

The Jefferson Business Association is seeking photographs of Jefferson-area
businesses for inclusion in a new business brochure.

Photographic prints should be brought to JBA President Jill Oliver-Thornton at
6819 MacCorkle Ave., St. Albans. The deadline is May 30.

For more details, call Oliver-Thornton at 304-727-5549, or send e-mail to
kanawhajba@aol.com

YMCA announces charity golf outing

The YMCA Partners with Youth charity golf outing is from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. May
21 at Edgewood County Club Golf Course.

The cost is $150 for a single registration, $600 for a foursome registration. A
hole-in-one wins a St. Andrews golf vacation.

For more details, visit www.ymcawv.org.

St. Albans announces citywide yard sale

The annual St. Albans citywide yard sale runs from 8 a.m. to dusk on Thursday
and Friday, May 17-18.

KISRA a statewide micro lender for new and existing businesses

As a statewide micro lender, the Dunbar-based Kanawha Institute for Social
Research & Action, Inc. is certified to provide small business loans from $1,000
to $50,000 to new and existing businesses.

The U.S. Small Business Administration's Microloan Program provides assistance
to women, low-income individuals, minority entrepreneurs and other small
businesses which need financial assistance. It is open to all entrepreneurs in
rural and urban areas of West Virginia who generally do not qualify for
conventional loans, or other, larger SBA-guaranteed loans.

The KISRA Business Enterprise Center is at 131 Perkins Ave., Dunbar.

KISRA is also offering NxLevel "Business Plan Basics" Classes (NXLEVEL
Curriculum) for those new and existing businesses interested in learning the
basic foundations to create a business plan. The six evening classes will be
held from 5 to 9 p.m., beginning May 21, at the KISRA Business Enterprise
Center. The cost to attend is $75.

Anyone interested in a Microloan or NxLevel classes should call 768-1300.

Business briefs

Casey Conrad, owner of the former Reflection of Romance Art Glass Gallery, is
having a final closeout of Fenton Glass ware and more than 100 one-of-a-kind
Fenton items from his personal collection from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, May
19, at 251 First Ave. in Nitro. For more information, call 304-419-0847.

Sprout Strategies in Charleston is hosting its inaugural workshop aimed at small
businesses from 2 to 4 p.m. Wednesday, May 23, at the Habitat for Humanity
Homeowners Education Community Room, 815 Court St., Charleston. Attendees will
learn about the principles of marketing, strategies to implement as well as
hands-on activities. Registration is required at sproutstrategywv.com. The cost
is $45 per person.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 23, 2011 Saturday

Lake commissioners accept grant to aid law libraries consortium

BYLINE: John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


July 23--Lake County commissioners have approved a memorandum of understanding
that will allow the county Law Library Resources Board to accept grant funding.

The agreement is between the commissioners on behalf of the law library and the
Statewide Consortium of County Law Library Resources Boards.

Lake County Law Library Resources Board Chairman Kenneth R. Gauntner Jr. told
commissioners Thursday the agreement stems from changes in state law about three
years ago.

County law libraries used to be run by nonprofit organizations, but are now
operated by county government.

A statewide consortium was developed and the state would go out and bid on the
cost of items such as law books, legal publications and other services, Gauntner
said.

"The thought by the state was to get the best price available for all the
libraries across the state," he said.

The state considered hiring a full-time person for the consortium position, but
decided to ask for proposals from other libraries across the state, Gauntner
said. The Lake County Law Library submitted a proposal that was chosen to help
serve the other law libraries across the state.

Angela A. Baldree, the library's director and librarian, will spend about 10 to
40 hours a month in a role serving the consortium, Gauntner said.

"We'll charge $50 an hour for Angela's time, and she will deal with all these
vendors and has experience doing that," he said. "We think she has the time to
do that."

The money would be spent by the county then reimbursed by the state, providing
the county with some extra dollars.

"We're charging it back at a higher rate than what we're currently paying and
that's where we'll get the additional revenue," Gauntner said.

The grant agreement approved by commissioners run through Dec. 31, 2012.

"Then the state may decide they want to do something else, it's an experiment,"
Gauntner said. "But it's the next step in the law library law."

In other action, commissioners approved a $20,000 loan through the county's new
microloan program to Perry Township-based Koolbeanz Coffee House Ltd. The
microloan program implemented through the Lake County Port Authority aims to
provide loans to smaller businesses (fewer than five employees) that have
difficulty securing traditional financing.

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110723-WL-Lake-commissioners-accept-grant-to-aid-law-libraries-consortium-2011
0723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2011 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                           October 20 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: B; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 473  words


Reinsurance aid approved

DURHAM -- Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina, Duke University, RTI
International and other major employers in the Triangle have been approved to
receive assistance with reinsurance as part of the federal health care reform
act.

These employers and others have signed on to the Early Retiree Reinsurance
Program, a part of the Affordable Care Act that provides $5 billion in financial
assistance to employers and unions to help them maintain coverage for early
retirees age 55 and older who are not yet eligible for Medicare.

Applicants who are approved will receive reinsurance for the claims of high-cost
retirees and their families, according to HealthCare.gov, the website providing
information on the health care reform process.

The program ends in 2014, when state health insurance exchanges will be up and
running.

Other North Carolina employers who have already been approved for the program
include: Bank of America Corp., Durham County government, Duke Energy Corp.,
Reichhold Inc., Syngenta Crop Protection Inc., the towns of Carrboro and Chapel
Hill, Wake Forest University, Lorillard Tobacco Co. and N.C. Teachers' and State
Employees' Comprehensive Major Medical Plan.

Credit union gets BofA grant

DURHAM -- Self-Help Credit Union has received a $112,500 grant from Bank of
America to support its small business lending services, the Durham-based credit
union has announced.

The grant funds will be reserved to offset any potential loan losses as required
by the U.S. Small Business Administration Microlending Program and allow
Self-help to access $750,000 in SBA loan capital, which will be used to make
loans of $50,000 or smaller to local businesses.

Self-Help estimates that this grant and the federal funding it secures will
result in about 40 small businesses receiving much needed microloans, leading to
the creation and maintenance of about 160 jobs across the state.

Bank of America is the nation's largest lender to community development
financial institutions such as Self-Help. Federal small business microloan funds
have gone unused in the past due to CDFIs not having the required loan loss
reserves -- about 10 percent of the amount borrowed.

ABC Board to use property

DURHAM -- The Durham County ABC Board is converting a property on Fayetteville
Street into offices for one of its divisions.

The property, at 905 Fayetteville St., was most recently used as a
counter-service facility.

"We have been a part of the community on Fayetteville Street for more than 70
years," said General Manager Randy Mills. "We are hopeful that these updates to
the property will contribute to the area as it grows in the coming years."

The Durham County ABC Board will start renovations on the property this fall,
and expects to move its three-person Law Enforcement division into the building
in early 2011.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 2, 2013 Thursday

SBA advice for small businesses: How to obtain a bank loan

BYLINE: Heide Brandes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 819  words


Business owners have many funding options available to them through banks, other
lending institutions and the U.S. Small Business Administration.

However, wading through the multitude of information can be confusing and
overwhelming for startup entrepreneurs. The good news, however, is that
financing is available.

SBA loan programs The SBA offers a variety of loan programs for specific
purposes, but business owners should research whether or not they qualify.

The SBA offers primary loan programs such as the 7(a) Loan Guarantee Program,
Certified Development Company (CDC) 504 Loans and more, said Cindi Carter,
lender relations specialist for the SBA's Oklahoma District office.

The 7(a) Loan Guaranty Program offers loans of up to $2 million and is open to
businesses for real estate, machinery and equipment, furniture, inventory,
accounts receivable, leasehold improvements and working capital.

The CDC 504 Loan Program provides long-term financing at a fixed rate for small
businesses that need to acquire machinery, equipment for expansion or real
estate.

"Typically, a 504 project also has a loan secured from another lender," Carter
said.

While the 504 project includes a loan secured with a senior lien, the project
also has a loan secured from a CDC, funded by a 100-percent SBA-guaranteed debt,
with a junior lien that covers 40 percent of the total cost. The borrower has a
contribution of at least 10 percent.

"These loans are different from traditional bank loans because they can be
under-collateralized as long as all available collateral is pledged," she said.
"They are also a longer loan term. Small businesses with collateral or equity
shortfall and that need longer terms to help with cash flow would benefit the
most. "

To apply, businesses work with Resource Partners to develop a business plan, a
three-year financial projection and three years of past tax returns for each
owner. Key factors for approval for SBA loans include the ability to support
debt repayment, education and experience in the industry, a current credit
rating, collateral and equity injection by the owner.

"Equity injection is not required for existing businesses in most cases, but for
new businesses, SBA requires 10 percent," Carter said. "But lenders usually like
20 percent - possibly more or less depending on risk. "

The SBA also has a microloan program available, which offers up to $35,000 to
qualified startup or growing small businesses. Loans are made through nonprofit
community-based lenders and the process is handled on the local level.

Bank loans Acquiring a bank loan is another process altogether. Businesses
looking to take a small business loan from a bank must follow a few steps in
order to qualify.

"The first step is to complete a new business plan," said Michael Dillinger of
First American Bank. "This outlines all aspects of the new business such as what
type of business, where it will be located, business organization, owner's
qualifications, and how much capital is needed and for what use as well as other
information. "

The owner's qualifications, past credit history and collateral are also taken
into consideration by the bank's business lending personnel.

"Owners need to research the need for the business as well as what is takes to
be successful and how they will repay the loan if the business fails," Dillinger
said. "This is called the secondary repayment plan. "

The good news is that banks have a wide variety of loans available to small
businesses. These include loans for working capital, real estate purchases,
equipment purchases and more. The banks may also require a SBA guarantee on one
type or all types requested by the applicant.

"Banks do offer businesses revolving lines of credit," Dillinger said.
"Suppliers can also offer a line of credit. "

Small businesses can apply to banks and credit unions for commercial loans, but
often, banks are conservative when loaning to startups.

QUICK SBA LOAN REFERENCE GUIDE: General Small Business Loans: 7(a) The 7(a) Loan
Program, SBA's most common loan program, includes financial help for businesses
with special requirements.

Microloan Program SBA's Microloan Program provides small, short-term loans to
small business concerns and certain types of not-for-profit child-care centers.

Real Estate & Equipment Loans: CDC/504 The CDC/504 Loan Program provides
financing for major fixed assets such as equipment or real estate.

Disaster Loans SBA provides low-interest disaster loans to homeowners, renters,
businesses of all sizes, and most private nonprofit organizations. SBA disaster
loans can be used to repair or replace the following items damaged or destroyed
in a declared disaster: real estate, personal property, machinery and equipment,
and inventory and business assets.

<a href="http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

BDCC, Stroll re-launch business plan competition

BYLINE: By JOSH STILTS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 970 words


Tuesday March 15, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- After a hiatus last year, the Brattleboro Development Credit
Corporation has teamed up with Strolling of the Heifers to re-launch the BDCC's
Business Plan Competition and announced Monday, it has added a new food/farm
category and prizes worth more than $67,000.

From 2006 to 2009, the competition had two categories: existing business and
startups or new business. After listening to several competitors whose business
revolved around farming or food, the organizers decided to create a new category
with them in mind.

"Some of the food competitors said they really enjoyed the competition and
learned a lot but thought that the judges weren't able to compare their business
plans to a manufacturer," said Orly Munzing, executive director of the Strolling
of the Heifers.

"This is a great opportunity to bring out more creativity and innovation to our
economy and make it more fair for farms to compete."

Jeffrey Lewis, BDCC executive director, said partnering with Strolling of the
Heifers will allow greatly increase the available prize money and help jumpstart
more businesses.

"The premise behind the Business Plan Competition is to help raise awareness in
the community about small business and entrepreneurship and to encourage new
business development by helping interested community members develop viable
business plans, gain public attention and earn financial rewards," Lewis said.

Finalists for each category will be announced by April 18 and final business
plans will be due at BDCC no later than 4 p.m. on May 23, he said.

Also new this year, following the final awards presentations on the morning of
June 1, finalists in all categories will have an opportunity to network with
investors, entrepreneurs, bankers, educators and others attending the first
annual Strolling of the Heifers Slow Living Summit, scheduled for June 1-3.

All applicants will be offered access to various sources for free assistance in
formulating and formatting their executive summaries, Lewis said. Finalists will
have additional help in preparing their full business plan, presentations and
elevator pitches.

"Former winners have often said the actual process of writing the executive
summary and business plan are more valuable than the actual cash prize," Lewis
said.

To help applicants, the Vermont Small Business Development Center, led by area
business advisor Debra Boudrieau, will host two free sessions focusing on how to
create an effective executive summary.

Boudrieau said the class is designed to help business owners and entrepreneurs
develop a clear, concise business plan.

"Businesses fail mostly because they just didn't do their homework," she said.
"In a typical business plan, they have to project out three years and have
tangible, realistic numbers to see when and if they need to hire, grow or scrap
the whole project."

Some of the previous winners have and are doing amazingly well, Lewis said.

The competition's first winner, the New England Center for Circus Arts, has
grown exponentially since, but he said it's not always the winners that have the
best success.

"We've seen everything from vast success to real challenges to great ideas with
great energy that are still in the works," he said. "Regardless of the outcome,
the competition creates a relationship so that we can continue to talk to folks
and engage entrepreneurs."

The top prize in the existing business category, not including farm or food
businesses, will be $12,000, second place prize will be $6,000 and the prizes
for up to three runners-up will be $2,000 each. In the new business category,
first place will receive $6,000, second place $3,000 and the prizes for up to
three runners-up will be $1,500 each, Lewis said.

In the Strolling of the Heifers existing farm and food business category, first
place will get $10,000, second place $5,000 and up to three runners-up can
receive $1,500. New farm and food business top prize will be $5,000, second
place will receive $2,500 and up to three runners-up will get $1,000 each, he
said.

For the past three years, Strolling of the Heifers has operated its microloan
fund for New England Farmers in partnership with The Carrot Project, located in
Somerville, Mass.

Munzing said the microloan program will continue with The Carrot Project in
Vermont and Massachusetts with plans to expand it to other states, but Strolling
will make direct grants to encourage innovation and entrepreneurship to local
farms.

The Strolling board redirected a portion of the microloan fund, raised in a
series of annual benefit concerts by artists including Pete Seeger, Paul Winter
and John Sebastian, into the new farm and food entrepreneurship initiative.

In addition to those funds, $20,000 was donated from the John Merck Fund to
support the farm and food portion of the competition and to help introduce
similar efforts in other parts of the state, Munzing said.

To be eligible for the competition, the existing or new business for profit,
must be physically located either in Windham County, Readsboro, Searsburg, or
Weston. Each business must also have an annual gross revenue of $500,000 or less
and any finalist from 2009 is asked to wait until the next competition to apply
again.

"We're looking for ideas that are going to provide jobs and generate revenue,"
Lewis said. "This competition is about new business, not necessarily products.
If we have six people growing cabbage, each is going to have different business
plans and great ideas how to market it."

For more information about eligibility, rules, registration, judging and other
details visit www.brattleborodevelopment.com or to register for the business
plan sessions, call 802-257-7731 and ask to speak with Sandy Otero or Bruce
Gardner.

Josh Stilts can be reached at 802-254-2311 ext. 273, or e-mail
jstilts@reformer.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Crowdfunding project with a difference

BYLINE: MENG JING

LENGTH: 449  words


JD Finance, the finance business unit of China's largest online direct sales
company JD.com Inc, has launched a crowdfunding project to help reduce property.

Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Arguably the sector that has been most affected by the Internet is retail, with
e-commerce changing the way people not only shop, but live. The same is true of
the finance sector.

One of the best examples that straddles both those sectors is JD Finance, the
finance business unit of China's largest online direct sales company JD.com Inc,
which had launched a crowdfunding project to help reduce property.

The organization, founded by the Beijing-based JD.com at the beginning of this
year, has launched an online crowdfunding project with Grameen China, the
Chinese arm of the nonprofit and nongovernment organization Grameen Trust, to
help alleviate poverty in rural China.

The project is allowing JD.com to help raise money to support the development
and operation of Grameen China, which was founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus in 2014.

Grameen China opened its first office in July in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, and
is dedicated to providing microloans, financial education and a support network
for women who live in poverty in rural China, to help them launch and build
their own small businesses.

The online crowdfunding project offers participants various rewards depending on
the amount they donate. Donors can choose to give as high as 26,600 yuan
($4,313) or as low as 2 yuan to be involved in the project.

Only six are offered the chance to become the highest bidders, who will be
invited to participate in a breakfast hosted by Yunus and JD's founder Liu
Qiangdong on Wednesday.

More than 6,500 people have donated to the project since it was put online on
Dec 3 and more than 255,000 yuan had been raised by Tuesday.

The money raised by the program on JD.com's website will be used to establish
Grameen China's ground operations, and future cooperation between the two sides
is likely to use JD.com's platform to provide microloans for entrepreneurs in
rural areas of China, which have been underserved by the traditional banking
system.

Zhan Gao, president of Grameen China, called the partnership with JD.com a
landmark in the development of China's nascent microfinance efforts.

"Grameen's expertise in empowering people in rural areas to lift themselves out
of poverty, combined with JD.com's huge user base and reach into targeted areas,
will provide a tremendous opportunity to make a real difference in people's
lives," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2010 Monday

Microfinance nonprofit Grameen Bank may open Champaign, Ill.-area branch

BYLINE: Christine Des Garennes, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Mar. 1--Could a local branch of Grameen Bank work here in Champaign-Urbana?

Grameen America, the microfinancing organization for the poor, announced it has
entered into discussions with Champaign developer Peter Fox about establishing a
branch of Grameen Bank in East Central Illinois.

Among the first steps would be conducting a study that would take a look at the
population within a two-hour drive of Champaign-Urbana, including the area's
demographics and its recent immigrant population, said Grameen America President
Vidar Jorgensen. A team of Grameen employees, who had a hand in starting the New
York City branch and most recently the Omaha, Neb., branch, will be involved, he
said.

"If it works out, someone from (Grameen's) Bangladesh office will come. It works
better when you bring in someone from Grameen because they've been doing it for
30 years," Jorgensen said.

To get started, a branch typically needs about $2 million in start-up funds and
a total of about $6 million over a five-year period, Jorgensen said.

Grameen's typical loan is about $1,500. Most borrowers are women, particularly
immigrant women.

"All we need is people who need the money," said Grameen's founder Muhammad
Yunus, adding that the public might be surprised at how many people might need
microloans. "You don't see some things unless you look for them," he said.

Yunus, who spoke at the UI on Monday night, founded Grameen Bank in 1983 in
Bangladesh. In recent years, the organization has established microlending
programs in the United States, first in New York City.

Earlier in the day, Yunus attended a grand opening celebration at the Omaha
branch of Grameen Bank.

A branch in San Francisco is planned to open in the coming months.

The communities in which Grameen Banks operate are larger than Champaign-Urbana,
said Fox, "but "there is an interest here in microfinance. We just have to
figure out how to do it." Microfinance was something he had thought about over
the last couple years, Fox said. He also has made several microloans.

"I'm excited about the prospect," of making the concept work locally, he said.

In addition to lending money, the organization also offers savings and
credit-building programs and financial education classes.

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-gazette.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Gazette,
Champaign-Urbana, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100301-CM-MICROFINANCE-GRAMEEN-BANK-20100301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2010 The News-Gazette


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Crowdfunding project with a difference

BYLINE: Meng Jing

LENGTH: 462  words


Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Arguably the sector that has been most affected by the Internet is retail, with
e-commerce changing the way people not only shop, but live. The same is true of
the finance sector.

One of the best examples that straddles both those sectors is JD Finance, the
finance business unit of China's largest online direct sales company JD.com Inc,
which had launched a crowdfunding project to help reduce property.

The organization, founded by the Beijing-based JD.com at the beginning of this
year, has launched an online crowdfunding project with Grameen China, the
Chinese arm of the nonprofit and nongovernment organization Grameen Trust, to
help alleviate poverty in rural China.

The project is allowing JD.com to help raise money to support the development
and operation of Grameen China, which was founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus in 2014.

Grameen China opened its first office in July in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, and
is dedicated to providing microloans, financial education and a support network
for women who live in poverty in rural China, to help them launch and build
their own small businesses.

The online crowdfunding project offers participants various rewards depending on
the amount they donate. Donors can choose to give as high as 26,600 yuan
($4,313) or as low as 2 yuan to be involved in the project.

Only six are offered the chance to become the highest bidders, who will be
invited to participate in a breakfast hosted by Yunus and JD's founder Liu
Qiangdong on Wednesday.

More than 6,500 people have donated to the project since it was put online on
Dec 3 and more than 255,000 yuan had been raised by Tuesday.

The money raised by the program on JD.com's website will be used to establish
Grameen China's ground operations, and future cooperation between the two sides
is likely to use JD.com's platform to provide microloans for entrepreneurs in
rural areas of China, which have been underserved by the traditional banking
system.

Zhan Gao, president of Grameen China, called the partnership with JD.com a
landmark in the development of China's nascent microfinance efforts.

"Grameen's expertise in empowering people in rural areas to lift themselves out
of poverty, combined with JD.com's huge user base and reach into targeted areas,
will provide a tremendous opportunity to make a real difference in people's
lives," he said.

mengjing@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/17/2014 page18)

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Crowdfunding project with a difference

BYLINE: Meng Jing

LENGTH: 462  words


Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Arguably the sector that has been most affected by the Internet is retail, with
e-commerce changing the way people not only shop, but live. The same is true of
the finance sector.

One of the best examples that straddles both those sectors is JD Finance, the
finance business unit of China's largest online direct sales company JD.com Inc,
which had launched a crowdfunding project to help reduce property.

The organization, founded by the Beijing-based JD.com at the beginning of this
year, has launched an online crowdfunding project with Grameen China, the
Chinese arm of the nonprofit and nongovernment organization Grameen Trust, to
help alleviate poverty in rural China.

The project is allowing JD.com to help raise money to support the development
and operation of Grameen China, which was founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus in 2014.

Grameen China opened its first office in July in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, and
is dedicated to providing microloans, financial education and a support network
for women who live in poverty in rural China, to help them launch and build
their own small businesses.

The online crowdfunding project offers participants various rewards depending on
the amount they donate. Donors can choose to give as high as 26,600 yuan
($4,313) or as low as 2 yuan to be involved in the project.

Only six are offered the chance to become the highest bidders, who will be
invited to participate in a breakfast hosted by Yunus and JD's founder Liu
Qiangdong on Wednesday.

More than 6,500 people have donated to the project since it was put online on
Dec 3 and more than 255,000 yuan had been raised by Tuesday.

The money raised by the program on JD.com's website will be used to establish
Grameen China's ground operations, and future cooperation between the two sides
is likely to use JD.com's platform to provide microloans for entrepreneurs in
rural areas of China, which have been underserved by the traditional banking
system.

Zhan Gao, president of Grameen China, called the partnership with JD.com a
landmark in the development of China's nascent microfinance efforts.

"Grameen's expertise in empowering people in rural areas to lift themselves out
of poverty, combined with JD.com's huge user base and reach into targeted areas,
will provide a tremendous opportunity to make a real difference in people's
lives," he said.

mengjing@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/17/2014 page18)

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Crowdfunding project with a difference

BYLINE: Meng Jing

LENGTH: 462  words


Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Every modern business idea is having to work hard to use the Internet to grow,
but for some traditional sectors, adopting new technology can be confusing and
potentially disruptive.

Arguably the sector that has been most affected by the Internet is retail, with
e-commerce changing the way people not only shop, but live. The same is true of
the finance sector.

One of the best examples that straddles both those sectors is JD Finance, the
finance business unit of China's largest online direct sales company JD.com Inc,
which had launched a crowdfunding project to help reduce property.

The organization, founded by the Beijing-based JD.com at the beginning of this
year, has launched an online crowdfunding project with Grameen China, the
Chinese arm of the nonprofit and nongovernment organization Grameen Trust, to
help alleviate poverty in rural China.

The project is allowing JD.com to help raise money to support the development
and operation of Grameen China, which was founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus in 2014.

Grameen China opened its first office in July in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, and
is dedicated to providing microloans, financial education and a support network
for women who live in poverty in rural China, to help them launch and build
their own small businesses.

The online crowdfunding project offers participants various rewards depending on
the amount they donate. Donors can choose to give as high as 26,600 yuan
($4,313) or as low as 2 yuan to be involved in the project.

Only six are offered the chance to become the highest bidders, who will be
invited to participate in a breakfast hosted by Yunus and JD's founder Liu
Qiangdong on Wednesday.

More than 6,500 people have donated to the project since it was put online on
Dec 3 and more than 255,000 yuan had been raised by Tuesday.

The money raised by the program on JD.com's website will be used to establish
Grameen China's ground operations, and future cooperation between the two sides
is likely to use JD.com's platform to provide microloans for entrepreneurs in
rural areas of China, which have been underserved by the traditional banking
system.

Zhan Gao, president of Grameen China, called the partnership with JD.com a
landmark in the development of China's nascent microfinance efforts.

"Grameen's expertise in empowering people in rural areas to lift themselves out
of poverty, combined with JD.com's huge user base and reach into targeted areas,
will provide a tremendous opportunity to make a real difference in people's
lives," he said.

mengjing@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/17/2014 page18)

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday

SAP and PlaNet Finance Hit Critical Milestones for Social Sustainability in
Ghana Shea Value Chain Initiative

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 19 -- Using education, microfinance and information technology,
SAP AG (NYSE: SAP) and PlaNet Finance joined forces last year to help improve
the incomes and living conditions for rural Ghanaian women engaged in the shea
nut harvesting and shea butter business. Results from a recent Stanford
University case study that monitored program performance to date found that many
of the program targets set for this year have been met. Additionally, the shea
nut program has been bolstered by the participation of Olam International, a
global supply chain leader of agricultural products and food ingredients that
picked up the first batch of nuts in November. Under terms of an agreement, Olam
will become a major buyer of the shea nuts in Ghana to meet its mandate of
sourcing high-quality and sustainably sourced foods.

"There is an increased demand in the global markets for reliably high-quality
products and, at the same time, a request for traceability along the entire
supply chain," said Mritunjay Das, manager, Nuts, Olam Ghana. "We have begun
picking up the first nuts directly from the women, and are very pleased that we
can achieve both market requirements through this initiative."

The Stanford University case study, titled "The Shea Value Chain Reinforcement
Initiative, by SAP, PlaNet Finance, Grameen Ghana and Maata-N-Tudu" [PDF], found
that the program successfully organized 1,500 women - the first half of the
3,000 targeted - into groups and a registered network, and then trained them on
business skills, quality shea nut and butter processing. The case study also
unveiled an increase of the women's income through their shea nut activities
between 59 percent and 82 percent. Perhaps most important, "intermediate
outcomes," extending beyond near-term goals mentioned above, include:

* Production of significantly improved quality of nuts and butter

* A stronger sense of belonging to a unit, with the ability to serve the market
effectively

* Utilization of group savings accounts, which have helped the women pay for
one-time expenses such as weddings, funerals and other events

* Learning business management practices that can be applied to other
income-generating activities, such as farming

Microfinancing has proven to be an effective tool to break out of extreme
poverty. Maata-N-Tudu and Grameen Ghana are microfinance institutions that serve
as local partners to facilitate key program activities in the field.

"Together we have identified microloan products that will allow the women to
build up sustainable business models using best-practices and equipment,"
explained Ivana Damjanov, deputy director of Operations at PlaNet Finance.

Software as an Enabler of Socially Sustainable Value Chains

SAP has contributed with its core expertise to support the shea nut program.
"Rural market connection" is a software package used to manage and process
orders and allow buyers to interact directly with rural women while creating
increased traceability and transparency along the value chain. The software is
in use by the partner microfinance institutions. Additionally, the women will
receive information from the system directly to their cell phones via SMS. "
Microloan management" is a software package developed after PlaNet Finance
indentified a need for microfinance organizations to have more timely
information about their loan portfolios. The software has been installed in
partner microfinance institutions and is being piloted by rural loan officers
with promising results. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Small Loans Can Have Big Impact;
Assets Lancaster Lending Manager Talks About Microloans, More Assets Lancaster
Lending Circles

BYLINE: Chad Umble

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 866  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


CUMBLE@LNPNEWS.COM

During her 10 years in the banking industry, Deb Flores learned what it takes to
get a small business loan.

And she also knows what often prevents small businesses from getting the funding
they need to grow.

In her previous job as a credit union branch manager, the 38-year-old said she
often had to turn away entrepreneurs who didn't have a good credit score, the
required accounting records or enough years in business.

But in her new job as lending manager at ASSETS Lancaster, Flores is rolling out
the welcome mat for the kind of borrowers she previously had to turn away.

"We're basically saying, "Hey, we're here. We can lend you money, we're willing
to take a risk on you,'" Flores said.

In her new position, Flores is in charge of publicizing and growing the
microloan program, which is modeled after successful international programs.

Lancaster-based ASSETS wrapped up its first yearlong lending circle in March.
The lending circle consisted of nine small business owners who got one-year
loans for $1,200 or $3,600 and then meet monthly for technical support and
networking.

Graduates of that first lending circle are eligible for a loan of up to $5,000
in a new lending circle set to begin in June.

Meanwhile, ASSETS, as it looks to expand the program, is continuing to meet with
borrowers who were part of a lending circle that began in December.

Flores talked about microlending, ASSETS and her new job during a recent
interview in her office.

What is microlending?

It is a new concept (in Lancaster), but it's been done for many years.

It was in the early 1970s when Muhammad Yunus, an economics professor in
Bangladesh, realized that traditional lending models weren't working in his
country. Basically only the rich had access to capital.

Yunus came up with the concept of microlending. He implemented it, and it became
so large that he eventually founded his own bank, Grameen Bank, which now lends
millions of dollars to people.

What are the loan amounts in the ASSETS program?

For someone who is going through the circle for the first time, typically the
loan is $1,200.

Once that loan is paid off and he or she decides to do it again, the person has
access for up to $5,000.

It is a steppingstone so that once the borrower needs that larger capital, he or
she is ready to go to the traditional banks and isn't considered a risky
borrower anymore.

The target of the loans

ASSETS' focus is to serve the underrepresented populations in our community.

Those include people who have no collateral to offer, people who have poor
credit history, people who have a language barrier, who lack business skills or
are members of groups categorized as minorities, such as women,
African-Americans and Latinos.

Those are the people that we want to serve, particularly in south Lancaster
city, which has a higher poverty rate than in the rest of the city.

Why would business owners need to get a loan from ASSETS?

We had a call from a gentleman who had tried to get a loan and was declined
because of a poor credit history. This gentleman had a trucking business on the
side and hadn't done it for less than a year. The credit union actually referred
him to ASSETS.

Those are the type of scenarios we're looking for: people who have been declined
by traditional banks because they have poor credit history, their business is
too young or they lack financial statements.

What does it mean to become a part of the lending circle?

It is them and potentially 10 other people who are also in the same situation.
They're all business owners, so they get to know each other. They get to network
and share their experience and create this bond.

What happens at the lending circle's monthly meetings?

We're offering business skills and technical assistance. The group decides what
they want that curriculum to look like.

It could be saving for retirement or creating financial statements. It could be
social media, marketing or accounting basics. Sometimes we facilitate ourselves
and sometimes we bring someone in.

We always cover understanding your credit score, because that is often a big
reason they are in the group.

Can a small loan really help to grow someone's business?

Monetarily, there's not a whole lot you can do with $1,200. However, it's
everything that comes with that. It's preparing people to get access to more
capital, which is where you have the potential to truly make a difference.

But without having gone through the ASSETS program, it would be very difficult
to almost impossible to get that.

Could someone keep getting microloans from ASSETS?

We don't want ASSETS to be their main bank. The idea is that once they go
through that second round, they're ready to step out and go to a traditional
institution. We don't want them in and out of circles.

What is one of your goals for the program?

I wish I knew about this program when I was a branch manager because I can't
tell you how many people were turned away and I didn't know where to refer them.

So that's my goal. I want managers and people making those decisions to
understand there are other alternatives out there, like ASSETS.

Loan amounts:

n Round one: $1,200 or $3,600

n Round two: up to $5,000

Loan term:

n 1 year

Interest rate:

n 9 percent

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rstaff Deb Flores Is The New Lending Manager At Assets Lancaster. She
Will Be Handling The Organization's Microlending Program. Richard Hertzle

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Huntington Bank in Partnership With MEDC Commits $25 Million to Launch Michigan
Microlending Program

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: DETROIT


Huntington Bank (NASDAQ: HBAN; www.huntington.com) today announced a unique
microlending partnership with the state of Michigan and the Michigan Economic
Development Corporation (MEDC). Thought to be the first program of its kind and
a prototype for the nation, the Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative is backed
by a Huntington statewide commitment of $25 million - including $5 million in
support of Detroit small business lending starting immediately. Through the
Initiative, MEDC-backing will make possible as much as $250 million in new total
statewide lending by engaging other banks operating in Michigan that follow
Huntington's funding commitment in support of small business job growth.

Huntington is leading the Initiative in conjunction with MEDC as part of its
commitment to invest in Michigan and help the Midwest economic recovery by
supporting new job creation at the small business level to help reduce un- and
under-employment. Huntington's $25 million commitment will be distributed
through lines of credit provided to community microlenders participating in the
Initiative. The MEDC will provide initial credit reserves in support of the
program, enabling up to $225 million in further bank partner funding for small
business microloans. It is a new, repeatable model for microlending that other
states can follow.

The program launched today in Detroit via community microlending partner Detroit
Development Fund (DDF). It will target small business owners in need of
atypically low, "micro" loan infusions beyond the scope of what traditional bank
underwriting can finance.

The goal of attracting $250 million in Michigan microlending represents the
largest microlending program ever established in the state, and is thought to be
by far the largest-ever microlending effort in the country. According to the
U.S. Microenterprise Census, total active microloans nationwide equaled $132.8
million in 2010, the latest industry self-reported data available as compiled by
FIELD at the Aspen Institute.

Huntington Michigan executives Jim Dunlap and Mike Fezzey joined Gov. Rick
Snyder today to announce the Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative from Detroit
at E & S Uniforms and Apparel - a small business that recently launched in the
city with support from microlending through the Detroit Development Fund and
other community microlending sources.

"Huntington approached MEDC with the concept of a repeatable microlending
program structure to help small businesses grow and hire additional employees
within Michigan communities," said Dunlap, regional and commercial banking
director. "The program represents a unique next phase of our partnership with
the state toward greater growth and prosperity. It is also an important first
step toward filling a funding gap for promising small businesses throughout
Michigan, for hard-working entrepreneurs who would otherwise have difficulty
getting the specialized lending support they need."

"This kind of innovative effort and collaboration led by Huntington Bank and the
Michigan Economic Development Corporation will help build a stronger Michigan
and generate job growth by supporting small businesses and our state's budding
entrepreneurs," Snyder said. "I am confident that early success in Detroit will
quickly generate momentum in this initiative that activates further community
partnerships and economic activity around the state."

"Increased lending availability for small business opportunities that might
otherwise go unfulfilled will significantly add to our toolkit to grow
Michigan's economy," MEDC President and CEO Michael A. Finney said. "This
innovative public-private partnership demonstrates a steadfast commitment to our
common goal of helping Michigan's small businesses move forward and grow and, in
turn, bring jobs and investment to our state."


"Detroit is an ideal place to launch our new partnership with Michigan to help
maximize neighborhood-by-neighborhood investment in the city," said Fezzey,
Huntington's East Michigan president, praising Detroit redevelopment successes
such as the Midtown and Gateway projects, where Huntington is working to add new
branches. "Huntington welcomes other banks to become involved as lending pool
funders in Detroit and join us in the startup of additional Pure Michigan Micro
Lending programs in other communities."

"Huntington is looking forward to rapidly pursuing further local partnerships
under the Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative in our key markets," said John
Irwin, Huntington's West Michigan president. "We envision further partnerships
bringing together community stakeholder organizations and other banks to realize
a truly statewide impact."

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday

Schwab Unit Microfinance Program Allows Double Dip

BYLINE: Matt Ackermann

SECTION: WEALTH MANAGEMENT; Pg. 7 Vol. 173 No. 190

LENGTH: 589  words


Anew microfinance loan program from Schwab Charitable allows investors to
double-dip their charitable giving assets.

The San Francisco company,the charitable giving arm of Charles Schwab Corp.,
said in launchingits microfinance guarantee program last weekthat itthat lets
donors set aside a portion of their charitable gift accounts to guarantee
microfinance loans to "the world's poorest entrepreneurs to start, maintain or
expand small businesses."

"For our investors, it is a lot like cosigning a loan," Kim Wright-Violich, the
president of Schwab Charitable, said in an interview. "But instead of cosigning
for your children, you are presenting an opportunity in another global economy."

Microfinance enables entrepreneurs to expand a line of credit or establish
credit and negotiate better interest rates.

Schwab Charitable says its microfinance programdiffers from others in allowing
donors to maximize their giving by putting donated funds to use as a
microfinance guarantee while they are still held in their charitable gift
accounts and invested for growth and future granting. It creates a diversified
portfolio of opportunities in developing economies rather than focusing on a
single deal, Ms. Wright-Violich said.

"They have secured a tax deduction by making a gift to a donor-advised fund and
now they can double their charitable impact by putting the funds to use once as
a microfinance guarantee and then a second time as a grant to a completely
different cause," she said.

The Schwab guarantee program is expected to increase the availability and reduce
the costs of microfinance loans in over 25 developing countries. It will be
rolled out in phases depending on response.

The first phase will begin with an estimated $20 million to $30 million in
guarantees and could help to generate well over 100,000 microloans, the company
said. The program is a collaboration with the Grameen Foundation microfinance
network and will evolve to include Developing World Markets, a lender to
microfinance institutions, Schwab Charitable said.

The program, which has been under development for seven months, is optional and
available only to Schwab Charitable donors.

Donors who agree to participate will recommend that up to 10% of their
charitable gift accounts be set aside for a period of 24 to36 months to help
guarantee microfinance loans.

"Any funds used to guarantee microloans will stay in their accounts will
continue to be invested for the entire period and will be applied to the
guarantee only if the microfinance program has losses in excess of reserves,"
the company said.

"In addition," it said, "Schwab Charitable will report back to participating
donors on the social and economic impact that these microfinance loans provide
to their various recipients."

Last yearSchwab Charitable made charitable gift accounts accessible to a broader
group of donors by lowering the minimum initial contribution from $10,000 to
$5,000 and the minimum grant size from $250 to $100.

Since its founding in September 1999, Schwab Charitable has raised over $3
billion and has facilitated more than $1 billion of grants to charity.

Last year the fund received more than $1 billion in donations.

"We have been successful because we have been innovative," Ms. Wright-Violich
said. "We are interested in finding new ways to make giving easier, simpler, and
more effective."

She said Schwab Charitable now wants to focus on enhancing its capabilities,
including its new microfinance program, to bring charitable giving to a wider
audience of consumers.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 10, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Agency loans help new, urban farmers

BYLINE: Esther Robards-Forbes American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1122 words


Brenton Johnson left a government engineering job five years ago to become an
organic farmer in East Austin.

While that sounds like the fantasy of many urbanites, it's becoming the reality
for a new generation of younger farmers. Some are turning to agriculture as a
new career. Others are returning to farming roots that go back for generations.

There are a few things helping support the recent uptick in new and young
farmers in Central Texas.

First, Austin has a food culture that is obsessed with locally grown eatables,
particularly organic and sustainably raised items.

Second, prices for livestock and commodities such as corn and cotton have hit
record highs in the past few years, making agricultural ventures more
attractive.

And third, the Farm Service Agency, a quiet federal office that doesn't get a
lot of attention, has been loaning millions of dollars, with $12.6 million this
year alone, to farmers and ranchers in Central Texas. The number of farmers
receiving such loans has more than quadruped in the past 10 years.

The boom in lending is largely attributable to the agency's new microloan
program and the diversity of agriculture in the Central Texas area, said Terri
Treviño, Farm Service Agency farm loan manager for Central Texas. These loans of
$35,000 or less are allowing small-scale operators to enter agriculture. A
full-scale farm loan is up to $300,000 for land and $300,000 for equipment and
operating expenses, she said.

Johnson says taking up farming was a risky decision, but one of the best he's
ever made.

"Farmers in Austin are rock stars," Johnson said. "People have so much
appreciation for where their food comes from."

Out of the backyard

Johnson, 40, started his organic vegetable farm in his East Austin backyard in
2002. He had a few extra veggies and hauled them to a farmers market.

"They asked me how much for the broccoli and the kale, and I figured out I
didn't know everything because I had no idea what to charge," he said. "It was
basically a hobby that got out of control."

He asked those first customers to pay what they thought was fair. That first day
at the market, he brought home about $100. Last week at market, his produce
brought in $24,000.

When he outgrew his backyard plot, Johnson was able to buy 20 acres in East
Austin and 180 acres east of town. His company, Johnson's Backyard Garden, has
expanded and now participates in a community supported agriculture model that
sends locally grown produce to the homes of residents who pay for the service.
It has 2,000 members. Johnson's Backyard Garden also sells to 200 restaurants in
the Austin area and grocery stores like

H-E-B and Whole Foods. The company, which expects to have about $4.5 million in
sales this year, recently expanded to Dallas.

"We didn't have a grand plan at all to do this, but just by sheer luck we ended
up in the best place in the whole country to be in the business we're in," said
Johnson, who lives in a double-wide mobile home on one of his farms. "Some of
the best farmers markets in the country are here as well as the support for
local food in the community."

Johnson said the total amount he borrowed from the Farm Service Agency grew to
$1 million over the past few years. He's managed to pay down $650,000.

So far this year, the Farm Service Agency has loaned $12.6 million in Central
Texas, Treviño said. The money is used to buy land and equipment and to cover
operating expenses. That's up from $9.5 million loaned in 2010. Ten years ago,
her office loaned out just $1.8 million.

The agency isn't a typical lender. It offers interest rates between 1.25 percent
for the microloans and 3.37 percent to buy land for those unable to get
conventional credit. Its loan managers work with farmers and ranchers to develop
a business plan and a feasibility study before loans are granted. Agency loans
have a 98 percent repayment rate, Treviño said.

Some of the funds are targeted directly at those with less than 10 years of
experience in agriculture. Other funds are aimed at minority groups in
agriculture, such as women.

The rise of smaller farms is also creating opportunities for other kinds of
agricultural jobs.

Raul Vergara and his son-in-law, Mark Bradley, are professional beekeepers who
have placed 85 hives on organic farms within 35 miles of Austin. They keep the
bees on the farms for free, and farmers get increased pollination and bigger
yields.

With help from a Farm Service Agency microloan, Bradley and Vergara launched the
Austin Honey Co. last year. They sell honey, whipped honey spreads and honey lip
balm at local farmers markets. They are on track to reach 100 hives or more this
year and are making a living, they said. They also offer beekeeping classes.

"Maybe we'll be an example to people in other parts of Texas," said Bradley, who
left a job as a commercial landscaper to become a full-time beekeeper. "Organic
production needs pollination."

The next generation

Getting younger people and new farmers and ranchers involved in agriculture is
necessary if America wants to keep feeding itself, said Mark Welch of the Texas
A&M AgriLife Extension Service. The average age of the American farmer was about
57 when data was last collected in 2007, he said. The average age has been on
the rise for decades, but, for the first time, he has hope that it will go down.

"As our farmers get older, who is going to farm the land?" Welch said. "If all
of these new folks make a small contribution, it creates a network of providing
for the needs of their neighbors."

Johnson says there are a lot of potential farm plots, even in urban areas, that
are going unplanted because there are many barriers to entering agriculture. He
doesn't think his agricultural engineering degree from Auburn University in
Alabama prepared him to be an organic farmer. Farmers have to understand
everything from soil science to pest management.

"I didn't have a clear pathway to get into farming, and I went to an
agricultural school," Johnson said. "I would love to see our community be a lot
less dependent on food being trucked in from other places, and I don't see any
reason why we shouldn't grow more of our own food. We have a good climate and
good soils."

Johnson is in the process of launching a nonprofit, Farmshare Austin, that will
offer six-month paid courses on his organic farms where students can learn
production techniques. He hopes that a new generation will consider farming as a
career. Classes are planned for spring 2014.

"It's very encouraging to see young people take an interest in farming and
ranching," Treviño said. "Farmers and ranchers provide food and fiber that feeds
and clothes the world and provide jobs to improve the rural economy."

Contact Esther Robards-Forbes at 512-392-8750.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Dave Valle plays on a new field: microloans that help to end poverty;
As a pro baseball player in the Dominican Republic Dave Valle saw poverty up
close. Now his microloans are helping to end it.

BYLINE: Gail Wood Contributor

SECTION: World

LENGTH: 1406 words


Because he was a professional baseball player, Dave Valle figured the eight boys
crowding around him after a winter league game in the Dominican Republic years
ago just wanted his autograph.

He was wrong.

"They were hungry," Mr. Valle says.

The boys, most of them shirtless and shoeless, were begging for food, not
autographs. Wanting to help, Valle asked a woman selling grilled chicken on a
street corner outside the wooden-bleacher ballpark in Santo Domingo to cook up
everything she had. It cost him $5.

"We met an immediate need," Valle says. "But we didn't really come up with any
long-term solution. In four hours, they were going to be hungry again."

It was 1985 and Valle, who at the time was a minor-league catcher in the Seattle
Mariners farm system making $9,000 a year, promised himself that one day he'd
return to Santo Domingo and help more.

He's kept his promise. Today, Valle is in the business of changing lives.

In 1995, he founded Esperanza International, a microfinance outreach effort that
gives small loans to the poorest of the poor in the Dominican Republic and
Haiti, which occupies the other half of the Caribbean island of Hispaniola. Over
the past 18 years, Esperanza has provided $38 million in loans, helping
thousands of families put food on the table and break the cycle of poverty.

"When I think of selfless people, I think of Dave and his wife, Vicky," says
Kayla Villnow, once a volunteer with Esperanza and now a full-time fundraiser
and coordinator with the foundation. "They've built an organization that's
served hundreds of thousands of people. It's amazing."

Esperanza, which is Spanish for "hope," gives loans averaging $220 to people
living in poverty. They use the money to start a small cottage business such as
selling food, tailoring clothes, or making crafts to sell on a street corner.
Over the years Esperanza has helped create 69,840 businesses and it has an
active client list of 16,462.

"I have watched Esperanza grow and have seen lives change because of the
services Esperanza offers," says Sandra Stull, who began volunteering for
Esperanza in 1998. "Esperanza is amazing."

Esperanza doesn't give money to the needy; the money must all be repaid - with
interest. The foundation offers a hand up, not a handout.

"We've learned that when you give something away for free," it's not really held
in high regard, says Valle, whose 12-year professional baseball career ended in
1996 with the Texas Rangers. "They look at the loan as a lifeline."

Amazingly, while the loans are given to people who have been surviving on an
average of $2 a day, 98 percent of the loans are paid back. That money is then
loaned again. "It's the gift that keeps on giving," Valle says.

Eighty-seven percent of the loans go to women. "Women are better credit risks,"
Valle says. "They're also the ones who take care of the children. Or the
grandmas."

As a support, Esperanza starts business groups ranging in size from 20 to 30
people who share the same challenge - poverty. These groups act as a kind of
bank. Within each group the borrowers elect a president, a treasurer, and a
secretary. Every two weeks, they come together to make their loan payments,
share updates, and give support.

"Whoever is unable to pay on their loan, the rest of the group has to pay it,"
Valle says.

The group members take pride in being able to meet those payments despite their
poverty.

"When you don't have much materially, the one thing you do have is your name and
your reputation," Valle says. "That's really a motivating force to work and to
repay their loan."

This semimonthly "stockholders' meeting" begins with a prayer of thanks and is
followed by a Bible study session.

Esperanza has a staff of 120 based in 12 offices throughout the Dominican
Republic. Valle, who also has worked as a broadcaster for Seattle Mariners
games, makes seven to 12 trips a year to the country. He's looked into the face
of poverty, and he's seen the power of Esperanza.

"There's been a lot of talk about micro-finance over the years," Valle says. "Is
it really successful? And I can tell you firsthand that it is. People do break
out of the cycle of poverty."

Valle has seen Esperanza transform lives. For example, Rosa Borsi used to sell
trinkets in the street. After getting a loan from Esperanza, she opened a small
grocery store.

Milan Tapia was a seamstress who earned $100 a month working six days a week at
a local factory. With a marketable skill - sewing - Ms. Tapia was able to quit
her job, buy a sewing machine using a loan from Esperanza, and begin her own
sewing business, selling clothes at a flea market.

"All of a sudden, her business was starting to thrive," Valle says.

With her increased earnings, Tapia took in an 8-year-old boy off the streets and
gave him a home. Because he couldn't read or write, she started to teach him.
The neighbors heard that Tapia was teaching and brought their children.
Eventually, Tapia rented a small building and began teaching two classes, one in
the morning and one in the afternoon. She did her seamstress work at night.

Tapia's school grew into 400 students, and she now employs 17 people, which
includes teachers, janitors, and cooks.

Valle is duplicating Tapia's program, and women are opening schools throughout
the island nation, meeting a huge need since there isn't much of a public school
system. The Dominican Republic ranks 162 out of 173 countries in the world in
the percentage of GDP spent on public education, according to the CIA's World
Factbook.

"The reality is, even someone who is living on a dollar a day will pay for the
education of their child," Valle says. "They know the importance of education."

Esperanza's loans to start schools range from $1,500 to $2,000. "It's been an
incredibly successful program for us," Valle says. "It's the next step in
breaking that poverty cycle by providing education for kids."

As Valle and his wife have continued to connect with communities in the
Dominican Republic over the years, Esperanza has grown into a broader services
organization, helping out on issues such as health care, food, water quality,
and housing. Each year, it arranges for some 200 dentists to make volunteer
trips from the United States to the Dominican Republic to offer free dental
care. Esperanza has also opened health-care clinics across the island.

"We've seen what Esperanza can do and how it can change their lives," says Vicky
Valle. "I get so much more out of it than what I could ever give these women."

Esperanza recently partnered with Dominican churches to start a
water-purification program. Esperanza invests as much as $35,000 to build a
water-purification system, then teaches a church how to run it. The church sells
water for about half the going price.

Esperanza has started 29 water-purification programs across the island.

"Now the church has this income stream, and they're able to do all these other
ministries of compassion in their communities," Valle says. "It's an amazing
tool."

Esperanza's goal is to help the neediest of the needy. "People ask us how do we
figure who receives a loan," Valle says. "It's the opposite of the way a
commercial bank does it. The commercial bank says you need collateral. With us,
the less you have, the more you qualify. The more you have, the less you
qualify."

Valle says he's amazed at how Esperanza has grown since he and his wife shared
the idea 28 years ago. "It's gone beyond my wildest dreams," he says. "It's
better than hitting a home run in front of 55,000 people."

· To learn more, visit http://esperanza.org.

Helping the Dominican Republic or through microloans:

UniversalGiving (www.universalgiving.org) helps people give to and volunteer for
top-performing charitable organizations worldwide. Projects are vetted by
Universal Giving; 100 percent of each donation goes directly to the listed
cause.

Here are three groups selected by UniversalGiving that help in the Dominican
Republic or through microloans:

· Un Techo para mi País works to improve the quality of life of impoverished
families in Latin America. Project: Provide one microloan for an entrepreneur in
Latin America.

· Develop Africa Inc. encourages development through capacity building and
transformational education. Project: Empower small businesses by offering a
"hand up."

· Yspaniola Inc. empowers needy communities of Dominicans and Haitians living in
the Dominican Republic. Project: Lead a service-learning trip to the Dominican
Republic.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                  May 25, 2016

'Time for New Approach to Access Electricity'

LENGTH: 666 words


The year 2030 is the target year to achieve newly agreed post-2015 UN
Sustainable Development Goal of universal access to energy. According to a
report from PwC, Electricity beyond the grid: accelerating access to sustainable
power for all, says a new approach is needed that better recognises the part
off-grid technology can play.John Gibbs, Africa Deals Power & Utility Lead, PwC,
said: "For the millions of people who do not currently have access to
electricity, the old assumption that they will have to wait for grid extensions
is being turned on its head by new technological possibilities. About 634
million people without electricity are in Africa.

"Faster progress is needed, and we believe it can be achieved if national energy
policies adopt a more comprehensive approach to energy access, embracing the new
starting points for energy provided by standalone renewable technology and
mini-grids."

Current electrification strategies tend to focus on national grid extension
plans. Instead, Georg Baecker, senior manager and energy policy and regulation
expert at PwC said: "Policymakers need to embrace the new renewable off-grid
technologies and innovative business models.

"The combination of centralised top-down grid extension with decentralised
demand-driven bottom-up strategies, in the form of mini grids and especially
standalone solutions, will speed up the increase in electrification levels."

The report foresees a major transformation of the electricity sector in the
period ahead.

Angeli Hoekstra, Power and utility specialist for PwC Africa, pointed out that
"'All or nothing' approaches that focus primarily on the national grid are
increasingly out of step to what is now possible in power technology.

"Advances in technology are rapidly changing the options available beyond the
grid. Falling solar technology costs have spurred the growth of standalone home
systems and are changing the economics of mini-grid systems.

"Battery storage technology is fast evolving to the point where it is going to
play a significant role in utility-scale solar power storage and is beginning to
feature in smaller-scale off-grid solutions.

"Together with access to mobile technology and mobile payment systems for
microloans, a new era has arrived for beyond the grid electrification."

The PwC report sets out five recommendations for accelerating the increase of
electrification including Developing an integrated energy access plan and map --
so that everyone can plan with more certainty for either off-grid or grid
extension solutions.

It also suggests creation of an enabling environment for off-grid development -
including clearer criteria for mini-grid development, support for skills and
training and more supportive regulation to allow private players to unlock the
off-grid market potential.

Further, it recognises the value of and promote the growth of mobile
infrastructure, microloans and payment solutions in supporting energy access --
mobile infrastructure is proving crucial in the take-up of standalone home
systems, giving providers a low-cost channel for customer relations and an
ability to automatically manage non-payment. In addition, the report proposes
establishing an off-grid innovation and development fund -- a highly visible
development and innovation fund can play an important part in spurring off-grid
growth in each country and high-level energy access champion that can drive
results -- to cut through bottlenecks and monitor results.

Based on the technological advances in off-grid systems and battery storage, a
decrease in their prices and an increase in energy efficient appliances,
Hoekstra also said there will be a real future threat for the current
established integrated Power Utilities, especially the ones without a reliable
supply of electricity.

They will need to adapt their business models or due to an increase in embedded
generation and subsequent customers going off-grid, they will face a major
challenge ahead in their future sustainability.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applicants for Funds to Assist Rural Microentrepreneurs

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today the availability of loan and
grant funds to support rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

"By supporting very small business enterprises through the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA has been able to direct assistance to
small firms that otherwise might not be able to obtain credit," said Vilsack.
"This program has shown that even a modest investment of federal dollars can
have a huge impact for the local economy in small towns across rural America."

Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on strengthening the rural
economy.

USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) was established under
the 2008 Farm Bill to support the development and ongoing success of rural
microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, which are defined as rural businesses
with 10 or fewer employees. About $12.2 million will be provided to eligible
applicants this year. Under the program, USDA may provide loans of up to
$500,000 to Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs). They, in turn,
make microloans for business start-up or development to eligible
microentrepreneurs who are unable to obtain conventional credit elsewhere.
Grants of up to $30,000 are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance
and training, particularly in rural areas that have experienced significant
outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate recipients.

RMAP applications are due by September 13, 2013. More information about how to
apply is available in the August 14, 2013 Federal Register. View it here:
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/pdf/2013-19765.pdf, or by contacting any
USDA Rural Development state office.

RMAP funds have helped a number of small businesses since the program began. In
2010, USDA provided the Southern Illinois Coal Belt Champion Community, Inc., a
$500,000 loan and $187,000 grant to capitalize a revolving loan fund and provide
technical assistance for microbusinesses in rural southern Illinois. In the
first three years of the project, this organization has helped 16
microenterprises with direct loans totaling $650,000 that have created or saved
67 jobs. The businesses supported include medical offices, and retail,
restaurant and manufacturing operations.

Since the program began, USDA has provided 97 loans totaling more than $37
million and 124 grants totaling more than $9.5 million to 110 MDOs. These
organizations used the USDA funding to make more than 760 microloans to 712
rural microenterprises. This assistance to individual businesses has created or
saved an estimated 2,700 jobs.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs, such as RMAP, for rural America. A comprehensive
new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, Vilsack
added, saying that's just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill
done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible. `

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday

Bank of America Hires Over 100 New Small Business Bankers in the Greater Los
Angeles Area

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 29 -- As part of its plan to hire over 1,000 new small business
bankers across the nation, Bank of America today announced that it has already
hired 110 small business bankers in the Greater Los Angeles area. An additional
70 small business bankers will be hired through the remainder of the year across
Southern California. Los Angeles was among the first three markets to begin
hiring, along with Dallas and the Baltimore-Washington, DC area.

According to the California Employment Development Department, there are more
than 49,000 businesses that employ between 10 and 100 individuals throughout the
Los Angeles region. These small business owners are often faced with unique and
complex financial demands that require personalized guidance from a small
business banker who understands a business owner's unique needs.

Through a relationship with a Bank of America small business banker, customers
will have convenient access to local small business expertise and a dedicated
resource who knows their business. Small business bankers will consult with
small business owners at their place of business and assess their companies'
deposit, credit and cash management needs.

To lead the hiring and management of the effort, Bank of America has named Lynn
Fernandez as Small Business Banker region executive for the Pacific Southwest
region including Los Angeles. In this newly created role, Fernandez will oversee
the small business banker sales force across the region.

"Small business owners want a relationship with someone who understands their
specific banking needs and can provide them access to expertise that addresses
their unique financial situation," said Fernandez. "As small businesses continue
to fuel and drive the economy forward across Southern California, our small
business bankers will be there to provide them with the solutions they need to
better manage their finances and run more efficiently."

Fernandez has been with Bank of America for over 30 years, most recently serving
as the Southern California region executive. In that role, she led a team of
3,400 consumer retail associates in more than 250 banking centers throughout
eight Southern California markets.

As a part of its ongoing commitment to small business, Bank of America extended
$18 billion of credit to small businesses in 2010, up from $16.5 billion in
2009. As the nation's largest investor in Community Development Financial
Institutions, Bank of America last August began awarding $10 million in grants
to nonprofit lenders for use as loan loss reserves required to access federal
microlending capital. So far, 92 grants totaling more than $6.2 million have
gone to nonprofit lenders who have used the funds to access over eight times
that amount, $51 million, in microloan capital, enabling them to make nearly
3,000 microloans to small businesses and start-ups, and helping to retain or
create about 6,400 jobs in local communities across the nation.

As of June 2010, Bank of America has also increased its spending with small,
medium-sized and diverse businesses through a commitment to purchase $10 billion
in products and services from those suppliers over five years. Other efforts to
help small businesses include recent improvements to the bank's two million
small business credit card accounts, such as no penalty rate increases on
existing balances, and enhancements to the Advisor AllianceTM retirement plan
platform, which serves more than 900,000 people from more than 40,000 businesses
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Levin introduces bill to make small-business lending program permanent

LENGTH: 1403  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Carl Levin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., a member of the Senate Small Business and
Entrepreneurship Committee, today introduced legislation to make permanent a
small-business lending program created under legislation he authored in 2010.

The Intermediary Lending Program was created as part of the Small Business Jobs
and Credit Act of 2010. It provides funding to nonprofit intermediary lenders to
make small to mid-sized loans to small businesses. Since enactment,
intermediaries in 20 states across the country have issued more than 300 loans
to small businesses, totaling more than $26 million. Two Michigan intermediary
lenders, Northern Initiatives in the state's Upper Peninsula and the Detroit
Development Fund, have each received $1 million in funding through the program
to extend loans to local small businesses.

Levin entered a statement in the Congressional Record today outlining the need
to make the program permanent:

"Mr. President, today I am introducing the Small Business Intermediary Lending
Program Act of 2014.

"This bill would make permanent a successful small business financing program
which provides startups and growing small businesses with access to capital. As
a long-time member of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I have
been a strong supporter of efforts to help small firms expand and thrive so they
can create jobs and grow the economy.

"The need for creative and effective ways to expand access to capital for small
businesses is greater than ever. According to a study issued by the Brookings
Institute in May, entrepreneurship is experiencing a troubling decline in the
United States, a trend the authors document over the last 30 years, across all
50 states and almost all metropolitan areas. They conclude that we need to
pursue policies that better foster entrepreneurship if we want to create more
jobs.

"One way we can foster entrepreneurship and address the lingering unemployment
affecting so many of our communities is to make permanent the Small Business
Intermediary Lending Pilot Program.

"I proposed and helped enact the Intermediary Lending Pilot Program into law in
2010. Over the last three years, the program has provided loans of $1 million to
nonprofit intermediary lenders to make small to mid-sized loans to small
businesses. The program gets financing to small businesses that are not being
served by banks or conventional loan programs currently available through the
Small Business Administration. Small businesses seeking this flexible debt
financing may have graduated from the Small Business Administration's Microloan
Program, and for a variety of reasons, especially lack of adequate collateral,
do not qualify for guaranteed 7(a) loans or other private capital.

"Given the slow economic recovery, high demand exists for the Intermediary
Lending Pilot Program. In the short life of the program, intermediaries in 20
states across the country have already made more than 300 small business loans,
totaling more than $26 million. If not for the Intermediary Lending Pilot
Program, the small businesses receiving these loans would have been hard-pressed
to find this financing elsewhere. Almost 90 percent of the loans were in the
$50,000-$200,000 range, making these loans larger than microloans. The average
loan size in the pilot has been about $88,000.

"The loans facilitated by the Intermediary Lending Program have done more than
help small businesses, they have created or retained thousands of jobs. Building
on this success and keeping the program going will strengthen our economy, get
small businesses sorely-needed capital, and catalyze job creation.

"Merit Hall, a full service staffing firm located in downtown Detroit provides
services and staffing to construction, landscape and facility maintenance
contractors throughout southeastern Michigan.  In 2013, Merit Hall received a
$200,000 ILP loan to support the company's growth.  Merit Hall used those funds
to retain and create 10 office jobs and 300 jobs in the field.  In addition,
this loan allowed Merit Hall to grow their revenues to the point where they were
bankable and were able to receive a $350,000 loan from a commercial bank and pay
off their ILP loan.

"Rubber Technologies of Coleman, Michigan recycles tires to create premium
recycled products such as playground surfacing and rubber mats. The Intermediary
Lending Program loan they received will help strengthen their business, allowing
them to add equipment and retain 12 jobs. Roaming Harvest, a small business in
Traverse City, Michigan started out as a food truck and now thanks to a loan
from the Intermediary Pilot program has opened a café featuring local food,
retaining two jobs and creating two new jobs.

"These small loans can add up. An intermediary lender in the state of
Washington, Craft3, has already made 34 loans through the program and created 98
jobs as a result.

"Intermediary lenders do more than provide loans, they provide technical
assistance and counseling which often does not accompany conventional loans,
helping business owners start and grow successful enterprises.

"The Intermediary Lending Program is modeled after the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Loan Program, which has existed since 1988. Like
the USDA program, this SBA counterpart is a decentralized initiative relying on
the capacity and market expertise of local, nonprofit intermediary lenders, but
it expands this approach, serving both rural and urban areas.

"The legislation I am introducing today makes the Intermediary Lending Program
permanent and authorizes a funding level of $20 million for each of the next
three fiscal years. The legislation authorizes nonprofit lending intermediaries,
chosen on a competitive basis, to participate in the program. As in the pilot,
each intermediary will receive a loan of up to $1 million at a low interest rate
to create a revolving loan fund through which they will make small business
loans.

"The nonprofit lenders who participate in this program already tap a variety of
financing programs to meet the needs of the small businesses in their states and
localities. SBA has observed that one of the benefits of the Intermediary
Lending Program as compared to the Microloan Program is the longer repayment
term, 20 years versus 10 years respectively. This patient capital helps to
facilitate larger loans that some businesses need, up to $200,000, and it allows
the revolving loan fund to revolve about 2.5 times before the intermediary fully
repays the initial SBA loan.

"In addition to authorizing the program, this bill makes a technical correction
to the language of the pilot program. While the pilot program limited the amount
that an intermediary can borrow under the Intermediary Lending Program to $1
million, it did not intend to take into account money an intermediary borrowed
through other SBA programs. Unfortunately, SBA interpreted the language in a way
that placed an overall cap on how much a participating intermediary can borrow
from the SBA under all SBA programs. The result was that more experienced
lenders with higher loan volumes, especially many strong microlenders, were
unable to participate. That was simply not the intent of Congress. Rather, this
program was designed to complement the microloan and 7(a) programs and add
another tool to the portfolio of nonprofit community-based lenders. The bill I
am introducing today changes the language to clarify our intent, maintains the
$1 million loan limit, and increases the overall amount intermediaries can have
outstanding from SBA under the Intermediary Lending Program to $5 million.

"Mr. President, the Intermediary Lending Program is a small program which has
already made a big difference. It is modeled on a program which has been
operating successfully for almost 30 years, and it shields the government from
any risks involved in lending to small businesses by having experienced
intermediaries take on that risk. As we all look for ways to bolster our
economy, we should build on this record of success. The Intermediary Lending
Pilot is addressing a lending gap and helping create jobs across the nation. If
we adopt my legislation, this program will continue to be an engine for small
business growth.  I urge its swift enactment."


For further information please visit: http://www.levin.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Levin introduces bill to make small-business lending program permanent

LENGTH: 1403  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Carl Levin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., a member of the Senate Small Business and
Entrepreneurship Committee, today introduced legislation to make permanent a
small-business lending program created under legislation he authored in 2010.

The Intermediary Lending Program was created as part of the Small Business Jobs
and Credit Act of 2010. It provides funding to nonprofit intermediary lenders to
make small to mid-sized loans to small businesses. Since enactment,
intermediaries in 20 states across the country have issued more than 300 loans
to small businesses, totaling more than $26 million. Two Michigan intermediary
lenders, Northern Initiatives in the state's Upper Peninsula and the Detroit
Development Fund, have each received $1 million in funding through the program
to extend loans to local small businesses.

Levin entered a statement in the Congressional Record today outlining the need
to make the program permanent:

"Mr. President, today I am introducing the Small Business Intermediary Lending
Program Act of 2014.

"This bill would make permanent a successful small business financing program
which provides startups and growing small businesses with access to capital. As
a long-time member of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, I have
been a strong supporter of efforts to help small firms expand and thrive so they
can create jobs and grow the economy.

"The need for creative and effective ways to expand access to capital for small
businesses is greater than ever. According to a study issued by the Brookings
Institute in May, entrepreneurship is experiencing a troubling decline in the
United States, a trend the authors document over the last 30 years, across all
50 states and almost all metropolitan areas. They conclude that we need to
pursue policies that better foster entrepreneurship if we want to create more
jobs.

"One way we can foster entrepreneurship and address the lingering unemployment
affecting so many of our communities is to make permanent the Small Business
Intermediary Lending Pilot Program.

"I proposed and helped enact the Intermediary Lending Pilot Program into law in
2010. Over the last three years, the program has provided loans of $1 million to
nonprofit intermediary lenders to make small to mid-sized loans to small
businesses. The program gets financing to small businesses that are not being
served by banks or conventional loan programs currently available through the
Small Business Administration. Small businesses seeking this flexible debt
financing may have graduated from the Small Business Administration's Microloan
Program, and for a variety of reasons, especially lack of adequate collateral,
do not qualify for guaranteed 7(a) loans or other private capital.

"Given the slow economic recovery, high demand exists for the Intermediary
Lending Pilot Program. In the short life of the program, intermediaries in 20
states across the country have already made more than 300 small business loans,
totaling more than $26 million. If not for the Intermediary Lending Pilot
Program, the small businesses receiving these loans would have been hard-pressed
to find this financing elsewhere. Almost 90 percent of the loans were in the
$50,000-$200,000 range, making these loans larger than microloans. The average
loan size in the pilot has been about $88,000.

"The loans facilitated by the Intermediary Lending Program have done more than
help small businesses, they have created or retained thousands of jobs. Building
on this success and keeping the program going will strengthen our economy, get
small businesses sorely-needed capital, and catalyze job creation.

"Merit Hall, a full service staffing firm located in downtown Detroit provides
services and staffing to construction, landscape and facility maintenance
contractors throughout southeastern Michigan.  In 2013, Merit Hall received a
$200,000 ILP loan to support the company's growth.  Merit Hall used those funds
to retain and create 10 office jobs and 300 jobs in the field.  In addition,
this loan allowed Merit Hall to grow their revenues to the point where they were
bankable and were able to receive a $350,000 loan from a commercial bank and pay
off their ILP loan.

"Rubber Technologies of Coleman, Michigan recycles tires to create premium
recycled products such as playground surfacing and rubber mats. The Intermediary
Lending Program loan they received will help strengthen their business, allowing
them to add equipment and retain 12 jobs. Roaming Harvest, a small business in
Traverse City, Michigan started out as a food truck and now thanks to a loan
from the Intermediary Pilot program has opened a café featuring local food,
retaining two jobs and creating two new jobs.

"These small loans can add up. An intermediary lender in the state of
Washington, Craft3, has already made 34 loans through the program and created 98
jobs as a result.

"Intermediary lenders do more than provide loans, they provide technical
assistance and counseling which often does not accompany conventional loans,
helping business owners start and grow successful enterprises.

"The Intermediary Lending Program is modeled after the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Loan Program, which has existed since 1988. Like
the USDA program, this SBA counterpart is a decentralized initiative relying on
the capacity and market expertise of local, nonprofit intermediary lenders, but
it expands this approach, serving both rural and urban areas.

"The legislation I am introducing today makes the Intermediary Lending Program
permanent and authorizes a funding level of $20 million for each of the next
three fiscal years. The legislation authorizes nonprofit lending intermediaries,
chosen on a competitive basis, to participate in the program. As in the pilot,
each intermediary will receive a loan of up to $1 million at a low interest rate
to create a revolving loan fund through which they will make small business
loans.

"The nonprofit lenders who participate in this program already tap a variety of
financing programs to meet the needs of the small businesses in their states and
localities. SBA has observed that one of the benefits of the Intermediary
Lending Program as compared to the Microloan Program is the longer repayment
term, 20 years versus 10 years respectively. This patient capital helps to
facilitate larger loans that some businesses need, up to $200,000, and it allows
the revolving loan fund to revolve about 2.5 times before the intermediary fully
repays the initial SBA loan.

"In addition to authorizing the program, this bill makes a technical correction
to the language of the pilot program. While the pilot program limited the amount
that an intermediary can borrow under the Intermediary Lending Program to $1
million, it did not intend to take into account money an intermediary borrowed
through other SBA programs. Unfortunately, SBA interpreted the language in a way
that placed an overall cap on how much a participating intermediary can borrow
from the SBA under all SBA programs. The result was that more experienced
lenders with higher loan volumes, especially many strong microlenders, were
unable to participate. That was simply not the intent of Congress. Rather, this
program was designed to complement the microloan and 7(a) programs and add
another tool to the portfolio of nonprofit community-based lenders. The bill I
am introducing today changes the language to clarify our intent, maintains the
$1 million loan limit, and increases the overall amount intermediaries can have
outstanding from SBA under the Intermediary Lending Program to $5 million.

"Mr. President, the Intermediary Lending Program is a small program which has
already made a big difference. It is modeled on a program which has been
operating successfully for almost 30 years, and it shields the government from
any risks involved in lending to small businesses by having experienced
intermediaries take on that risk. As we all look for ways to bolster our
economy, we should build on this record of success. The Intermediary Lending
Pilot is addressing a lending gap and helping create jobs across the nation. If
we adopt my legislation, this program will continue to be an engine for small
business growth.  I urge its swift enactment."


For further information please visit: http://www.levin.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday
                             Business Times Edition

Illegal payroll deductions row a blow for Net1

BYLINE: MALCOLM REES

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 876  words


Illegal payroll deductions row a blow for Net1

Tshwane council terminates contract over microloans

EMBATTLED Net1 UEPS has become embroiled in a new controversy over one of its
state tenders, this time amidst allegations that it facilitated unauthorised and
potentially illegal microloan deductions from government employees.

This is yet another blow to the JSE- and New York-listed company, which scored
the lucrative R10-billion tender to handle the social grant payouts to the
12-million South Africans getting old age pensions, youth grants or disability
grants under questionable circumstances.

Absa's grant arm Allpay claimed bribes were paid to score the tender, which
sparked a probe by US authorities the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Now an investigation into yet another state contract has raised red flags over
Net1's practices.

In this case, Net1 did a deal with the microlender Propratt, which allowed it to
deduct money directly from the City of Tshwane's payroll for the repayment of
costly loans.

This meant that Propratt would receive its repayments even before employees
received their salaries, which they needed for living expenses or repaying other
loans.

In one such case investigated by this newspaper, one Tshwane employee who earned
more than R5000 got a mere R400 in pay over the December festive season, after
Net1's subsidiary docked repayments for Propratt's loans off his salary.

This week, Tshwane confirmed to Business Times that it had terminated its
contract with Net1's subsidiary Fihrst as its memorandum of understanding
specifically prohibited micro-loan deductions from its payroll.

When asked about this case, Net1 CEO Serge Belamant declined to discuss the case
with Business Times, saying he was "preparing for the court case with Absa".

Absa's Allpay has taken its social grant tender dispute all the way to the
Constitutional Court, and the shadow of this large state contract continues to
loom over the company.

In December, the Constitutional Court ruled that the tender process was
"constitutionally invalid" - but the court will decide only after a hearing on
February 11 whether to scrap the contract entirely and start from scratch, or
find another remedy.

However, the tussle over the welfare contract has led to large swings in Net1's
share price on the JSE and the Nasdaq exchange. When news first emerged that
Net1 had won the tender in January 2012, Net1's stock rocketed 24% overnight to
R72. But after it emerged the FBI and other authorities were investigating, the
stock fell 47%. It has since retraced some ground to around R90.

This new scandal has added to the pressure on Belamant's company.

Propratt now looks set to lose a large chunk of its business as Tshwane moves to
block third- party deductions from its payroll. Propratt CEO Francois Eicker
declined to speak to Business Times on its dealings if that "would be for
something you are writing an article about".

Documents seen by Business Times show that Propratt abused its preferential
position by lending to the government employees without conducting affordability
assessments and by granting loans at a 60% interest charge - where the
repayments would almost entirely obliterate the take-home pay of its clients.

One debt counsellor, who works with Tshwane employees, said that Fihrst had been
allowed to review Tshwane employee payroll information to enable Propratt to
lend the maximum possible amount to the borrower, given the necessary
repayments. "Clearly this is reckless lending," he said.

"When you look at the obligations of these people there is no way that Propratt
would take the risk of granting these loans unless it was sure it would get its
money before anyone else.

"For the employees this means that they are forced into a debt spiral from which
there is no recovery."

Net1's arrangement with Propratt has a disturbing similarity to the predatory
payroll deductions from government's Persal system, which was ultimately banned
after it sparked the collapse of the microlending bubble back in 2002.

That fiasco, which hit banks like Unifer, led to Treasury regulations which
prohibited payroll deductions from government employees. At the same time, the
National Credit Act also outlaws the manipulation of a payroll system to allow
preferential payment to any party.

National Credit Regulator company secretary Lesiba Mashapa confirmed to Business
Times that microloan payroll deductions are illegal.

"On the face of it," it also appeared Net 1 had breached its MOU with Tshwane,
said Tshwane's executive director of financial services, Umar Banda.

"As a responsible employer we cannot have employees who earn next to nothing
when we know we have deposited a living wage into their bank accounts ... that
is why we had to take this corrective action," said Selby Bokaba, head of
communications at Tshwane.

Banda has indicated that he would implement further investigations into
allegations that Propratt may have provided "kickbacks" to HR managers at
Tshwane or to representatives of Fihrst.

He was "concerned" about allegations that Tshwane's staff had acted as
representatives of Propratt, selling its loans from within City of Tshwane
offices.

TROUBLED: Dr Serge Belamant, CEO of Net1 UEPS

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             March 1, 2007 Thursday

Lawmakers Pan SBA Budget

BYLINE: Cheyenne Hopkins and Derek Klobucher

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 172 No. 41

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Bush's budget proposal for the Small Business Administration came

under renewed fire Wednesday on Capitol Hill.

The House Small Business Committee rejected the Bush administration's

call for a smaller Small Business Administration budget.

The president's fiscal 2008 budget would reduce the SBA's discretionary

spending authority by 25.6%, to $464 million. However, the agency plans to

make up some of that cut by transferring unobligated funds appropriated in

fiscal 2007.

In a letter to the House Budget Committee, the Small Business Committee

said it is concerned that the cuts will damage the agency's effectiveness.

The letter, approved by a party line vote of 12 to 8, outlines the

committee's recommendations, such as a rejection of the Bush administration's

plan to impose new fees to make more programs self-funding. Those include the

SBA's Microloan program and its Secondary Market Guarantee program for

lenders that want to pool and sell loans.

"The administration's request is simply not the right priorities for the

future of our small businesses," Chairwoman Nydia M. Velazquez, D-N.Y., said.

"The budget simply does not do enough to help our businesses face the

challenges of the 21st century."

At the Senate Small Business Committee's first hearing on the SBA's

budget, Chairman John F. Kerry admonished SBA Administrator Steven C.

Preston.

"Even your testimony notes that the request for $464 million in new

budget authority still represents more than a 30% decrease in funding to the

agency over the last six years," the Massachusetts Democrat said. "While the

[Bush] administration portrays this as positive, I think most of us on the

committee continue to view this as troublesome."

Unlike the House committee, which divided along party lines in two

February hearings where Mr. Preston also testified, even Senate Republicans

were critical.

"I frankly think it's shortsighted for the administration to consider

that the SBA is not useful in rebuilding this economy," said Sen. Olympia J.

Snowe, R-Maine, the committee's ranking member. "It's the one agency and

program that really is essential to job creation in this country."

The senators questioned the wisdom of the proposed budget's plan to make

microloans a self-funding program by eliminating SBA subsidies.

"There's no incentive there for the SBA's microlenders to make loans,"

Sen. Kerry said. "They actually lose money making loans, and then they have

to pay back the SBA."

Mr. Preston defended the budget plan in an interview after the hearing.

"With a subsidy, for every loan we make, we lose a little bit of money

and the government has to pay," he said. "And if we don't have enough of an

authorization to pay for the loan, the bank gets to stop lending."

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     January 23, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Foods Market: Shoppers Find Two Easy Ways to Combat Global Poverty in the
Grocery Aisle at Whole Foods Market

LENGTH: 624  words


New Delhi, Jan. 23 -- Whole Foods Market has teamed up with long-time vendor
partner, Nature's Path to introduce two new, exclusive mueslis that not only
help shoppers kick-start the day, but also help fund poverty alleviation and
women's empowerment worldwide through its Whole Planet Foundation.



The products include Nature's Path's organic and Non-GMO Project-Verified
Heritage Mueslis which are packed with nutritious ancient grains and available
in two delicious flavors - Raspberry Hazelnut and Wild Blueberry Almond. For
every box sold, Nature's Path will donate 2 percent of the retail price (up to
$20,000) to nonprofit Whole Planet Foundation to fight poverty. Through grants
to microfinance partners like BRAC and Pro Mujer, the foundation alleviates
poverty in communities worldwide where Whole Foods Market sources products.
Since its inception, Whole Planet Foundation has committed more than $34 million
and disbursed more than $22 million in the U.S. and 53 other countries.

To bring Whole Planet Foundation's impact to life for shoppers, Nature's Path is
also spotlighting the stories of women entrepreneurs who have changed their own
lives through microcredit on the back of each box.

"Nature's Path has really given Whole Foods Market shoppers an opportunity to
not only give back, but see how microcredit loans as small as $200 can empower
the poor to create or expand home-based businesses for the chance to lift
themselves and their families out of poverty," said Philip Sansone, president
and executive director for Whole Planet Foundation. "We're excited to also
feature two of our amazing microfinance partners who receive our grants and then
create loans to alleviate poverty through microcredit."

The microcredit clients and partners featured on the back of the muesli boxes
include:

* Thusitha, a microentrepreneur who used her microloan to support her business
as a tailor, designer and painter. Thusitha is a client of Whole Planet
Foundation's microlending partner BRAC, the largest development operation in the
world. The foundation currently supports BRAC's microlending programs in five
countries: Uganda, Tanzania, Sierra Leone, Sri Lanka and Pakistan. BRAC's
partnership with the foundation has enabled it to deepen its commitment to
entrepreneurship in developing nations by providing microloans tailored for
adolescent girls. In Uganda, for instance, BRAC is now able to provide loans to
15,300 new adolescent borrowers over the next three years due to the
foundation's support.

* Luisa, a microentrepreneur who used her small loans to produce artisan goods
using fiber from the manguey plant. Luisa is a Pro Mujer client, which is one of
Whole Planet Foundation's partners in five Latin America countries: Argentina,
Bolivia, Mexico, Nicaragua and Peru. Pro Mujer provides hardworking women like
Luisa with the means to build livelihoods for themselves and futures for their
families through smalls loans, savings and insurance, business and empowerment
training and high-quality, low-cost primary healthcare. Currently, the
organization serves more than 260,000 women and their one million children and
extended family members. In addition to financial and educational services, Pro
Mujer helps prevent and diagnose health problems through its in-center and
mobile clinics to ensure that clients have immediate access to care when they
need it.

The two new flavors of Nature's Path's Heritage Muesli will be available
nationwide at Whole Foods Market for $4.69 a box while supplies last. For more
information about Nature's Path, visit: www.naturespath.com.

For more information about Whole Planet Foundation and the nonprofits
microlending partners, or for more client stories, visit
www.wholeplanetfoundation.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        May 11, 2012 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Planet Foundation Launches "Make Change. Not Waste." Green Lifestyle
Mobile Application

LENGTH: 413  words


New Delhi, May 11 -- Whole Planet Foundation and BlueAvocado have launched a
"Make Change. Not Waste." mobile iPhone application that rewards Whole Foods
Market shoppers with coupons for green lifestyle actions, while raising
awareness and funds for poverty alleviation.

The app provides shoppers with badges and coupons from a catalog of 45 green
lifestyle behaviors including recycling, using a reusable bag and biking to
work. After completing 10 green actions, customers can unlock one coupon from
leading green brands including: Nature's Path, Alexia Foods, Dr. Bronner's Magic
Soaps, Stonyfield, Frontier Co-op and Organic Valley. Shoppers can also donate a
percentage of the coupon value back to Whole Planet Foundation. The app is
available to download from the Apple Store.

"We're excited to help shoppers find easy ways to protect the planet, track
their green choices and fund poverty alleviation projects around the world,"
said Philip Sansone, president and executive director of Whole Planet
Foundation. "Through this app, shoppers can invest in making a real difference
for the planet and their global neighbors."

Whole Planet Foundation funds microlending projects in impoverished communities
where Whole Foods Market sources products. The foundation partners with
microfinance institutions to fund microloans that empower poor entrepreneurs
with an opportunity to lift themselves out of poverty. To date, the foundation
has committed more than $26.5 million and disbursed more than $15.5 million to
microfinance partners in the U.S. and 50 developing countries, positively
impacting more than a million people worldwide.

"Everyone wants to do the right thing, but we all need a little help to change
our patterns," says Amy George, co-founder and COO of BlueAvocado. "We're
honored to partner with Whole Planet Foundation and eco-conscious brands on this
green application."

BlueAvocado has been tracking its own eco-impact annually. In 2011 alone,
BlueAvocado helped avoid 46 million disposables, upcycled more than 805,000
plastic bottles and helped to fund more than 150 microloans through
contributions to Whole Planet Foundation.

BlueAvocado launched in 2008 at Whole Foods Market, bringing the country's first
reusable shopping system, the gro-pak, to market. The company currently has an
eco-collection of stylish lifestyle products - from shopping and lunch kits to
travel and beauty accessories - that reduce everyday waste.

Contact: Liz.Burkhart@wholefoods.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              May 10, 2010 Monday

Saving our state farms

BYLINE: By Robert Culver

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor

LENGTH: 601 words


Tuesday May 11, 2010

BOSTON

Sometimes it's the small stuff that makes a big difference. Massachusetts is now
offering microloans that are going to help us save family farms, make headway
against obesity and decrease our carbon footprint.

In a world of multi-billion-dollar stimulus plans the dollars don't seem like
much. From a total pool of $250,000 MassDevelopment will work with the New
England farm consulting group The Carrot Project and Vermont-based Strolling of
the Heifers to make loans of $3,000 to $15,000 to small farmers -- those with
fewer than 250 acres under cultivation and under $250,000 in annual revenues -
across the Bay State.

These small dollars have huge implications for farmers who too often are working
on tiny margins. A similar program in Vermont and Western Massachusetts run by
the same groups, the Strolling of the Heifers Micro Loan Fund, has helped
finance capital and operating funds and has already been credited with keeping
farms in business. That is something we need more than ever in Massachusetts.

This is still, in large part, an agricultural state. Massachusetts has almost
8,000 farms on almost 518,000 acres of land, according to the 2007 U.S. Census
of Agriculture. Farms bring in $6 billion in revenue, employ 13,000 people, and
play an international role in production of cranberries, wild blueberries,
squash, and maple syrup. Dramatically growing are organic farms that are aiming
for the booming locally grown market and providing homes, schools and
supermarkets with everything from eggs and milk to beef and chicken.

But right now, more than ever, our farms need this helping hand. Many
Massachusetts farmers saw their crops ruined last year by heavy rain in June and
July, which delayed the growing season, and extreme heat in August. Recent
flood-producing rains have also taken a toll.

n

Why should we be in the business of saving farms? Every small local farmer
forced to close his or her doors sets off a chain reaction that has enormous
costs for all of us. The now-unfarmed open space is too often turned into
housing developments, strip malls or big box stores, stressing already overtaxed
local services, degrading the environment and spoiling the quality -- and beauty
-- of traditional New England communities.

The damage is felt at the dinner table: When a small farm closes, the broccoli
or potatoes or beef or apples that once came from a trusted neighbor now need to
be trucked in from hundreds, if not thousands of miles away. Our food becomes
disconnected from our lives, and its transport becomes yet another environmental
pressure.

Small farm microloans are also necessary to keep the state's farms alive and
thriving as part of one of the most successful Farm to School programs in the
country. Since its inception in 2004, with help from the state Department of
Agriculture and MassDevelopment, Farm to School has boomed in Massachusetts --
giving farmers a major market for their goods and our children healthful, fresh
food. More than 200 school districts now get a significant portion of their food
from local farms, with much of that produce, meat, milk and eggs coming from 60
Massachusetts farms. The program has rapidly expanded, and 49 colleges and
private schools also purchased food directly from local farms.

Along with programs already available through the state's Department of
Agricultural Resources through its Buy Local and land preservation programs,
local farmers now have a new tool to help us keep the trucks off the road, the
cows in the field and the freshest food on the table.

Robert Culver is the CEO of MassDevelopment.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 11, 2015 Monday

Chandra Shekhar Ghosh -- ahead of the billionaires

LENGTH: 1071  words

DATELINE: Karachi


THE biggest names in Indian business -- including Anil Ambani, the Aditya Birla
group and the Bajaj group -- entered the fray in 2013 when the Reserve Bank of
India decided to grant licences to establish new banks for the first time in a
decade.

But it was Bandhan -- a Kolkata-based microlender serving poor rural women --
that stunned India's financial community by securing one of just two coveted
general banking licenses, finally awarded a year ago.

Now Bandhan, India's largest microfinance company, with a $1.6bn outstanding
loan portfolio, is preparing to make the leap from provider of small, unsec­ured
loans to poor rural borrowers to fully-fledged bank that can take deposits and
offer other financial services, including bigger, longer-term secured loans.
Microlender Bandhan was the surprise recipient of an Indian banking licence
coveted by powerful rivals

The transformation -- which must be completed by September under the RBI's terms
-- is the biggest test so far of Bandhan's 54-year-old founder. Chandra Shekhar
Ghosh, an earnest, Bangladesh-educated social entrepreneur, set up the
organisation in 2001 in Kolkata, a pioneer in eastern India of the kind of
microfinance he had seen flourish in Bangladesh.

"When RBI announced the banking licences, I gave leave to all my people. I gave
them some money and I said, 'Go, enjoy with your family -- this is your lifetime
achievement,'" says Mr Ghosh, during a visit to New Delhi, where he is meeting
RBI officials. "[When] they came back, I sat with my senior people and said
'now, these are the challenges'."

Until now, Bandhan -- which means bonds, or ties, in Bengali -- has had a
simple, highly-profitable business model. From about 2,000 bare-bones branch
offices, field officers extend small loans, mostly ranging from Rs1,000 to
Rs50,000, to poor women, who are allowed a year, or sometimes two, to repay.

Funds for these operations are provided in bulk by Indian commercial banks,
which use microlenders such as Bandhan as a form of 'last-mile link' to serve
poor borrowers. In this way they fulfil RBI regulatory requirements for socially
oriented lending.

Becoming a bank will bring dramatic changes to Bandhan, its 16,000 employees and
potentially its 6.3m borrowers. Once it receives its final clearances, the
company plans to open the doors of 600 bank branches simultaneously, and start
wooing deposits from well-to-do customers.

Over the subsequent 18 months, Bandhan will lose access to much of the bulk
commercial bank credit it currently repackages into tiny microloans. It will
instead have to rely on its own deposit base, or raise new equity, to extend
credit. "Our existing loan book is $1.6bn and we have loans from different banks
of around $1.2bn," Mr Ghosh says. "These loans should be repaid, and our
deposits must be increased. The first one or two years, we will take time to
balance these two things. This is the first job for us."

As a bank, Bandhan will be able to move into secured lending with larger loans
and longer repayment periods, but that re­quires developing new capacities such
as assessing credit risk. The RBI also mandated that Bandhan list on the Bombay
Stock Exchange by 2018. Mr Ghosh says. "There are a lot of expectations of us."

Born in humble circumstances as the son of a small sweetshop owner in India's
remote northeast, Mr Ghosh studied at Dhaka university, then worked for a big
NGO in Bangladesh, cradle of the global microfinance movement. After moving to
Kolkata in 1995, he saw the poor were at the mercy of rapacious moneylenders who
char­ged up to 700pc interest.

In 2001, after failing to persuade any Kolkata-based NGO to take up
microfinance, he tapped into his life-savings -- about Rs200,000 -- and set up
his own non-governmental organisation to prove microfinance could work in India.

Mr Ghosh says the case for becoming a bank -- which would allow Bandhan to take
deposits -- was overwhelming, especially after India's dramatic 2010
microfinance crisis. Then, microlenders were accused of making excessive profits
from usurious interest rates to borrowers. Government officials in Andhra
Pradesh state abruptly barred collections on any outstanding microloans.

Bandhan had no operations in Andhra Pradesh, but the crisis highlighted the
political risks of lending to the poor, as well as resentment generated by the
high rates of interest for most microloans. Indian microlenders charge about
24pc interest -- a mark-up on the average 12 to 14pc they pay for loans from
commercial banks.

Attracting deposits would mean that Bandhan pays less for the funds it lends and
Mr Ghosh says this could lower interest rates for small borrowers. That said,
experts caution that deposit-based funding will itself entail substantially
higher costs compared with the microlenders' present lean operations.

"Am I working for development, or am I getting blamed by the community for being
a profiteer?" Mr Ghosh asks. "If I can reduce the cost of funds, I can pass that
on and reduce interest rates for the customers. That's only possible if I can
take deposits from the people. What is the way, other than to become a bank?"

To make the transition, Mr Ghosh has retained Deloitte as an adviser and hired
400 new employees with commercial and retail banking experience. About 3,000
veteran microfinance field officers will staff the new bank branches. All
employees are undergoing intensive training. "I have told my existing employees,
'the new people coming in -- you will take them as your teachers to teach you
about banking systems,'" he says.

Bandhan, which began as an NGO, became a non-banking finance company in 2009.
The state-controlled Small Industries Development Bank of India took an equity
stake, as did the International Finance Corporation, the World Bank's private
lending arm, in 2011.

In January, the IFC and GIC, Singapore's sovereign wealth fund, invested $258m
in total, raising Bandhan's capital base to nearly $500m, well above the RBI
requirement.

Mr Ghosh says:"My vision is to reach the people who are not reached by any other
bank," he says. "Traditional banks assess their banks by balance sheets. I
assess my organisation by the number of customers. By 2020, I would like to
serve 20m families."

Bandhan will be the first Indian microlender to become a bank, but it is
unlikely to be the last. Other big local microfinance companies, such as
Janalakshmi, Equitas and Ujjivan, are also seeking bank licences.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Finance Feeds Growth

SECTION: B; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 542 words


ANDREW MITCHELL from North East Finance applauds the success of the region's
fastest 50 companies and examines the impact investment funds are having on
business growth prospects.

GROWING a business is never easy. It's a task that requires talent, dedication
and passion to succeed. The businesses in the Fastest 50 list deserve every
credit for their achievements in what remains a difficult market. They are
flying the flag for the region and are important role models for other aspiring
businesses and entrepreneurs as the economy grows.

If dedication and talent remain prerequisites, another important ingredient in
the recipe for success is finance, the lifeblood of any growing business.
Expanding firms need to be able to access the finance to support their growth
plans. Over the last couple of years, North East Finance has been working hard
to make investment funding more accessible to the region's businesses through
the Finance for Business North East Funds.

The programme has made a real difference to some of our brightest business
prospects at a time when securing finance remains challenging, with the banks
still reluctant to lend. Our funds have already invested in nearly 200
businesses across the North East, in a range of high growth sectors, from
Teesside in the south to Northumberland at the northern end of the region.
Around £25m has been invested in these companies attracting a similar amount in
private sector co-investment.

We are confident that many of these businesses will appear in the Fastest 50
lists in future years.

The funds are using public investment to drive the type of private sector growth
we need to champion if the regional economy is to succeed. This is not easy
money though. The funds are managed by professional fund managers who have done
a superb job in leveraging matched funding from the private sector. Without the
intervention of our fund managers, some of these deals simply wouldn't have been
given the traction they need.

The success of the funds has much to do with the backing of the region's
business community too. Our accountants, lawyers and corporate finance firms in
particular have grasped the opportunity - supported by some effective marketing
work on the part of the fund managers. Business intermediaries have done an
excellent job of signposting the funds and raising the profile of investment
funding among their clients as a viable source of funding.

This year the level of support has even been stepped up. We now have the
Microloan Fund to add to the Finance for Business portfolio. This is a £5m fund
being managed by Entrust that provides vital access to finance for small
businesses that may still be struggling to secure backing. Funding is available
between the levels of £1,000 and £25,000.

The new Microloan Fund   alongside the other six funds in our portfolio   will
continue to make a difference to North East firms through to the end of 2014.
The funds won't provide a magic overnight solution but will play a part in
supporting the development of ambitious companies that will create sustainable
jobs and wealth in the long-term as they grow.

For more information about the Finance for Business North East programme visit
www.northeastfinance.org or call  0191 211 2300

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 2012 DePaul University
           DePaul Journal of Art, Technology & Intellectual Property
                                      Law

                                   Fall, 2012

           DePaul Journal of Art, Technology & Intellectual Property
                                      Law

                 23 DePaul J. Art Tech. & Intell. Prop. L. 111

LENGTH: 18891 words

SEMINAR ARTICLE: LETTING FARMERS BE FARMERS:ECONOMIC SOLUTIONS TO SUBSISTENCE
LOOTING

NAME: Lubna Saad El-Gendi*


BIO: * L.L.M., DePaul University College of Law; J.D. Chicago-Kent College of
Law; B.S., Stony Brook University. I would like to thank and express my
appreciation to Professor Patty Gerstenblith for her invaluable guidance and
helpful suggestions. Special thanks as well to Professor Morag Kersel for her
willingness to find and send numerous research articles my way. Lastly, I would
like to gratefully acknowledge the support of the JATIP board, particularly
Izabella Redzisz.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The unique circumstances and motivations of subsistence looters requires a
showing of respect and understanding, and the implementation of an educational
campaign to show subsistence looters how they can use their communities'
cultural heritage to elevate themselves out of poverty by protecting local
archaeological sites instead of looting them.  ... Of the various cultural
activities engaged in by these tourists, visiting a historical attraction is the
"most popular cultural heritage tourism activity." ... Moreover, such programs
have resulted in economic benefits to the community, with locals using the loan
funds to help generate income sources for their families.  ... Many preservation
initiatives are focused on Peru and Mali, for instance, but ignore neighboring
countries like Nigeria and Argentina, which are also suffering destruction to
cultural sites due to subsistence looting.  ... Such economic approaches to
subsistence looting provide a means of generating "sustainable revenue to
provide incentives to decrease the looting and illegal sale of cultural
artifacts, " and increase the community's understanding of, and appreciation
for, the archaeological evidence of their cultural past.

TEXT:
 [*111]

   I. Introduction

 "They don't know the history, they're just looking for bodies and for tombs.
They're just looking for things to sell." n1 As vocalized by a local shopkeeper
in Peru, the core motive behind all forms of looting and pillage of
archaeological sites is money. While many other motives are often put forth, n2
at the end of the day, almost all looting is motivated by the potential money to
be made selling the looted artifacts. This is especially evident in poor
countries of origin, where struggling natives often feel the need to turn to
looting to supplement their meager incomes. This looting is exacerbated by the
fact that these poor countries of origin often do not have adequate funds to
properly protect and develop their archaeological and cultural treasures.

   As such, the poor state of the economy in many countries of origin, including
Peru, Belize, Guatemala, and Cambodia, results in widespread and epidemic
looting and pillaging of archaeological sites. This destruction of cultural
heritage is made even more devastating by the fact that these countries are
often the countries with incredibly rich cultural histories. Yet they are also
often the countries least equipped to preserve the archaeological evidence of
their rich cultural pasts. n3 However, the looting and mass destruction of the
world's cultural heritage can be combated by striking at the source of the
problem: the financial motivations  [*112]  behind the looting. Looting done by
indigent locals can be prevented by giving the people who feel compelled to turn
to looting a reason not to.

   This paper focuses on the financial incentives behind, and economic solutions
to, so called "subsistence looting." Part II addresses the widespread looting of
archaeological sites and the devastating effects such looting has. Part III
discusses the unique characteristics of subsistence looters and analyzes how
weak economies in poor countries of origin lead to subsistence looting. Part IV
details the various proposed economic solutions to such looting, while Part V
analyzes which economic solutions are best equipped to eradicate subsistence
looting. Finally, Part VI concludes, briefly summarizing and addressing the
potential of economic development-based initiatives to prevent looting and help
ensure the protection of archaeological sites worldwide.

   II. Looting is an Insidious Epidemic that is Destroying the World's Cultural
Heritage

 While the looting and plunder of archaeological sites has long been a problem,
"modern day looting is greater in scale than any carried out in the past, with
results that are usually beyond repair." n4 As Manus Brinkman, the former
Secretary General of the International Council of Museums, stated, looting "is
not a new phenomenon: down the ages warriors have destroyed many monuments and
sites and thieves have robbed many tombs. But the scale on which the destruction
now takes place is unprecedented." n5 Furthermore, looters motivated by
financial gain do not discriminate amongst the world's archaeological sites, and
"looting of archaeological sites and the dismemberment of ancient monuments are
problems that afflict countries as wealthy as the United States and the United
Kingdom and as poor as Mali and  [*113]  Bolivia." n6 Poorer regions of the
world, however, are often the victims of the most large-scale ransacking of
their cultural heritage.

   Particularly concerning is the widespread looting of archaeological sites in
Latin America, notably in Peru and Guatemala, where a looting epidemic "has
sounded alarm bells about the region's vanishing heritage." n7 A recent report
by the Global Heritage Fund identified almost 200 "at risk" sites in developing
nations, many in South and Central America. n8 In Guatemala, "the entire Peten
region [the cradle of Mayan civilization in Guatemala] has been sacked in the
past 20 years and every year hundreds of archaeological sites are being
destroyed." n9 In Peru, home to the ancient pre-Columbian Moche civilization,
"an estimated 100,000 tombs -over half of the country's known sites- have been
systematically looted." n10

   Besides contributing to the destruction of the world's important
archaeological sites, looting also deprives society as a whole of the ability to
learn about our rich cultural past. In archaeology, context is everything.
Context, as an archaeological term, usually refers to the "social or
stratigraphical relationships" of artifacts. n11 Seeing how the artifact was
buried, its spatial relationship to other artifacts or human remains, examining
the strata the artifact was found in, all of this helps archaeologists gain
knowledge and a true understanding of the past. n12 The information gleaned from
such contextual clues allows archaeologists to more accurately  [*114]
reconstruct past cultures and the details of past lives. Once artifacts are
removed from this context, society forever loses the ability to fully understand
the past. As "everyone in the cultural heritage realm agrees ... [,] the looting
of archaeological sites is devastating to our collective understanding of the
past." n13

   Moreover, in the absence of written records, studying artifacts in their
original context is often the only way that archaeologists can illuminate the
past. n14 The examination of artifacts in their original context through a
scientific excavation allows archaeologists to determine the function and use of
such artifacts, their importance to the daily lives of past inhabitants of the
region, and other information that can help archaeologists piece together the
past. n15 An artifact removed from its context is just a pretty object. n16 As a
result, one of the most detrimental effects of looting is the total loss of
context that looting results in. As one scholar asked, "when the adhering soil
is washed off a looted pot to reveal its financially valuable surface, how much
information about ancient society is lost?" n17

   Not only is valuable information about our past irrevocably lost through the
removal of an artifact from its context, but looters also routinely destroy
artifacts that cannot be sold in the market for illicit cultural artifacts.
These objects have no value to the looter, and thus looted sites are often found
littered with pottery fragments and shards, and even bones, carelessly thrown
away by  [*115]  a looter searching for financially valuable textiles or gold
artifacts. In Palestine, for example,



   antiquities thieves are looking mostly for gold, coins, glassware and ceramic
pieces like oil lamps, clay stamps and items bearing written inscriptions. These
objects can sell for hundreds, sometimes thousands, of dollars if they are found
intact ... As a result ... if they come across a skeleton wearing gold or silver
jewellery, they will break the skeleton to get the bracelets or necklaces, and
in the process destroy significant historical data. n18

 Extensive damage is also done to the archaeological sites themselves as a
result of the looter's effort to extract a movable, saleable piece of cultural
heritage that can command thousands or even millions on the black market. n19

   III. Weak Economies in Poor Countries of Origin Lead to Increased Looting

   A. Subsistence looters and their economic incentives

 The continually growing art market creates an incentive to loot, both for
organized looters and for so called subsistence looters. As has been widely
argued, "a flourishing $ 4 billion black market in art continues to hasten the
destruction of archaeological sites worldwide." n20 Record prices at auctions in
recent times continue  [*116]  to motivate looters looking for that one big
score. n21 Some argue that so long as this market exists and there are
collectors willing to purchase illicit antiquities, looting will always occur
because there will always be an economic incentive for it. n22 While it will
indeed be very hard to stop the type of looting that is done by organized
looters who are acting to supply the illicit market and meet the demands of
collectors, there are looters who can be persuaded to turn away from looting.

   While today most looting is done by organized looters who are often kept on
retainer, subsistence looting is still a problem in many regions of the world.
n23 Many of the looters in poor countries of origin are local farmers or
villagers who loot to supplement their paltry incomes. n24 For instance, as Adel
H. Yahya, the Director of the Palestinian Association for Cultural Exchange,
explained, "Palestinian illegal excavators are mostly "subsistence  [*117]
looters' who dig as a way of surviving poverty." n25 In Belize, reports have
suggested there are perhaps as many as 30,000 subsistence farmers "picking
through the earth for relics" alongside organized looters. n26 One scholar,
David Matsuda, who has extensively studied subsistence digging and interviewed
more than 400 subsistence diggers, estimates that "upward of 500,000 people
conduct unofficial excavations [in El Salvador and Guatemala] to make up for
subsistence shortfalls." n27

   However, before analyzing proposed solutions to this type of looting, it is
important to understand what is meant by the term "subsistence digging." The
term "subsistence digger" is usually used to refer to a "person who uses the
proceeds from artifact sales to support his or her traditional subsistence
lifestyle." n28 Such subsistence diggers are locals "who hunt and gather
artifacts part-time in agricultural off-seasons as part of the "seasonal round'
of traditional food-getting practices." n29 For example, the term "subsistence
digging" is often used in connection with St. Lawrence Island in Alaska. St.
Lawrence Island is owned by two Alaska Native Corporations, n30 and the people
of St. Lawrence  [*118]  Island are "engaged in a mixed cash and subsistence
economy, with the latter being more important." n31 These two native
corporations "manage their archaeological resources as a form of economic
capital" n32 and promote the idea of "archaeological sites as economic resources
... [and] as the source of extractable commodities." n33 As such, digging for
artifacts by indigenous communities is legal in St. Lawrence Island, and is
carried out by natives as a means of supplementing traditional subsistence
lifestyles. n34

   The natives of St. Lawrence Island don't consider themselves looters, and as
their digging activities are legal, they are not technically stealing
archaeological artifacts for illicit sale. This has led to confusion regarding
the terms "subsistence diggers" and "subsistence looters;" some prefer to use
the term "subsistence looters" to refer to those who have no legal right to dig
for artifacts, and others prefer to avoid the negative implications of that term
altogether." n35 This confusion is further exacerbated by the fact that the term
subsistence looting is sometimes incorrectly  [*119]  applied to those who are
not truly looting to provide basic necessities for their families, but rather to
obtain extra cash. n36 This paper focuses only on subsistence looting that is
done by impoverished locals who are digging to provide basic sustenance for
their families, whether done legally or not.

   Additionally, this paper uses the terms "subsistence diggers" and
"subsistence looters" to refer only to those who loot purely due to poor
financial circumstances. This paper does not include within the definition of
either term people who engage in "artifact digging" mainly due to a belief that
they are entitled to engage in such an activity. Such people, while they may
realize economic benefits through the sale of any artifacts they find, are not
motivated primarily by dire financial straits to dig, but instead dig for
artifacts because it is a tradition or a favored family activity. Since
economics is not the primary motivating factor behind such looting, providing an
economic alternative to looting will not prevent this type of looting.
Accordingly, this paper focuses only on those who loot primarily due to a need
to supplement a meager income. n37

   B. The unique circumstances behind subsistence looting demand
 a specialized approach to combating it

 Making a distinction between subsistence looters and organized looters is
crucial, and will make a difference in formulating effective approaches to
combating looting. Subsistence looters command more sympathy, and many argue
that the reasons behind subsistence looting are equally as compelling as the
reasons for protecting cultural heritage. n38 Understanding who subsistence
[*120]  looters are, their history and culture, and why they feel forced to
loot, leads to an understanding that this type of looting can be prevented
through education and economic development. Moreover, subsistence looting is
often the result of the interplay of many political, economic, and social
factors. Hence, the socioeconomic status of the subsistence looter, in addition
to an understanding of how history and politics have worked together to put the
subsistence looter in such a position, must be considered when discussing how to
prevent subsistence looting. As David Matsuda has noted in discussing the
political considerations at play in these countries of origin, "for the regimes
in El Salvador and Guatemala to admit that artifact looting is really
subsistence digging, they must confront the fact that there are indigenous
peoples among them - oppressed by land speculation and resource-hungry
militaries, constrained from extra-local commerce, and lacking political power -
who dig their ancestors' remains to put food on the table." n39

   Studying the economic conditions in the countries of origin where such
subsistence looting occurs is the first step in understanding why local farmers
and villagers are motivated to turn to looting. The countries that are hardest
hit by subsistence looting are among some of the poorest countries in the world.
A 2010 report by the Global Heritage Fund (GHF) states that "there are more than
500 major archaeological and cultural heritage sites in developing countries and
regions where per capita income is under US $ 3-5 a day." n40 In Peru for
example, where over half of the known archaeological sites have been looted,
approximately 31% of the population lives below the poverty line. n41 This
number  [*121]  jumps to 43% in Belize, where more than four out of every ten
people live in poverty in a country where almost three-quarters of the major
Mayan sites have been looted. n42 In Afghanistan, where the living standards are
"among the lowest in the world," 36% of the population lives below the poverty
line. n43 Similarly, in Mali, one of the twenty five poorest countries in the
world, approximately 36% of the population lives in poverty. n44 Starker numbers
come out of Guatemala, where over half of the population lives below the
national poverty line, with 13% living in extreme poverty. n45 Indigenous
groups, which make up 38% of the Guatemalan population, face even more dire
straits, with 73% living in poverty and 28% living in extreme poverty. n46
Similar statistics are available for many other developing countries whose
archaeological sites are being ravaged by subsistence looters.

   These developing countries of origin often also "grapple with crumbling
infrastructures and national debt, and ... find it hard enough to provide
employment opportunities." n47 Locals, struggling to make an income in this job
and resource-scarce environment, turn to looting, lured by the fact that "area
residents may derive full-or part-time incomes from selling relics illegally
[*122]  removed from nearby sites." n48 Some reports suggest that most of these
subsistence diggers are "refugees from civil violence and economic despair" who,
faced with environments with "no seed crops, poor soil, and unstable weather
patterns[,]" have discovered that "the abundance of uncharted archaeological
ruins ... [are] a viable socioeconomic alternative to starvation." n49 The
economic desperation felt by locals who eventually turn to looting must be
addressed with compassion and understanding. Numerous subsistence looters and
those who have dealt with them have described the desperation behind their
decision to turn to looting in various compelling terms:



   [The villagers] tried to earn as much money as possible with their finds, to
put food on the table for their children. You don't do this for fun ... If
you're not desperate, you never do this. n50



It makes me sad that our heritage, our Italian history is disappearing like
this. I'd like to have an honest job ... but there's no alternative for me or my
men. We work to put food on the tables for our families. I know I'm stealing
from the State, but I don't know anyone who does this job who is rich. We are
all unemployed. n51



What are you going to do? They are poor, malnourished farmers without money for
seed, and without sufficient land to practice subsistence agriculture. They
keep, on average about US$ 75  [*123]  from the US$ 500 a year they earn. With
this paltry amount, milperos [traditional farmers] must support large families
and contribute to communal ceremonies. This is a land where there is no
socialized security or medicine, taxes are usurious, and such things as sinus
medicine and antibiotics cost between US$ 5 and US$ 10 a treatment. Under these
conditions, wouldn't you take the US$ 0.50 to US$ 14 for artifacts tilled from
your fields, and the US$ 2 to US$ 14 a day for work as a clandestine excavator
during the off-season? This is equal to or better than the paltry sums they earn
as laborers on oppressive plantations with company stores. n52

 The sympathetic plight of subsistence looters leads some to question "how can
someone tell a poor person not to economically exploit a site, even if
destructive, without providing a viable economic opportunity that provides
income to that person while simultaneously preserving cultural heritage?" n53
The desperate economic plight of subsistence looters demands a solution that
places the emphasis not just on protecting cultural objects, but on improving
the abysmal financial situation of the people who feel forced to loot these
objects.

   The traditional cultural values and beliefs of the local communities who turn
to looting must also be understood. Some indigenous populations engage in
subsistence digging not only "as a means of supporting themselves
economically[,]" but also "as a way of connecting themselves to their past and
their ancestors who left buried remains as a type of gift to their descendants."
n54 Many indigenous cultures consider artifacts gifts from ancestors, and these
indigenous peoples "see themselves as the legitimate heirs to ... artifacts,
which are conceived of as ancestors' gifts, given to humanity by real or
mythological patrons to be ... excavated ...  [*124]  by later generations." n55
Many local populations have not only continued these traditional practices, but
look forward to carrying on, and passing along to their children, the family
tradition of digging for artifacts. Many indigenous populations also believe it
is their right to look for and profit from "gifts" left to them by their
ancestors. Furthermore, subsistence digging is often viewed as a traditional
cultural practice, and locals "excavate artifacts to supplement traditional
socioeconomic life ways." n56 These traditional practices and beliefs must be
respected instead of dismissed outright as foolish by archeologists intent on
preserving the site. Instead, a better approach would be to convince the local
populations that they can reap greater economic benefits from the "gifts" left
to them by their ancestors by supporting economic development of the site and
community, rather than by selling these "gifts."

   The unique circumstances and motivations of subsistence looters requires a
showing of respect and understanding, and the implementation of an educational
campaign to show subsistence looters how they can use their communities'
cultural heritage to elevate themselves out of poverty by protecting local
archaeological sites instead of looting them. Successfully combating subsistence
looting must involve not only educating the local population about the value of
preserving their cultural heritage, as well as the superior economic benefits
that can come from preserving rather than looting, but must also demonstrate
respect for the local community. This respect can be shown by involving the
local community in the preservation and development process, giving them the
power to make the crucial decisions regarding how to develop their community
around the site, and demonstrating an understanding of the sympathetic reasons
why they loot, instead of simply characterizing all looters as evil people
motivated by greed.

[*125]

   IV. Economic Solutions to Combat Looting in Poor Countries of Origin

   A. Sustainable economic community development

 Getting the locals to invest in, and in turn protect, their local
archaeological sites will require providing a greater economic incentive than
that posed by the financial gains to be had by looting. Combating subsistence
looting will thus require demonstrating to looters that they stand to reap much
greater, consistent, and sustainable economic benefits from developing the site,
rather than looting it. As noted by the McDonald Institute for Archaeological
Research, "looting undermines the economic base of a community just as surely as
it depletes its history." n57 Additionally, "any economic benefit that
communities derive from looting is grossly exaggerated - and tiny compared to
the benefit those communities would derive from keeping the artifacts in situ."
n58 Demonstrating to local communities that they could reap far greater economic
benefits from protecting archaeological sites can be achieved by developing
projects that will "bring financial benefit directly to local populations" and
that would, "as a result, increase their participation in and appreciation of
their cultural heritage." n59 Such projects should focus on developing
archaeological sites in a manner that will both preserve the site and help
elevate local communities out of poverty.

   Getting local populations to support such projects can be achieved partly by
demonstrating to subsistence looters just how much they are losing by looting
rather than by protecting and economically developing the site. Many subsistence
looters do not even realize that they are not the ones making the real money,
but rather are simply enabling the middlemen and dealers who work with
collectors to get rich. "The looting of archaeological sites is a well-organized
big business motivated primarily by profit[,]" n60 and subsistence looters are
stuck at the low-end of the profit scale,  [*126]  used by this big business to
the advantage of the real moneymakers. Studies by Neil Brodie have demonstrated
that the original looter typically makes less than 1% of the final sale price of
the looted artifact. n61 By demonstrating that local communities can derive far
greater economic benefits, that will be greater in value as well as more
sustainable than the meager one-time profits derived from looting,
economically-based cultural preservation efforts will be able to provide the
necessary economic incentive for subsistence looters to turn away from looting
and instead focus on building the community up around the archaeological site.

   Initiatives focusing on combining preservation efforts with sustainable
economic development have grown in number and scale over the past few years. As
Irina Bokova, the Director-General of UNESCO, noted, "over the past decade, we
have seen a welcome new trend evolving, mainly in developing countries. I am
speaking about culture as an economic driver: a creator of jobs and revenues; a
means of making poverty eradication strategies relevant and more effective at
the local level." n62 The Global Heritage Fund has incorporated this evolving
idea of preserving cultural sites while also using them as a driving force for
the eradication of poverty into its new preservation strategy. n63 This strategy
"goes well beyond traditional monument based approaches to preservation," and
represents "the first attempt to quantify the value of heritage sites as global
economic resources to help achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals." n64
Such initiatives, which focus on the local communities surrounding the  [*127]
site rather than on the site itself, have the potential to not only completely
prevent subsistence looting, thus greatly aiding in the preservation of the
site, but also to significantly improve the standard of living of thousands of
impoverished people worldwide.

   1. Microloan and grant programs

 Economic development of the local communities based on the archaeological site
can offer an incentive for subsistence looters to protect and further develop
the site instead of looting it. By helping locals establish craft shops, hotels,
restaurants, tour guide services, and other tourism-related businesses focused
on the archaeological site itself, locals will want to invest in the site
instead of loot it. Similarly, offering funding for community development
programs or loans in exchange for protection of the site can also motivate local
communities to invest in and protect the site. Encouraging and aiding in the
local community's investment in the site can be achieved through the use of
grants and loans, conditioned on the protection and development of the site.
Several such programs have been initiated in different countries of origin whose
cultural heritage is suffering from widespread looting.

   One such program was initiated more than a decade ago in Ciudad de Dios,
Peru, a small rural town with an approximate population of 360 people. n65 When
Brian Billman, founder and director of MOCHE, Inc., and Jesus Briceno began a
long-term archaeological project in the Moche Valley in Peru, they encountered
the usual difficulties caused by looting and rural poverty. n66 However, instead
of employing the typical, and ineffectual, method of hiring one or two people to
guard the site during the off-season, in 1998 Billman and Briceno instead hired
[*128]  the entire village of Ciudad de Dios to protect the site. n67 In
exchange for the village protecting the archaeological site, Billman and Briceno
offered to fund $ 1200 worth of development projects for every year the site
remained untouched. n68 Since they offered this program, looting at the site has
effectively stopped, and several development projects have been completed in
Ciudad de Dios.

   Building off of this success, in 2006 Billman founded MOCHE, Inc., a
nonprofit organization that is "dedicated to protecting, teaching, and studying
the rich cultural heritage of Peru by creating partnerships with rural
communities." n69 MOCHE, Inc.'s goal is to "apply entrepreneurial techniques to
the intertwined problems of heritage preservation and rural poverty." n70 The
organization aims to achieve this goal by funding "the preservation of
archaeological sites, the implementation of sustainable rural development
projects, and the furtherance of archaeological research and teaching in Peru."
n71 MOCHE, Inc. has funded, and continues to fund, public health and sanitation
programs, health clinics, water programs, and other beneficial programs in
Ciudad de Dios and other local communities in Peru. n72 The organization is
currently working on completing construction of a medical clinic in Bello
Horizonte, one of the larger towns in the area, with a population of
approximately 2500. n73 In Cerro Blanco, a small rural town where most families
are poor and live on less than $ 150 a day, MOCHE, Inc. is helping complete a
new water system that will provide a clean, safe, and continuous supply of water
to 100  [*129]  families. n74 Several similar projects are also currently being
undertaken or planned by MOCHE, Inc.

   Similar programs are run by the Sustainable Preservation Initiative (SPI),
lead by University of Pennsylvania archaeologist Larry Coben. SPI "seeks to save
and preserve the world's cultural heritage by providing transformative and
sustainable economic opportunities to poor communities in which cultural
heritage sites are located." n75 As explained by Coben, "people can't eat their
history... we need to provide an alternative to other potential economic uses of
archaeological sites, such as looting, agriculture, grazing, residential and
commercial uses. That enables us to help people better their lives and gives
them a powerful economic incentive to preserve our shared heritage." n76 SPI
seeks to provide this incentive by developing "plans for projects and businesses
that will be locally owned and that maximize the spending of dollars in the
communities surrounding the sites." n77 Operating under its motto of "Saving
Sites by Transforming Lives," SPI aims to "provide grants to existing or start
up businesses such as tourism, guides, restaurants, hostels, transportation,
artisans and site museums[,]" with continued economic support tied to
"successful sustainable business and preservation efforts." n78

   SPI currently operates in Peru and Armenia, and has plans to start similar
programs in Bulgaria and Jordan. n79 SPI recently completed a successful project
in San Jose de Moro, Peru, the location of "one of the most important cemeteries
and ceremonial  [*130]  centers of the Mochica culture and subsequent cultures."
n80 While this archaeological site is one of the "largest and most complex
cemeteries and ceremonial centers used consecutively by hundreds of
civilizations," the surrounding community of San Jose de Moro is a small rural
community with an approximate population of 5000. n81 The residents of San Jose
de Moro are largely engaged in an agricultural-based economy, with most
residents living on an average daily income of $ 9.25. n82

   In March 2010, SPI awarded the San Jose de Moro community a $ 48,000 grant
for "artisanal and touristic development." n83 With this grant, the community
built a visitor and training center, which included a crafts workshop, store,
and exhibition area. n84 Tourists visiting the site can watch local artisans
create their wares, buy the finished artisanal products, and also participate in
the ceramic making process. n85 The SPI grant money was also used to construct a
new entrance to the Moche site, toilet facilities, a picnic and rest area, and a
small snack bar, all adjacent to the exhibition center. n86 During construction
of this workshop, which took six months to complete, supplies were purchased
locally and twenty temporary jobs were created. n87 Since its construction, the
center has resulted in twelve permanent jobs for local residents and has
generated significant income for the community through the sale of artisan wares
and guidebooks, with local artisans selling almost $ 2000 worth of wares in one
record-setting day in July 2011. n88 Through this and similar projects, "SPI is
helping to turn an important archaeological site into a source of
tourism-related cash for a poor  [*131]  local community, thereby creating an
enormous incentive to protect that site rather than looting it or building on
it. And, of course, creating jobs, too." n89 SPI recently launched a new "People
Not Stones" initiative at the Pampas Gramalote site in Huanchaco, Peru.

   The Archaeological Institute of America (AIA) also funds programs in local
communities. The AIA runs a Site Preservation program that provides grants to
"innovative projects that preserve archaeological sites through conservation
efforts and also emphasize outreach, education, and community involvement." n90
The AIA has funded such programs in Turkey, Crete, Cambodia, Chile, Mexico,
Belize, Jordan, Syria, Kenya and many other countries. n91 Similarly, the U.S.
Department of State helps train local artisans and craft makers as part of its
cultural heritage conservation efforts funded through its Ambassadors Fund for
Cultural Preservation. Since its inception more than ten years ago, the
Ambassadors Fund has provided almost $ 33 million to help fund more than 700
cultural preservation projects in more than 100 countries. n92 Through this
funding, the U.S. Department of State has helped train, fund, and employ local
craftsmakers in Mauritania, Egypt, Paraguay, Pakistan, Madagascar, and other
countries. n93 Such programs not only help provide jobs and reduce local
poverty, but also raise awareness about the need to preserve cultural heritage.

   Another innovative economic development program was initiated in 1997 in
Mali, where "more than half the archaeological  [*132]  sites have reportedly
suffered damage from unlawful excavation." n94 Ethnographic and archaeological
material from the Dogon region in Mali is "among the most highly sought," and
looting in Mali has been so extensive that it "has been likened to a cultural
genocide." n95 In an effort to stem the "growing loss of the community's
material cultural heritage through illegal excavation and the subsequent sale of
artefacts[,]" n96 a General Assembly of community members led by the village
chief officially launched the CultureBank in 1997 in the Fombori village in
Dogon, Mali. n97 The CultureBank functions as a "community museum,
microfinancing institution, and educational centre." n98 Local villagers who
have cultural objects in their possession are eligible to receive a small
business loan in exchange for depositing their cultural object with the museum.
n99 Under this system, locals can use their "cultural heritage as collateral in
exchange for currency, which they use to buy grain, livestock, implements, and
the like." n100

   This system offers locals immediate and long-term economic benefits, as well
as economic security. Participating villagers who have repaid their loans in a
timely manner "can opt to renew these loans for an equal or greater amount,
which ensures access to a steady stream of income regardless of the general
economic situation... This arrangement allows participants to access
increasingly larger loans, in sharp contrast to the one-time profit realized by
selling artefacts to tourists or to middlemen." n101 As the  [*133]  Women's
Association of Fombori stated, this system allows local villagers to not only
protect their cultural inheritance, but also to "sell more items in the weekly
market and earn extra income to support ... [their] families." n102 Additional
economic benefits are derived from charging visitors a small admission fee for a
guided tour of the CultureBank and a visit to the nearby Tellem cliff dwellings.
n103 These visitors also help support local artisans by buying their goods in
the CultureBank boutique, which "sells these items on a consignment basis,
earning a 10% commission which funds community activities." n104

   Since its inception, the CultureBank program has largely been a success in
Mali, granting 451 loans to approximately seventy borrowers between 1997 and
2002, with a 94 % rate of repayment. n105 As a result of this program, the
CultureBank has provided $ 14,279 worth of loan funds to the community since
1997, and the local museum has "amassed an impressive collection of material,
including archaeological artefacts, gourds, household objects, jewellery, masks,
pottery, weaponry, and wooden statutes." n106 This program has also resulted in
more widespread benefits in the surrounding communities, serving as a catalyst
to "encouraging cultural heritage protection" by sponsoring "a series of
community activities including artisan and conservation workshops, community
festivals, historical research, literacy classes, and theatre performances."
n107 These social programs improve relations in the local communities, increase
ties and social interaction between the local communities, and enhance business
opportunities. n108 In addition, the museum's "outreach programmes educate the
population on the importance of archaeological site conservation, while actively
discouraging the looting of archaeological sites and the sale of cultural
items." n109

[*134]

   2. Sustainable cultural heritage tourism initiatives

 Heritage tourism commonly refers to "travel designed to experience the places
and activities that authentically represent the stories and people of the past"
and encompasses travel to "archaeological and historical sites, parks, museums,
and places of traditional or ethnic significance." n110 According to the
National Assembly of State Arts Agencies ("NASAA"), n111 the arts, heritage,
and/or cultural activities are increasingly being named by travelers as one of
the top five reasons to travel. n112 Of the various cultural activities engaged
in by these tourists, visiting a historical attraction is the "most popular
cultural heritage tourism activity." n113 Moreover, these cultural tourists tend
to take longer trips, typically staying at least seven days at their
destination, and spend more money than the average traveler. Furthermore, at
least one quarter of these cultural tourists take three or more culture-based
trips a year, and over 35 million adults stated that "a specific arts, cultural
or heritage event or activity influenced their choice of destination." n114
According to the NASAA, of the 146.4 million U.S. adults who took a trip of
fifty miles or more away from home in 2002, eighty-one percent of them can be
considered cultural tourists. n115 Accordingly, as noted by the NASAA (in
discussing cultural tourism within the U.S.), "given this large volume of
[*135]  travelers, cultural/heritage tourism generates millions of dollars for
destination communities in spending on shopping, food, lodging and other
expenses." n116 Therefore, heritage tourism can potentially generate significant
income for local communities, particularly rural ones, and can function as a
means through which local communities can diversify their economies. n117

   While tourism generally brings economic benefits to a community, linking a
community's cultural heritage with tourism can magnify those economic benefits,
as well as provide for the protection of the community's culture, both past and
present. Today, "tourism, preservation, heritage and culture are much more
likely to overlap" and cultural heritage tourism "can have a tremendous economic
impact on local economies." n118 As has been noted,



   tourism is a powerful economic development tool. Tourism creates jobs,
provides new business opportunities and strengthens local economies. When
cultural heritage tourism development is done right, it also helps to protect...
[a] nation's natural and cultural treasures and improve the quality of life for
residents and visitors alike. Linking tourism with heritage and culture can do
more for local economies than promoting them separately. That's the core idea in
cultural heritage tourism: save your heritage and your culture, share it with
visitors, and reap the economic benefits of tourism. n119

 The idea is thus to encourage local communities to invest in their surrounding
archaeological and cultural sites in order to save both their community and
their cultural heritage. Through such  [*136]  initiatives, "local identity"
will be strengthened "as communities in the vicinity of the sites become
involved in and invest in the maintenance and upkeep of a site that directly
benefits them." n120 Moreover, turning such sites into tourist attractions will
generate more attention for the site, which can have its own benefits. As has
been noted, "national and international exposure of a site can also lead to
greater investment in its upkeep and maintenance by local and national
governments." n121 Hence, "archaeological tourism is an opportunity for
community and regional development." n122

   Sustainable archaeological parks are one means proposed for allowing local
communities to derive all the benefits offered by heritage tourism.
"Archaeological parks - prehistoric or historic sites preserved and interpreted
for the public - have always been obvious tourism magnets for the communities in
which they are located, and in many cases this has been a driving concern for
their preservation and development." n123 Today, "the explosion of "extreme
tourism' and globalization create enormous potential for locally based tourism
and artisan businesses." n124 Local communities can invest in the archaeological
site to turn it into a tourist attraction that will bring in revenue much needed
by the community. Such parks can not only bring tourist revenue to local
businesses, but can also employ locals in running the parks, thus greatly
contributing to the economic development of the local community. n125
Archaeological parks can also have wider ranging  [*137]  educational benefits,
serving as "year-round education centers about archaeology for people of all
ages and backgrounds." n126 These educational effects can be enhanced by
including small, locally-run museums related to the archaeological site as part
of the park itself. Such museums could include gift shops that sell, amongst
other items, locally produced arts and replicas of artifacts. These museums
would thus act not only to bring in additional tourists and revenue, but would
also help educate both locals and visitors about the cultural past of the region
and the importance of preserving it. n127 It has also been suggested that
archaeological excavation sites "can become part of larger archaeological parks
themselves[,]" helping to promote tourism to the site and generate additional
income. n128

   The potential economic and development benefits that can be derived from such
cultural tourism sites have resulted in many archaeological and cultural sites
being developed into tourist attractions. According to a 2010 report by GHF,
over 141 million people visited the top fifty global heritage sites in 2009.
n129 Such high numbers of tourists bring with them millions, if not billions, of
dollars in potential revenue to the state and to local businesses. It is
estimated, for example, that between 2006 and 2010, Peru received $
9,150,000,000 in tourist revenues. n130 When Peru was forced to close Machu
Picchu for two months in 2010 due to heavy rains and landslides, it lost an
estimated $ 200-400 million from that two month closure alone. n131 Given these
numbers, it is not hard to believe GHF estimates that by 2025, "global heritage
sites can be a $ 100 billion a year opportunity for developing countries if
[*138]  a worldwide effort is made for their preservation and responsible
development." n132 Accordingly, as Jeff Morgan, the Executive Director of GHF,
argued, "global heritage sites generate extremely high economic asset values,
with some worth billions of dollars a year. These sites can help to greatly
diversify local economies beyond tourism and sustenance agriculture[,] reducing
dependency and alleviating poverty." n133

   V. Capacity of the proposed economic development
 solutions to end subsistence looting

   A. Challenges with the proposed initiatives

 These types of economic development solutions to subsistence looting all face
potential difficulties that might impact their effectiveness in combating
subsistence looting. Generally, any such economic development initiative will
need to ensure that the revenue generated by such programs actually goes back
into the local community and into protecting the community's cultural heritage.
This can be difficult in third world countries, where there is often widespread
bureaucratic corruption and a lack of transparency. Yet, in order for such
initiatives to achieve their goals, it will be necessary to structure any
archaeological development plans in such a way as to avoid "the bureaucratic
traps that arise when national and regional funding bypass local communities."
n134 If the local community is not receiving a large enough share of the
generated income, then the site will simply not offer enough of an economic
incentive for subsistence looters to turn away from looting and instead rely on
income generated from development of the site. As stated by Jeff Morgan of GHF,
"one of the biggest problems is the disconnect between local communities and
management of the sites. We think locals should get at least 30% of revenues.
Only then ... would cultural treasures ... be saved." n135 Thus, ensuring
sufficient local  [*139]  involvement in, and control over, these economic
development initiatives will be crucial to the success of any such program.
However, some of the programs proposed above face added difficulties.

   1. Microloan programs

 While microloan programs predicated on the submission of cultural objects to a
local museum such as the one instituted in Mali sound like a promising solution,
potential negative consequences can arise in connection with such programs. One
such potential negative effect is that these types of programs can actually
encourage, rather than prevent, looting. Offering a loan in exchange for
depositing a cultural item can incentivize some to go out and loot in order to
obtain an artifact that can be used to secure a loan. n136 "By equating an
object with monetary value - in this instance in the form of a loan - the object
is commodified." n137 This commodification gives the object a commercial value,
creating the same type of incentive that looting creates. As such, these types
of programs can face some of the same difficulties seen in "buy-back" programs,
which have the potential to encourage the looting they are established to
prevent. n138 Furthermore, these microlending and grant programs can also be
subject to abuse, and it will be important to ensure that the grants and loans
handed out are actually being used to improve the economic well-being of the
locals.

    [*140]  Additionally, while the Mali CultureBank is considered to be a
success overall, n139 it is unclear whether such a program will work to prevent
subsistence looting, or looting in general. The cultural objects turned in to
the local museum in Mali remained the property of the person turning them in -
"at no time in the process does the individual relinquish ownership of the
artefact." n140 However, with respect to objects of cultural heritage looted
from archaeological sites, ownership should properly be vested in the state.
n141 Yet, in Mali, ownership remained with the person turning the object in,
partly because most of the cultural items turned in to the museum were not
looted objects, but were family heirlooms that had been in local families for
generations. n142 Therefore, it is unclear how effective a similar program would
be in combating looting.

   Nonetheless, while microloan programs may not be effective at stopping
looting, they have proven effective at preventing the movement of cultural
artifacts outside the country of origin. While this is an important success on
its own, it is especially important in societies where the culture of the past
is still alive today, and still practiced by locals. Keeping cultural artifacts
in these communities, where they can continue to be used by locals and can
continue to help educate future generations, is essential to the continuance of
those communities' culture. Programs such as the Mali CultureBank help
communities preserve their culture by  [*141]  maintaining their collection of
cultural artifacts as "both an important cultural resource for the community and
an archive for future generations." n143

   Moreover, such programs have resulted in economic benefits to the community,
with locals using the loan funds to help generate income sources for their
families. The economic benefits and growth that the community has experienced is
evident by the fact that the Mali CultureBank is completely self-sufficient.
While this program started off making loans in 1997 with the help of an initial
grant from USAID Mali of $ 391, since 1999 the CultureBank has been completely
self-reliant, "generating loan funds exclusively from loan interest and revenues
from tourism without any outside donor assistance." n144 Any economic growth
which helps alleviate the financial stresses of a community will help reduce the
need to look for alternative sources of income, such as looting. Therefore,
while such microloan programs may not be the most focused approach to combating
subsistence looting, such initiatives can still help alleviate the poverty that
often leads to subsistence looting.

   2. Cultural tourism initiatives

 There are also potential drawbacks to cultural tourism initiatives, the most
significant of which is the overdevelopment of a site. It is important to ensure
that archaeological parks and other cultural heritage tourism initiatives are
truly sustainable. "When a community's heritage is the substance of what it
offers visitors, protecting that heritage is essential. So a major challenge in
cultural heritage tourism programs is ensuring that increased  [*142]  tourism
does not destroy the very qualities that attract visitors in the first place."
n145 The challenge will be to figure out how best to "monetize archaeological
resources to reduce looting and enable local economic development" n146 without
jeopardizing the archaeological resource itself.

   One way to ensure protection of the site is to ensure that enough of the
revenue generated by the site is actually reinvested in the maintenance and
protection of the site. As noted in a best practices guide issued by the
Archaeological Institute of America, in conjunction with Archaeology magazine
and the Adventure Travel Trade Association, "the popularity of archaeological
sites as tourist attractions makes them valuable sources of revenue, but
economic exploitation of sites is often not matched by reinvestment in proper
site management to ensure protection of sites and their continued enjoyment by
visitors." n147 Accordingly, the continued long-term viability of the
archaeological site as a tourist attraction is dependent upon the government
devoting an adequate amount of the revenue generated by the site to the upkeep
and preservation of the site itself.

   While ensuring that enough money is put back into the site itself can help
negate some of the pitfalls of cultural tourism, it will also be necessary for
the countries managing these sites to refrain from overdevelopment of the site.
Cultural tourism has "become a lucrative business" n148 with the potential to
generate very significant revenue streams for host countries. As noted by GHF,
"over 50 global heritage sites today each have annual revenues of over $ 100
million." n149 This level of revenue can tempt the host country to keep
developing the site in order to attract a never ending stream of tourists.
However, countries must ensure that any development of the site is conducted
with the integrity of the archaeological site in mind. The preservation and
protection of the site must be the  [*143]  main priority of any development
plans. Respect for, and inclusion of, the surrounding local communities
similarly needs to be an important element in any archaeological site
development plan. "Guidelines for sustainable tourism should respect the values,
ideals, and rights of the local communities that exist alongside the sites."
n150 Yet, the temptation to generate the maximum possible tourist revenue from a
site often leads to practices and development plans that do not have the best
interests of the site or the local communities in mind. n151

   This all too common situation is illustrated by the ongoing dispute over the
development of Cusco, Peru. Several development disputes concerning Cusco have
arisen over the years, including disputes over extending tourism to previously
"off limits" restricted zones of Coricancha, the Inca sun temple, allowing
visits on horseback to Sacsayhuaman, and allowing the construction of cable car
access to Machu Picchu. n152 This last dispute resulted in UNESCO threatening to
change the status of Machu Picchu as a world heritage site due to lack of proper
maintenance and care of the site. n153 Part of the problem with facilitating
increased tourist access to these sites is that tourists do not always act
appropriately and can cause significant damage to these vulnerable
archaeological sites. For instance, tourists have vandalized historic Maya cave
paintings and inscriptions in Najtunich, Guatemala, and caused damage to ancient
paintings in the caves at Altamira, Spain due to the introduction of  [*144]
microorganisms, humidity, and body heat. n154 As a result, the cave at Altamira
closed permanently to visitors in 2002. n155

   In addition to damage caused by the behavior of tourists, the sheer number of
tourists that visit a site can alone cause significant "wear and tear" to the
site. n156 Machu Picchu can barely manage the flow of tourist traffic it
currently sees, and historic sites in Petra, Jordan are deteriorating daily due
to being overrun by too many tourists. There have been suggestions that the
countries of origin actively try to divert tourists from very popular cultural
sites that are damaged or in danger of being damaged, to less visited sites. For
instance, Jeff Morgan of GHF has "urged Peru to funnel tourists away from Machu
Picchu, overrun by two million visitors a year, to lesser known sites which
could then earn revenue to protect their heritage." n157 This would not only
help lessen the damaging overflow of tourist traffic to the popular, well-known
sites, but would also direct tourists and their revenue generating habits to
these lesser known sites.

   This illustrates another potential limitation to cultural heritage tourism
initiatives: some archaeological and cultural sites are not highly susceptible
to being developed as a tourist attraction. Some sites are in remote areas that
would simply be too hard to reach, or are in areas that would not appeal to
tourists. Some sites themselves might not be attractive to tourists, either
because of their size, lack of known history, or unappealing appearance.
Therefore, cultural heritage tourism development initiatives simply would not be
able to benefit sites, nor the communities that surround them, which do not have
the characteristics that would lend themselves to being a good tourist
attraction. Nor will  [*145]  cultural tourism initiatives be able to benefit
sites that the country of origin simply has no interest in protecting, let alone
developing. Turkey is often accused of allowing Armenian historic and
archaeological sites to fall into ruin. The Taliban purposely destroyed the
Bamiyan Buddhas, and many other nations are accused of intentionally neglecting
sites and allowing them to deteriorate. If the country that has physical control
over the site has no interest in protecting or developing the site, cultural
tourism initiatives will never be able to help preserve those sites. Unless
other means of generating revenue for the local communities at these sites can
be developed, these sites will continue to be vulnerable to looters.

   Cultural tourism initiatives are also inescapably vulnerable to changes in
global economies. Helping locals develop an archaeological site into a tourist
attraction and build local businesses around that site is only a viable economic
model if tourists actually visit the site. The danger in making local
communities dependent on tourism, instead of looting, is that if tourism
declines, then the locals are once again left with no viable economic
alternative to looting. This is the case in Mali, where locals became dependent
on agriculture and tourism. However, travel warnings have often been issued for
Mali, including a current warning due to fighting in the country, which is
putting sites such as Timbuktu in danger. n158 These travel warnings can lead to
sharp declines in tourism, with a resulting loss of customers for local artisans
and business owners. The same thing can happen when global economies take a turn
for the worse, as happened with the financial crisis of 2008; global economies
took a sharp downward turn, unemployment numbers rose, and people stopped
spending money on trips, especially trips abroad. In its 2009 newsletter
discussing tourism trends in the U.S., under a headline reading "Cultural
Heritage Declines Predicted in Tourism Market[,]" the NASAA stated that "the
average number of leisure trips Americans take each year is decreasing... [and]
future travel expectations and spending expectations of leisure travelers show
[*146]  continued decline, primarily due to personal financial reasons and the
price of gasoline." n159 As noted by the NASAA, this decline "could present many
short-term challenges for cultural heritage tourism attractions and related
businesses." n160

   3. Grant Programs Have the Most Potential to End Subsistence Looting

 While grant programs have inherent difficulties of their own, n161 they
nevertheless represent the best available means of combating subsistence
looting. Grant programs have already shown real success, as demonstrated by the
successful development projects achieved by MOCHE, Inc. and SPI. The locals in
the villages where MOCHE, Inc. and SPI operate have not only seen the creation
of jobs, educational programs, and community health and safety services, but
have also been shown sustainable economic alternatives to looting. Such grant
programs, which predicate the economic value of a site on its preservation,
create the type of financial incentive that is necessary to get people to
protect instead of to loot. As the Cotsen Institute has noted, "existing
preservation paradigms have proved inadequate and unsustainable, primarily due
to the absence of an economic reason for local communities to continue
preserving sites after the departure of archaeologists and conservators." n162
Grant programs represent a new preservation paradigm that can provide this
economic motivation for conservation of a site.

    [*147]  However, as successful as programs such as MOCHE, Inc. and SPI have
been, such programs need to be instituted at a more widespread and larger scale
in order for them to have any substantial effects on subsistence looting. Larger
NGOs operating within the cultural heritage preservation field need to step in
and either support these programs or start their own preservation programs
focused on sustainable local economic development. More funding is necessary in
order to realize a larger impact. Currently, initiatives like MOCHE, Inc. and
SPI receive funding from universities, charitable organizations, micro-lenders,
and ad hoc donations. n163 Such initiatives need to expand their source of
funding, however, in order to make a bigger impact. Additionally, the focus of
such programs needs to be more global. Many preservation initiatives are focused
on Peru and Mali, for instance, but ignore neighboring countries like Nigeria
and Argentina, which are also suffering destruction to cultural sites due to
subsistence looting.

   Grant programs, whether they are tied to tourism initiatives or not, can help
local communities living near an archaeological site develop the site in such a
manner that will preserve the site while generating income and opportunities for
the community. The idea behind many of these grant programs is that "the
creation of local businesses with a vested interest in the preservation and
maintenance of a site provides an ongoing and long-term source of incentive and
funding for site preservation." n164 However, as recognized by the Cotsen
Institute itself, "mere successful implementation of a few projects will not
stem the destruction of the world's global heritage." n165 If these programs are
initiated on a much larger scale, however, subsistence looting can realistically
become a problem of the past. The growing trend of preservation programs
focusing on community development, and not just  [*148]  protection of the
physical site, is a sign that such a goal is on its way to being realized.

   B. Comparisons to Similar Approaches Used to Combat Other Global Problems

 Determining which economic approach to combating subsistence looting is the
most feasible can be aided by looking at how similar programs have dealt with
other global issues, such as environmental and wildlife conservation. Drawing
parallels can help determine which economic solutions might be best suited to
developing local communities while preserving their cultural heritage.

   1. Successful Ecotourism Initiatives

 Ecotourism has been successful in promoting environmental conservation, and
archaeotourism n166 has the potential to be just as effective at curtailing
looting. The ecotourism industry, promoting "ecologically friendly vacations[,]"
represents a billion dollar industry that is still growing. n167 In addition to
promoting environmentally conscious vacations, ecotourism has generated
substantial incomes for nations and has helped such nations preserve their
environmental resources. n168

   One such success is the Guanacaste National Park in Costa Rica. An economic
and industrial boom in Costa Rica led to the decline of Costa Rica's ecological
resources, including its forests. n169 While there was increased importance
placed on preserving Costa Rica's natural resources internationally, "the local
populations remained dependent on the agricultural market that contributed to
the deforestation." n170 However, working with the local  [*149]  communities,
Dan Janzen, Ph.D., of the University of Pennsylvania, "created an innovative
conservation program for the Guanacaste region, establishing a 75,000-hectare
n171 reserve in the late 1980s." n172 This program involved giving local
residents "compensation for the land that was included within a national park,"
and encouraging locals "to become wardens, caretakers, and research assistants."
n173 This resulted in "those who were once part of the destruction - whether
farmers, ranchers, or poachers - " being brought into the program and becoming
part of the solution. n174 "Subsequently, the national park has generated new
income, employment, and opportunities for the surrounding community. The
Guanacaste National Park has become a center for Costa Rican tourism, as well as
a model of how to create a sustainable link between conservation and economic
and social stability." n175

   2. Successful Wildlife Conservation Initiatives

 Similar methods of focusing on economic community development have proven
successful in protecting wildlife by giving poachers an economic incentive to
protect instead of to kill. Dale Lewis, a biologist who has worked and lived in
Zambia for almost thirty years, launched the Community Markets for Conservation
(COMACO) initiative in 2001. n176 COMACO operates by trying to combat the
economic incentives offered by poaching with the allure of organic farming, "a
safer, more consistent alternative." n177 This is an innovative approach to
[*150]  wildlife conservation, one that takes a different focus than
conventional conservation methods which focus on protecting the threatened
wildlife from the locals, usually by creating and safeguarding wildlife
reserves. n178 Lewis, however, after realizing that he "could have told you all
the vital statistics of an elephant, but not the vital statistics of the people
who lived with an elephant," decided that the better approach was to, "instead
of helping the animals that are being hunted, help the people who are doing the
hunting." n179 As Lewis explained, "once you really begin to know what ... [the
poachers are] up against, you can really begin to understand [their behavior]"
and once you understand their behavior, "you can change it." n180 Accordingly,
Lewis sought to "save wildlife by improving the livelihoods of local people,
giving them an economic incentive to give up poaching." n181

   Villagers who join COMACO agree not to poach and pledge to protect the land,
including by giving up destructive practices such as "slash-and-burn" farming.
n182 In return, villagers receive training in sustainable agriculture, including
for example, training on organic bee-keeping techniques. n183 Participating
villagers join together to form farming co-ops, whose produce COMACO agrees to
buy at a higher-than-normal price and markets at local stores in Zambia under
the organization's "It's Wild" brand name. n184 COMACO monitors participating
villages; "villages that see elevated poaching rates, or evidence of erosion,
earn visits from Lewis's staff." n185 As Lewis phrases the interplay between the
organization and participating villages, "if you do certain things, we'll
provide certain things ... We work together, and see if we're all better off."
n186

    [*151]  COMACO has already proven to be a success. Since its launch in 2001,
40,000 villagers have joined COMACO, 800 guns and more than 40,000 wire snares
have been turned in to COMACO, many former poachers have been retrained as
wildlife guides, and poaching rates have declined. n187 The wire traps used by
the former poachers are themselves being refashioned by a local jeweler into
necklaces and bracelets marketed as "Snarewear" and sold on COMACO's website.
n188

   There are many parallels between poaching and looting. Like subsistence
looters, villagers who turn to poaching are often simply trying to lift
themselves out of poverty. For instance, "for villagers in Zambia's Luangwa
Valley ... poaching can represent the best -sometimes only- way to pull
themselves out of poverty. A farmer on his own might make $ 75 in a year - a
good poacher, thanks to growing demand for ivory in Asia, might pull in over $
300." n189 The sustainable, alternative careers that villagers are retrained for
offer a more promising and sustainable economic future. As Lewis noted, "these
are better ways of making an income [than hunting]...If we can make sure that
fathers don't teach their sons how to kill, poaching won't go on." n190 Lewis'
work is sponsored by the Wildlife Conservation Society, and there are
opportunities for cultural heritage NGOs to sponsor similar programs in the
cultural preservation field.

   VI. Conclusion

 "Financial innovations may be able to address the economic desperation at both
the local and national levels, and contribute to the education of the
international community to encourage appreciation of its collective cultural
history." n191 Such economic approaches to subsistence looting provide a means
of generating "sustainable revenue to provide incentives to decrease the looting
[*152]  and illegal sale [of cultural artifacts,]" n192 and increase the
community's understanding of, and appreciation for, the archaeological evidence
of their cultural past. As was noted by the Milken Institute, "it is through
helping those on the ground that the most significant change can occur." n193

   While perhaps it is true that the "willingness of collectors (including
museums and educational institutions) to turn a blind eye to the issue of
archaeological find-spot and artefact pedigree ensures that the demand for
looted items continues[,]" n194 this does not mean that all looting can never be
stopped. Subsistence looting, which still constitutes a large percentage of the
looting that is done in developing nations, can be completely eradicated.
Looting that is done solely for purposes of generating an income can be
prevented by offering an economically beneficial alternative to looting. "Even
small local economic benefits can compete successfully with looting." n195 By
focusing on the subsistence looters themselves, and the real motivation behind
their looting, the global community can work together to preserve the world's
cultural heritage sites by improving the welfare of the communities who live
around these sites. These local communities represent the people best equipped
to preserve such sites, n196 and it is only by helping them through sustainable
economic development programs that they will no longer need to view the site as
an expendable economic resource.

   As one Italian tombarolo (tomb-robber) lamented, "the government won't help
us. Cigarette smugglers are offered work if they give up smuggling n197 ... But
for tomb-robbers there's nothing on offer, no incentive for us to stop looting."
n198 The  [*153]  economic solutions discussed herein can provide that incentive
and give tombaroli and subsistence looters everywhere a reason to stop looting.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansFishing & Hunting RightsGovernmentsNative
AmericansProperty Rights

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Rory Carroll & Matthew Barker, Looters Strip Latin America of
Archaeological Heritage, The Guardian, Mar. 21, 2011, available at
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/21/looters-latin-america-archaeological
-heritage.





n2.  For a discussion of other motives behind looting, see Morag M. Kersel,
Transcending Borders: Objects on the Move, 3 Archaeologies: J. World
Archaeological Cong. 81 (2007).





n3.  See Milken Institute, Financial Innovations for Developing Archaeological
Discovery and Conservation, 7 Fin.l Innovations Lab Rep. 1, 2, 5 (2008).





n4.  Neil Brodie, Jenny Doole & Peter Watson, Stealing History: The Illicit
Trade in Cultural Material, 2000 McDonald Inst. for Archaeological Res. 1, 1.





n5.  Id. at 5.





n6.  Patty Gerstenblith, Controlling the International Market in Antiquities:
Reducing the Harm, Preserving the Past, 8 Chi. J. Int'l L. 169, 169 (2007).





n7.  Carroll, supra note 1.





n8.  Global Heritage Fund, Saving Our Vanishing Heritage: Safeguarding
Endangered Cultural Heritage Sites in the Developing World 6 (2010) [hereinafter
GHF Report].





n9.  Id. at 27.





n10.  Id. at 23.





n11.  Brodie, Doole & Watson, supra note 4, at 10. As used in the archaeology
context, stratigraphical layers refers to "vertical sections through the earth
showing the relative positions of the human artefacts and therefore the
chronology of successive levels of occupation." Stratigraphical Definition,
Dictionary.com, dictionary.reference.com/browse/stratigraphical (last visited
Oct, 17, 2012).





n12.  Gerstenblith, supra note 6, at 171-72.





n13.  Kersel, supra note 2, at 85.





n14.  Carroll, supra note 1.





n15.  Gerstenblith, supra note 6, at 170-172.





n16.  See generally Roger Atwood, Stealing History: Tomb Raiders, Smugglers, and
the Looting of the Ancient World (2004).





n17.  Brodie, Doole & Watson supra note 4, at 13. See also Cristina Ruiz, My
Life as a Tombarolo, The Art Newspaper, Mar. 2000, at 36 (underscoring the
importance of context by declaring that "what matters most is saving the
archaeological information that burial hoards contain, not the recovery of the
artefacts in themselves."); Adel H. Yahya, Looting and "Salvaging" the Heritage
of Palestine, 2 Present Pasts 26, (2010), available at
http://www.presentpasts.info/article/view/pp.26/48 ("Today's archaeology is not
about collecting objects but rather about collecting contextual data, which
these practices [illegal excavations] are destroying at an alarming rate.").





n18.  Yahya, supra note 17.





n19.  GHF Report, supra note 8, at 23 ("Art monuments are actually being
destroyed in order to gain fragments for the market: temple complexes are being
looted, sculptures decapitated, frescoes cut up.") (quoting the International
Council on Monuments and Sites' 2005 Heritage@Risk report) (internal quotation
marks omitted).





n20.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 1 (citation omitted). Since
transactions in the black market in illicit artifacts are not openly reported,
it is impossible to accurately estimate the actual scale of this market. Charles
Q. Choi, NY Mummy Smugglers Reveal Vast Antiquities Black Market, LiveScience,
July 26, 2011,
http://www.livescience.com/15234-ny-mummy-smugglers-reveal-vast-antiquities-blac
k-market.html. This difficulty is evidenced by widely divergent estimates,
ranging from $ 2 to $ 6 billion. Id. See, e.g., Brodie, Doole & Watson, supra
note 4, at 23 (noting that "because the trade is clandestine, reliable data is
hard to find" and as such, estimates have ranged from $ 150 million to $ 2
billion).





n21.  See, e.g., Ancient Art and Antiquities, Christie's,
http://christies.com/departments/antiquities/ (last visited Apr. 30, 2012)
(noting the world record price of $ 16,882,500 for a Cycladic figure, sold in
New York in 2010).





n22.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 23 ("While attempting to quell the
desire to own a piece of the past may prove impossible, much can be done to
regulate the supply."). See also Yahya, supra note 18 (noting that "consumers
are the main contributors to this destructive phenomenon [looting]. They
encourage looting by creating a market demand for antiquities, and are therefore
as guilty, if not more so, as the looters themselves.").





n23.  See Kimberly L. Alderman, Honor Amongst Thieves: Organized Crime and the
Illicit Antiquities Trade, 45 Ind. L. Rev. 601, 607 (2012) (noting that David
Matsuda estimated that 97-99% of illicit excavations in Central America are
carried out by local subsistence diggers). Organized looting is also the most
destructive type of looting, with organized looters using "bulldozers, dynamite,
and pneumatic drills" to completely destroy a site in the process of looking for
saleable pieces of history. See Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 7 (quotation
marks and citation omitted).





n24.  See Carroll, supra note 1; see generally Atwood, supra note 16.





n25.  Yahya, supra note 18. Yahya also noted that, at least in Palestine,
"looting grows at the same rate as unemployment." Id.





n26.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 2 (citation omitted).





n27.  David Matsuda, The Ethics of Archaeology, Subsistence Digging, and
Artifact Looting in Latin America: Point, Muted Counterpoint, 7 Int'l J.
Cultural Prop. 87, 91 (1998). While many of the available statistics regarding
subsistence looting are several years old, the studies by David Matsuda on this
subject remain some of the most comprehensive and oft cited studies of
subsistence looting, and remain important and valuable resources.





n28.  Id. at 88 n.9.





n29.  Id. at 91.





n30.  In 1971, the U.S. Congress passed the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act,
which extinguished all present or future claims of aboriginal title by Alaska
Natives and replaced it with corporate status. Julie Hollowell, St. Lawrence
Island's Legal Market in Archaeological Goods, available at
http://www.alaskanartifacts.com/SLI_LegalMarket_S ubsistanceDigging.htm. Anyone
with 25% or more Alaska Native blood was entitled to enroll as a stockholder in
one of thirteen regional corporations and in one of 220 village corporations.
See generally Richard S. Jones, Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971
(Public Law 92-203): History and Analysis Together with Subsequent Amendments,
Report No. 81-127 GOV, Inst. Soc. & Econ. Res., (June 1, 1981) available at
http://www.alaskool.org/projects/ancsa/reports/rsjones1981/ancs a_history71.htm.
These Native corporations received 40 million acres of land and $ 962,500,000,
which they were now responsible for investing and managing like any other
corporate asset. Id. Today this land is private property, and is managed by the
Native corporations for the benefit of their indigenous stockholders. Id.





n31.  David P. Staley, St. Lawrence Island's Subsistence Diggers: A New
Perspective on Human Effects on Archaeological Sites, 20 J. Field Archaeology
347, 348 (1993); Hollowell, supra note 30.





n32.  Hollowell, supra note 30.





n33.  Staley, supra note 31, at 349. In land claim negotiations, the two Alaska
Native Village corporations of St. Lawrence Island refused a large monetary
settlement and chose instead to acquire title to their entire island. Hollowell,
supra note 30. The entire island is thus privately owned and is managed by the
two Alaska Native Village corporations for their indigenous shareholders. Id.
While some Alaska Native corporations prohibit artifact digging, the two St.
Lawrence Island Native Village corporations permit shareholders to dig for
artifacts, within the parameter of rules governing how people can stake a claim
to sites. Id. Some estimates indicate that approximately $ 1,000,000 worth of
archaeological bone, ivory, and artifacts are sold from St. Lawrence Island
every year. Id.





n34.  See Hollowell, supra note 30; Staley, supra note 31, at 352.





n35.  See Alderman, supra note 23, at 606 n.28; Staley, supra note 31, at 348.





n36.  See Kersel, supra note 2, at 87; Hollowell, supra note 30.





n37.  While this paper focuses only on those who loot due to financial
motivations, it will be necessary to understand and discuss the cultural and
social aspects of, and justifications for, looting in order to fully understand
the subsistence digging phenomenon. Such justifications and societal beliefs,
discussed later in the paper, will impact the formulation of an effective
solution to subsistence looting done by those with purely financial motivations.





n38.  See Matsuda, supra note 27, at 93; Arthur Miller, Archaeological Looting:
A New Approach to the Problem, 24 Expedition 35, 38 (1982) (stating that since
"local residents of remote areas where archaeological sites are located... are
usually poor, and may be offered a year's income for one polychrome vessel,
their temptation is not difficult to understand.").





n39.  Matsuda, supra note 27, at 90.





n40.  GHF Report, supra note 8, at 7.





n41.  The World Fact Book: Peru, Cent. Intelligence Agency,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/pe.html (last
visited Apr. 30, 2012) (2010 estimates). The CIA World Factbook page on Peru
also highlights the additional problems that indigenous communities in these
developing countries of origin often face. These populations, which are often
made up of descendants of those who created these archaeological and cultural
sites, are often isolated and face discrimination by the majority governments.
Accordingly, while the CIA statistics note that Peru's economy has been growing,
leading to a decrease in its national poverty rate, "poor infrastructure hinders
the spread of growth to Peru's non-coastal areas," and "inequality persists" in
the sharing of the benefits of Peru's growth. Id.





n42.  The World Factbook: Belize, Cent. Intelligence Agency,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/bh.html (last
visited Apr. 30, 2012) (2010 estimates); GHF Report, supra note 8, at 23
(stating that "73 percent of major Mayan archaeological sites have been
pillaged.").





n43.  The World Factbook: Afghanistan, Cent. Intelligence Agency,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/af.html (last
visited Apr. 30, 2012) (2008/2009 estimates).





n44.  The World Factbook: Mali, Cent. Intelligence Agency,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/ml.html (last
visited Apr. 30, 2012) (2005 estimates).





n45.  The World Factbook: Guatemala, Cent. Intelligence Agency,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/gt.html (last
visited Apr. 30, 2012) (2011 estimates).





n46.  Id.





n47.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 6 (citation omitted).





n48.  Id.





n49.  Matsuda, supra note 27, at 91; see also Kersel, infra note 95, at 263
(listing a "number of factors affecting the decision to loot: high unemployment;
a lack of awareness of the importance of cultural heritage; archaeological sites
that are viewed as an impediment to growth and development; and the prevailing
attitude of local inhabitants that unearthed artifacts are a legitimate source
of income." (citing Ghazi Bisheh, former Director of the Jordanian Department of
Antiquities)).





n50.  Alderman, supra note 23, at 607.





n51.  Ruiz, supra note 17.





n52.  Matsuda, supra note 27, at 88.





n53.  Sustainable Preservation Initiative, Archaeological Inst. Am.,
http://www.archaeological.org/sitepreservation/spi (last visited Apr. 30, 2012).





n54.  Matsuda, supra note 27, at 87.





n55.  Id. at 88.





n56.  Id.





n57.  Brodie, Doole & Watson, supra note 4, at 14.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 19.





n60.  Gerstenblith, supra note 6, at 169.





n61.  See Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 7 (citing Neil Brodie, Pity the
Poor Middleman, Culture Without Context (Illicit Antiquities Research Ctr.,
Cambridge, U.K.), Autumn 1998, at 4, available at
http://www.mcdonald.cam.ac.uk/projects/iarc/culturewithoutconte
xt/issue3/brodie.htm). See also Yahya, supra note 18 ("It is usually the
middlemen and dealers who retain the lion's share of the profits."); Ruiz, supra
note 17 (one Italian tomb-robber was well aware of the disparity in profits made
between himself and the middleman, stating "I estimate that this guy sells the
stuff for 10 times what he paid me. Let me put it this way: he drives a
Mercedes, I drive a Fiat Panda.").





n62.  GHF Report, supra note 8, at 7.





n63.  Id. at 5.





n64.  Id.





n65.  See Who We Are, MOCHE, Inc., http://www.savethemoche.org/aboutus (last
visited April 30, 2012); Peru and the Moche Valley, MOCHE, Inc.,
http://www.savethemoche.org/peruandthe mochevalley.html (last visted Apr. 30,
2012). There are only about seventy households in Ciudad de Dios. See Public
Health and Sanitation-Summer 2012, MOCHE, INC.,
http://www.savethemoche.org/sanitation2012.html (last visited Nov. 27, 2012).





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id.





n68.  Id. While $ 1200 may seem like an insignificant amount of money, when this
program was first started, Ciudad de Dios was so small that it was not
recognized by the local government and lacked even basic services, such as
sanitation and water services. Id. Additionally, "what is considered a small sum
in the west might be a substantial amount in a hard-pressed subsistence
economy." Brodie, Doole & Watson, supra note 4, at 14.





n69.  Id.





n70.  Id.





n71.  Id.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Peru and the Moche Valley, MOCHE Inc., http://www.savethemoche.org
/peruandthemochevalley (last visited Apr. 30, 2012).





n74.  Cerro Blanco Water Project, MOCHE, Inc.,
http://www.savethemoche.org/cerroblancowater.html (last visited Apr. 30, 2012).





n75.  Sustainable Preservation Initiative, Archaeological Inst. Am.,
http://www.archaeological.org/sitepreservation/spi (last visited Apr. 30, 2012).
SPI was developed by Larry Coben at the UCLA Cotsen Institute of Archaeology and
the Archaeological Institute of America. Id.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  San Jose de Moro Water, Peru, Sustainable Preservation Initiative,
http://sustainablepreservation.org/projects/san-jose-de-moro-peru/ (last visited
Nov. 27, 2012).





n81.  Id.





n82.  Id.





n83.  Id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  San Jose de Moro Water, Peru, Sustainable Preservation Initiative,
http://sustainablepreservation.org/projects/san-jose-de-moro-peru/ (last visited
Nov. 27, 2012).





n87.  Id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  Id. (quoting Luis Jaime Castillo, a professor at Pontificia Universidad
Catolica del Peru and the director of the San Jose de Moro Archaeological
Program, which began in 1991).





n90.  Site Preservation, Archaeological Inst. of Am.,
http://www.archaeological.org/sitepreservation/projects (last visited Apr. 30,
2012).





n91.  Id.





n92.  Ambassadors Fund for Cultural Preservation, Bureau Cultural& Educ. Aff.,
U.S. Dep't St., http://exchanges.state.gov/heritage/afcp.html (last visited Apr.
30, 2012).





n93.  Searchable Project List, Bureau Cultural& Educ. Aff., U.S. Dep't St.,
http://eca.state.gov/culprop/afcp/project_listings/index.cfm (last visited Apr.
30, 2012).





n94.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 1 (citation omitted).





n95.  Morag M. Kersel, The Value of a Looted Object: Stakeholder Perceptions in
the Antiquities Trade, in The Oxford Handbook of Public Archaelogy 265-266
(Robin Skeates, Carol McDavid & John Carman eds,, 2012) (citations omitted).





n96.  Kersel, supra note 95, at 266.





n97.  Mali's Unique CultureBank Finances Local Economy While Preserving Dogon
Cultural Heritage, Hopebuilding, hopebuiling.pbworks.com (search for "Mali's
Unique CultureBank"; then follow hyperlink) (last visited Nov. 12, 2012)
[hereinafter Hopebuilding].





n98.  Kersel, supra note 95, at 266.





n99.  See id.





n100.  Id.





n101.  Id.





n102.  Hopebuilding, supra note 97.





n103.  Id.





n104.  Id.





n105.  Kersel, supra note 95, at 266.





n106.  Id. at 266-267.





n107.  Id. at 267.





n108.  Id.





n109.  Id.





n110.  Teresa L. Hoffman, Mary L. Kwas & Helaine Silverman, Heritage Tourism and
Public Archaeology, SAA Archaeological Rec., March 2002, at 30.





n111.  The NASAA is a nonprofit, membership organization whose "mission is to
strengthen [U.S.] state arts agencies." See About NASAA, Nat'l Assembly St. Arts
Agencies, http://www.nasaa-arts.org/About/About-NASAA.php (last visited Apr. 30,
2012).





n112.  See Cultural Visitor Profile, Nat'l Assembly St. Arts Agencies,
http://www.nasaa-arts.org/Research/Key-Topics/Creative-Economic-Development/Cult
ural-Visitor-Profile.php. (last updated Jan. 7, 2004).





n113.  Did You Know...?, NASAA Notes (Nat'l Assembly St. Arts Agencies, D.C.),
Mar. 2009, available at http://www.enewsbuilder.net/nasaanotes
/e_article001366550.cfm?x=bdrJ70L,b7vjbfgn,w [hereinafter NASAA Notes].





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id. Statistics from a 2008 study indicate that only "70.3% of all
American leisure travelers participated in at least one aspect of cultural
heritage tourism in the past year." Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Hoffman, Kwas & Silverman, supra note 108, at 30.





n118.  Getting Started: How to Succeed in Cultural Heritage Tourism, Cultural
Heritage Tourism, www.culturalheritagetourism.org/ howToGetStarted.htm (last
visited Mar. 3, 2012).





n119.  Id.





n120.  Archaeological Inst. Am., Archaeology Magazine & Adventure Travel Trade
Ass'n, A Guide to Best Practices 4 (2010) available at
http://aia.archaeological.org/pdfs/AIATourismGuidelines.pdf [hereinafter AIA
Guide].





n121.  Id.





n122.  Id.





n123.  Hoffman, Kwas & Silverman, supra note 108, at 30.





n124.  Sustainable Preservation Initiative: Saving Sites by Transforming Lives,
UCLA Cotsen Inst.Archaeology, www.ioa.ucla.edu/resources/SPI (last visited Apr.
30, 2012).





n125.  See AIA Guide, supra note 118, at 4 (noting that "of the numerous
benefits of archaeological tourism, revenue is one of the most significant ...
Tourism ... supports the local retail businesses (hotels, restaurants, local
crafts, and souvenir stores) and provides numerous job opportunities, including
the recruiting and training of guides and interpreters.").





n126.  Hoffman, Kwas & Silverman supra note 108, at 31.





n127.  See Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 19.





n128.  Id. at 21.





n129.  Over 24 million people visited the Great Wall of China, 2.5 million
visited Angkor, Cambodia, 1.6 million visited Petra, Jordan, and close to two
million tourists visited Machu Picchu in Peru. Global Heritage Fund, Economic
Impact-Global Heritage Tourism Revenues in Developing and Emerging Countries and
Regions 1 (2010), available at
http://globalheritagefund.org/images/uploads/docs/GHFVanishingV
alueofHeritageDatabase102010.pdf.





n130.  Id.





n131.  Id.





n132.  GHF Report, supra note 8, at 8.





n133.  Id. at 5.





n134.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 19 (citation omitted).





n135.  Carroll, supra note 1.





n136.  See Kersel, supra note 95, at 268 (study assessing the impact of the
CultureBank did not reveal whether people were still actively looting, "perhaps
even in order to gain access to loans from the CultureBank.").





n137.  Id.





n138.  While this potential to encourage looting does theoretically exist, a
team from the Penn Cultural Heritage Center (Penn CHC) which visited Mali in
2008 to conduct an initial assessment of cultural heritage sites and related
resources in Mali, did not find evidence that the CultureBank was contributing
to looting, although it also did not find evidence that the Culture Bank was
halting looting. E-mail from Brian I. Daniels, Dir., Penn Cultural Heritage
Ctr., to author (May 6, 2012) (on file with the author).





n139.  See Kersel, supra note 95, at 268; but see Brian I. Daniels, Sasha F.
Renniger, Joseph Isaac & Richard M. Leventhal, Penn Cultural Heritage Ctr.,
Position Paper in Support of the Renewal of a Memorandum of Understanding with
the Republic of Mali Under the Convention on Cultural Property Implementation
Act (2012) ("The "Culture Banks' program offers an intriguing means of
addressing the economic dynamics of looting. However, it awaits a thorough
assessment of its successes and ongoing challenges.").





n140.  Kersel, supra note 95, at 266.





n141.  Not only should ownership be vested in the state, but if the state has a
national ownership or patrimony law in place, then the looted artifact may
already be legally owned by the state. See e.g., United States v. Schultz, 333
F.3d 393 (2d. Cir. 2003). Typically, national ownership laws, also referred to
as national patrimony laws, operate to vest ownership of ancient artifacts in
the government of the country where such artifacts are found. Id.





n142.  See Hopebuilding, supra note 97.





n143.  Id.





n144.  Id. However, not all the culture banks in Mali have achieved this level
of self-reliance. As noted by a 2008 Penn CHC report, the culture bank in the
town of Foloni in Mali receives only about twenty visitors, both foreign and
local, a month, which is "clearly not enough to sustain this entity as a museum
or to try to create its own funding that would be independent of any outside
source for its micro-loans." Ismael Maiga, Lynn Meskell, David Freidel, Carolyn
& Richard M. Leventhal, Background Assessment of Cultural Resources in the
Republic of Mali, in Penn Cultural Heritage Ctr., Initial Assessment of Cultural
Heritage Resources in Mali (2008).





n145.  Cultural Heritage Tourism, supra note 118.





n146.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 6.





n147.  AIA Guide, supra note 120, at 1; see also GHF Report, supra note 8, at 9
(noting that "hundreds of sites are endangered and experiencing ongoing neglect
and unchecked deterioration.").





n148.  AIA Guide, supra note 120, at 3.





n149.  GHF Report, supra note 8, at 8.





n150.  AIA Guide, supra note 120, at 4.





n151.  Development pressures due to efforts to increase tourism in general, or
tourism related to other sites or events in the country, can also lead to the
destruction of historic sites that are deemed to be less valuable. For example,
China, in preparing for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, razed many square kilometers
of historic neighborhoods surrounding the Forbidden City in order to make room
for skyscrapers and hotels. GHF Report, supra note 8, at 19. Similar destruction
of historic cities and buildings to make room for modern skyscrapers and hotels
has also occurred in Peru, Saudi Arabia, and many other countries. Id.





n152.  Hoffman, Kwas & Silverman, supra note 110, at 32.





n153.  Id.





n154.  AIA Guide, supra note 120, at 3, 5.





n155.  Id. at 3.





n156.  Id. (noting that while "archaeological tourism raises awareness of our
shared cultural heritage and encourages people to visit archaeological sites and
historical places," it also "subjects these precious resources to increased
stress."). This Guide also argues that "the growth in tourism to archaeological
sites has not been counter-balanced by appropriate revisions to guidelines and
laws that mandate "good practices' for visiting sites." Id. Accordingly, "this
largely unregulated tourism has led to the deterioration and destruction of
sites." Id.





n157.  Carroll, supra note 1.





n158.  See Mali's Timbuktu and Askia Tomb Put on UNESCO Danger List, BBC News
Africa (June 28, 2012), available at
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-18626033.





n159.  NASAA Notes, supra note 111.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Perhaps one of the biggest potential difficulties affecting the success
of grant programs is their reliance on tourism initiatives. Grant programs that
focus on developing tourism-related business and jobs, such as those run by SPI
and GHF, will necessarily have to deal with some of the same difficulties that
arise with tourism initiatives. By making the economic development of the local
community dependent on tourism to the site, these grant programs run the risk
that any decrease in tourism to the site will result in the loss of the economic
incentive not to loot. These types of grant programs will also need to address
the same maintenance and conservation concerns that tourism initiatives must
grapple with.





n162.  UCLA Cotsen Inst. Archaeology, supra note 124.





n163.  See Saving the Past by Investing in the Future, MOCHE, Inc.,
http://savethemoche.org/ (last visited Oct. 17, 2012); Our Mission, Sustainable
Preservation Initiative, http://sustainablepreservation.org/
about-us/our-mission/ (last visited Oct. 17, 2012).





n164.  Archaeological Inst. Am., supra note 75,





n165.  Sustainable Preservation Initiative, supra note 163.





n166.  While sometimes used interchangeably with cultural tourism,
archaeotourism is more specifically used to refer to tourism to archaeological
sites.





n167.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 20.





n168.  Id.





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id.





n171.  A hectare is a "unit of surface, or land, measure equal to ... 10,000
square meters" and equivalent to 2.471 acres. Hectare Definition,
Dictionary.com, http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/hectare?s=t (last visited
Oct. 17, 2012).





n172.  Milken Institute, supra note 3 at 20.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Id.





n176.  See Bryan Walsh, Eco-Bargain: Save Animals, Reduce Poverty, Time, Feb. 1,
2008, available at http://www.time.com/time/health/
article/0,8599,1709186,00.html.





n177.  Id.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id.





n180.  Id.





n181.  Id.





n182.  Walsh, supra note 176.





n183.  Id.





n184.  Id.





n185.  Id.





n186.  Id.





n187.  Id.





n188.  Walsh, supra note 176.





n189.  Id.





n190.  Id.





n191.  Milken Institute, supra note 3, at 6.





n192.  Id. at 19.





n193.  Id. at 23.





n194.  Kersel, supra note 95, at 261.





n195.  UCLA Cotsen Inst.Archaeology, supra note 124.





n196.  See GHF Report, supra note 8, at 13 ("Local communities will always be
the best stewards of their natural and cultural heritage, and the cultural
heritage sites provide the economic engine that enables larger-scale nature
conservation.").





n197.  This is a reference to a 1992 "proposal to grant amnesty and guaranteed
work to those involved in selling contraband cigarettes." Ruiz, supra note 17.





n198.  Id.


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Hoeven Announces $6.4 Million in USDA Loans and Grants to Support Rural Business
in North Dakota

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded nearly $6.4 million in loans and grants to support rural
business activities in North Dakota. The funds are made available through two
USDA programs, the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Program and
the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), which were continued by
the 2014 farm bill.

The REDLG Program provides zero-interest loans to local utilities, which then
relend the funds to local businesses to boost economic growth in rural
communities. Through RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to support microloans for the start-up or development of
businesses with 10 or fewer employees. RMAP also makes grants available for MDOs
to provide technical assistance and training, particularly in rural areas
experiencing persistent poverty or significant outmigration.

"As North Dakota's economy continues to expand, from the oil patch to Fargo, we
have many opportunities to grow and diversify our economy," said Hoeven. "These
USDA loans and grants help our businesses act on opportunities in our smaller
communities that might otherwise not be realized. Such investments help enhance
our state's economy, providing our resident's with jobs and helping to sustain
our economic growth into the future."

The loans and grants are awarded as follows:

West River Veterinary Clinic, PC - $2 million - This loan, made through Northern
Plains Electric Cooperative, will help build a new, modern clinic in Hettinger.
    Gooseneck Implement - $2 million - These two loans, made through SRT
Communications and Verendrye Electric Cooperative, will help construct a farm
equipment facility in Velva.
    Dakota Spirit AgEnergy, LLC- $1 million - This loan, made through the
Northern Plains Electric Cooperative, will support the construction a
65-million-gallon-per-year ethanol plant in Jamestown.
    S&S Grain, Inc. - $775,000 - This loan, made through Nodak Electric
Cooperative, Inc., will support the purchase and renovation of a building for
grain drying, handling and storage in Walhalla.
    Oyate Community Development Corporation - $500,000 loan and $105,000 grant -
These funds will be used to capitalize a rural revolving loan fund to make
microloans to very small businesses.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

A review of 2014 at Employment and Social Development Canada

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Ottawa


Office of the MP Cathy McLeod, Canadian Government has issued the following news
release:

The Government of Canada's Jobs Agenda will help ensure Canadians have the
skills and training needed in the labour market and will help overcome the
paradox of too many Canadians without jobs and too many jobs without people.

To confront this challenge, in 2014 the Government took action by:

working with the provinces and territories to deliver the Canada Job Grant, an
innovative, employer-driven approach to help Canadians gain the skills and
training they need to fill available jobs;
 overhauling the Temporary Foreign Worker Program, ensuring that the program is
being used, as intended, to fill labour shortages on a temporary basis and that
Canadians are first in line for available jobs;
 starting January, the new Canada Apprentice Loan offers up to $4,000
interest-free per period of Red Seal technical training to help you complete
your apprenticeship;
 harmonizing the apprenticeship requirements in six new trades across the
Atlantic provinces, for which the Government of Canada provided over $4.3
million in funding;
 introducing a new generation of Labour Market Agreement for Persons with
Disabilities to improve employment prospects for Canadians with disabilities and
meet the needs of Canadian businesses; and
 renewing and expanding the Targeted Initiative for Older Workers initiative to
help older workers in communities with tighter labour markets develop the skills
needed to fill vacant jobs.

The Government of Canada also launched a new Panel on Employment Challenges of
New Canadians as part of the action plan to improve foreign credential
recognition for internationally trained professionals. As of 2014, the
Government continues to provide financial support to improve credential
recognition in 24 target occupations that represent over 80 percent of
newcomers. Action taken to date includes a microloans pilot project to help
internationally trained workers cover the cost of having their credentials
recognized. To date, more than 1,400 skilled newcomers have benefitted from
these microloans.

The Government of Canada continues to provide further support to youth by
offering tax credits, such as the tuition, education and textbook tax credits,
the tradesperson's tools deduction and the Apprenticeship Job Creation Tax
Credit.

September 2014 marked 500,000 apprenticeship grants issued to help young
Canadians pursue careers in the skilled trades, a significant milestone in the
Government's Jobs Agenda.

The Government of Canada is also investing in Aboriginal labour market programs.
Since 2010, the Aboriginal Skills and Employment Training Strategy has helped
over 68,000 Aboriginal people find a job and over 32,000 return to school. The
Skills and Partnership Fund has helped over 6,300 Aboriginal people find a job,
and that number is expected to grow to 8,000 to 10,000 by March 2015.

As collaboration on skills development is key to addressing labour market needs,
Minister Kenney:

helped start a national conversation by hosting the first annual skills summit,
which brought together experts from across Canada to explore how to better link
skills training and education with current and future labour market demand; and
 took a leadership role by co-chairing the Forum of Labour Market Ministers
(FLMM) twice this year. The FLMM made progress on improving labour market
information, harmonizing apprenticeship programs and helping new Canadians get
their credentials recognized.

In 2015, the Government of Canada will continue to ensure Canadians have the
skills in demand today and in the future while also enhancing the participation
of under-represented groups in the workforce.

In the coming months, two new innovative online tools will be launched: the
Career Choice Tool and an enhanced Job Match service. The Career Choice tool
will provide more and better information on the benefits of working in various
occupations and promote good careers in such high-demand fields as science,
technology, engineering, mathematics and the skilled trades. The Job Match
service will connect unemployed Canadians with employers in their region who are
seeking workers with their skill set.
Quick Facts

The Canadian Chamber of Commerce lists skills shortages as one of Canada's top
10 barriers to competitiveness.
 For families, to ensure that they receive the support they need to help them
balance work, family and caregiving responsibilities, Employment and Social
Development Canada has enhanced access to Employment Insurance sickness benefits
for parents of critically ill children and claimants receiving compassionate
care benefits.
 In fiscal year 2013-14, the Service Canada network served 8.1 million citizens
in person, received 46.1 million calls and had 81.5 million visits to
servicecanada.gc.ca.

Quote

"I am tremendously proud of the work we have accomplished this year. Through
measures like the Canada Job Grant, the Canada Apprentice Loan and
apprenticeship grants, our Government remains focused on what matters to
Canadians: creating jobs, economic growth and long-term prosperity. We will
continue to deliver on our Jobs Agenda in the new year."

- The Honourable Jason Kenney, Minister of Employment and Social Development


For further information please visit: http://www.cathymcleod.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

A review of 2014 at Employment and Social Development Canada

LENGTH: 888  words

DATELINE: Ottawa


Office of the MP Cathy McLeod, Canadian Government has issued the following news
release:

The Government of Canada's Jobs Agenda will help ensure Canadians have the
skills and training needed in the labour market and will help overcome the
paradox of too many Canadians without jobs and too many jobs without people.

To confront this challenge, in 2014 the Government took action by:

working with the provinces and territories to deliver the Canada Job Grant, an
innovative, employer-driven approach to help Canadians gain the skills and
training they need to fill available jobs;
 overhauling the Temporary Foreign Worker Program, ensuring that the program is
being used, as intended, to fill labour shortages on a temporary basis and that
Canadians are first in line for available jobs;
 starting January, the new Canada Apprentice Loan offers up to $4,000
interest-free per period of Red Seal technical training to help you complete
your apprenticeship;
 harmonizing the apprenticeship requirements in six new trades across the
Atlantic provinces, for which the Government of Canada provided over $4.3
million in funding;
 introducing a new generation of Labour Market Agreement for Persons with
Disabilities to improve employment prospects for Canadians with disabilities and
meet the needs of Canadian businesses; and
 renewing and expanding the Targeted Initiative for Older Workers initiative to
help older workers in communities with tighter labour markets develop the skills
needed to fill vacant jobs.

The Government of Canada also launched a new Panel on Employment Challenges of
New Canadians as part of the action plan to improve foreign credential
recognition for internationally trained professionals. As of 2014, the
Government continues to provide financial support to improve credential
recognition in 24 target occupations that represent over 80 percent of
newcomers. Action taken to date includes a microloans pilot project to help
internationally trained workers cover the cost of having their credentials
recognized. To date, more than 1,400 skilled newcomers have benefitted from
these microloans.

The Government of Canada continues to provide further support to youth by
offering tax credits, such as the tuition, education and textbook tax credits,
the tradesperson's tools deduction and the Apprenticeship Job Creation Tax
Credit.

September 2014 marked 500,000 apprenticeship grants issued to help young
Canadians pursue careers in the skilled trades, a significant milestone in the
Government's Jobs Agenda.

The Government of Canada is also investing in Aboriginal labour market programs.
Since 2010, the Aboriginal Skills and Employment Training Strategy has helped
over 68,000 Aboriginal people find a job and over 32,000 return to school. The
Skills and Partnership Fund has helped over 6,300 Aboriginal people find a job,
and that number is expected to grow to 8,000 to 10,000 by March 2015.

As collaboration on skills development is key to addressing labour market needs,
Minister Kenney:

helped start a national conversation by hosting the first annual skills summit,
which brought together experts from across Canada to explore how to better link
skills training and education with current and future labour market demand; and

 took a leadership role by co-chairing the Forum of Labour Market Ministers
(FLMM) twice this year. The FLMM made progress on improving labour market
information, harmonizing apprenticeship programs and helping new Canadians get
their credentials recognized.

In 2015, the Government of Canada will continue to ensure Canadians have the
skills in demand today and in the future while also enhancing the participation
of under-represented groups in the workforce.

In the coming months, two new innovative online tools will be launched: the
Career Choice Tool and an enhanced Job Match service. The Career Choice tool
will provide more and better information on the benefits of working in various
occupations and promote good careers in such high-demand fields as science,
technology, engineering, mathematics and the skilled trades. The Job Match
service will connect unemployed Canadians with employers in their region who are
seeking workers with their skill set.
Quick Facts

The Canadian Chamber of Commerce lists skills shortages as one of Canada's top
10 barriers to competitiveness.
 For families, to ensure that they receive the support they need to help them
balance work, family and caregiving responsibilities, Employment and Social
Development Canada has enhanced access to Employment Insurance sickness benefits
for parents of critically ill children and claimants receiving compassionate
care benefits.
 In fiscal year 2013-14, the Service Canada network served 8.1 million citizens
in person, received 46.1 million calls and had 81.5 million visits to
servicecanada.gc.ca.

Quote

"I am tremendously proud of the work we have accomplished this year. Through
measures like the Canada Job Grant, the Canada Apprentice Loan and
apprenticeship grants, our Government remains focused on what matters to
Canadians: creating jobs, economic growth and long-term prosperity. We will
continue to deliver on our Jobs Agenda in the new year."

- The Honourable Jason Kenney, Minister of Employment and Social Development


For further information please visit: http://www.cathymcleod.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

New life for Washington CASH at social-services agency?

BYLINE: Rachel Pritchett, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 534 words


Oct. 03--BREMERTON -- Washington CASH, the group helping low-income
entrepreneurs that was shut down when its funding was lost, now might be folded
into Kitsap Community Resources.

Before the Kitsap Regional Coordinating Council is a proposal to give an $80,000
grant to Washington CASH for 2013, to operate as part of KCR. A decision is
expected in November.

"We're really excited to be working with them," said Gylan Green, executive
director of Washington CASH, which is based in Seattle but offers help in
several Puget Sound counties, including Kitsap. It's had a presence here since
2000 under the direction of business development specialist Stuart Walton.

Over the years, Walton has led eight-week training sessions for would-be
entrepreneurs, many in poverty. A former entrepreneur, Walton teaches how to
make business plans and passes on basics like cash flow, sales, marketing, taxes
and insurance. About 1,000 people have gone through the program locally, with
many dozens of businesses started up and thriving. The Washington CASH office in
Seattle has pitched in with help in the form of microgrants of $1,000 to $5,000,
about a half-dozen a year in Kitsap.

In August, Walton announced that the Kitsap component of Washington CASH had
lost the lion's share of its Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding
due to changes in funding priorities and that the program was in a "hiatus" for
the rest of the year. Though Walton continued to meet with his fledgling
entrepreneurs, he lost his salary, went on unemployment and closed the
Washington CASH office in Bremerton.

During that time, Green and his counterpart at KCR, Larry Eyer, asked an
advisory group to the Kitsap Regional Coordinating Council if it would consider
recommending new CDBG moneys for Washington CASH, which it did.

If the grant is given, Washington CASH will no longer be known by that name in
Kitsap County. Walton would be hired by KCR to teach the classes, most likely at
one of the KCR buildings in downtown Bremerton.

"We're still trying to work through a bunch of these details," Walton said.

The Washington CASH's Seattle office has continued to honor microloans that are
in process and would continue to offer new microloans to graduates of what would
become a KCR program.

The entrepreneurial program, under Walton, has been widely hailed over the
years. Graduates today run security services, make food items, operate catering
services, clean houses and manage websites.

One graduate, Grant Furness, 41, of Tracyton, was grateful that Walton's effort
might continue locally.

"It taught me how to set up a business the right way," he said. A survivor of
the downturn in construction, Furness owns Peninsula Infrared LLC, in which he
uses special equipment to survey buildings and homes for water leaks.

"I'm starting to do pretty well right now," he said.

Eyer said folding the former local Washington CASH effort into KCR makes sense.

"We just thought it would be a good fit for our mission," Eyer said.

Washington CASH stands for Washington Community Alliance for Self-Help.

___ (c)2012 the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton, Wash.) Visit the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton,
Wash.) at www.kitsapsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121003-1BR-New-life-for-Washington-CASH-at-social-services-agency-1003-2012100
3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2012 Kitsap Sun


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Small Business Not as Usual

BYLINE: By RON NIXON and ELIZABETH OLSON

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1643 words


Hannah Kain, a small-business owner in Fremont, Calif., started her packaging
services business, ALOM Technologies, in 1997 with a $250,000 Small Business
Administration loan. In 2000, her 70-employee company was singled out as an
entrepreneurial success by the agency, complete with a ceremony in San
Francisco.

But in 2003, when she lost a government contract to package and distribute
informational CDs to military bases around the world, she didn't bother to turn
to the S.B.A. for help.

''I'm not so sure about the overall competency level and the ability to follow
through,'' Ms. Kain said. ''The best you can expect is a list of government
agencies you can contact.''

Her assessment reflects a growing frustration among many small-business owners
with the agency.

Over the last five decades, the S.B.A. has been there to propel the likes of
Federal Express, Intel, Staples and thousands of lesser-known small businesses.
But advocates say recent policy changes and severe budget and staffing cuts in
the last six years have left the agency unable to fulfill its mission to provide
programs and services to the nation's 25 million small companies, which the
agency defines as businesses with 500 or fewer workers. Since 2001, the agency's
budget has been sliced nearly in half, to $464 million in the proposed 2008
budget. Staff cuts have been almost as deep, with the agency losing 31 percent
of its work force.

Nowhere has the impact of these changes been felt more than in the S.B.A.'s
primary loan program for small businesses, known as 7(a).

Since the 2005 fiscal year, the agency has cut funding to the program and
restored an earlier, more costly fee structure for borrowers. Now a borrower
pays a minimum of $2,000 in upfront fees for the smaller loans up to $150,000, a
rise from $1,000 before. For larger loans up to $700,000, the fee now is 3
percent, up from 2.5 percent before. For loans above $700,000, the fee remains
unchanged at 3.5 percent.

Even with the higher fees, the agency says, the loans have easier credit terms
and longer repayment periods than those typically available at commercial banks.
But many small-business advocates say that is a moot point as many small
businesses cannot even pull together the amounts to cover the fees.

The S.B.A. has also proposed raising the fees in its microloan program, which
can be used for construction and expansion of facilities. Together these loans
totaled $20 billion in 2006, according to the S.B.A.

While fees for the loans have increased, the average size of the loans under the
7(a) and microloan programs has decreased 25 percent, to $188,878 in fiscal year
2006, from $252,314 in fiscal year 2001, according to data from the S.B.A. The
total number of loans has more than doubled, however.

The S.B.A. said that part of the reason that the average amount of the loans has
dropped is because a number of banks use a process called S.B.A. Express. For
it, banks use their own documents and need less interaction with the agency. The
S.B.A guarantees only 50 percent of these loans instead of the 75 percent to 85
percent on larger loans.

The increased fees for the loans may have had another effect. The number of
banks participating has dropped by nearly half, to 2,751 in fiscal 2006, from
5,228 in fiscal 2001, according to the National Small Business Association in
Washington. The association said some of the drop may reflect bank
consolidation, but fees and other changes in the 7(a) program had the biggest
impact.

Because of the higher fees, many entrepreneurs have turned to a growing credit
card market aimed at small-business owners. A survey by the association found
that the overwhelming majority of small businesses use credit cards for their
financing instead of S.B.A or other bank loans -- meaning that the interest rate
paid can be as much as 10 percentage points more than a conventional loan.

''The S.B.A. in many ways is hurting small business by increasing these fees,''
said Marilyn Landis, owner of Basic Business Concepts, a small company in
Pittsburgh, who relies on credit cards for most of her financing. ''The decrease
in the size of the loans is certainly a detriment to small companies -- it's
barely enough to get a company started and certainly not enough to grow one.''
Ms. Landis is vice chairwoman of the National Small Business Association.

Even more than the higher fees, reduced staffing levels at the agency have had a
profound effect on small business, advocates say.

Smaller staffs have contributed to a loss of institutional knowledge at the
S.B.A. and many people are in jobs in which they lack the necessary training,
said Morris A. Little, president of B&W Solutions, a human resource management
firm in Oxon Hill, Md. Mr. Little is chairman of the board of the National Black
Chamber of Commerce.

''You have people that can't even explain S.B.A. programs to you,'' Mr. Little
said. ''It's frustrating, and after a while you don't even bother asking.''

The biggest area where the staff cutbacks are hurting small business is in
helping gain access to $400 billion in federal contracting, Mr. Little and
others said.

According to a study by Congressional Democrats last year, small businesses lost
more than $12 billion in contracts because of miscoding: the contracts went
instead to giant corporations like Wal-Mart and Google, among others.

Staffing was cited as a main factor because the agency does not have enough
people to ensure that federal agencies meet their legally mandated goal of
providing 23 percent of their contracts to small businesses.

Over all, the number of full-time S.B.A. employees has dropped 29 percent since
2001, to 2,047 from 2,863, according to the agency. The agency has 54 people who
oversee federal contracting, fewer than it had in 1993 when federal contracting
was half its current size. A result is that small businesses got just 19 percent
of federal contracts in 2006, according to Eagle Eye, a research firm in
Fairfax, Va. And that 19 percent includes large corporations coded as small
businesses, the firm said, so the actual number could be smaller.

Steven C. Preston, who became the S.B.A. administrator last June, acknowledges
that budget and staffing cuts have hurt, but he still sees the agency's loan
programs and services as vital to small business.

To address budget shortfalls and staffing cuts, Mr. Preston asked Congress for
$464 million for the 2008 fiscal year. The budget request is 5 percent higher
than the approved budget for fiscal 2006. For the 2007 fiscal year, the agency
operated without an approved budget, under a continuing resolution that provided
the same funding as the year before.

Mr. Preston said the agency was committed to hiring more employees, including
procurement-contracting representatives who would work with other government
agencies to make sure that small businesses get their share of federal
contracts.

To reach this goal , the agency recently promulgated regulations requiring small
businesses to recertify their size status on long-term contracts when a contract
option is exercised, when a small business is purchased by or merged with
another business or at the end of the first five years of a contract.

While applauding Mr. Preston's efforts, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle say
they do not feel the moves are nearly enough.

''The S.B.A. simply cannot do its job on this starvation diet the current
administration has it on,'' said Senator John Kerry, Democrat of Massachusetts,
and chairman of the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee.

Senator Olympia J. Snowe, Republican of Maine, has also voiced her concerns
about cuts to the S.B.A., saying the budget is still 31 percent less than it was
in 2001. Mr. Kerry and Ms. Snowe have proposed a $97 million increase in the
S.B.A.'s budget and hiring 100 more people to oversee small-business
contracting.

The legislation has been approved in the Senate, and Representative Nydia M.
Velasquez, Democrat of New York and chairwoman of the House Small Business
Committee, is pushing similar legislation in the House.

The House recently passed legislation that would increase the share of federal
contracts for small business from 23 percent to 25 percent.

Even with the legislation, though, lawmakers say that the agency will still not
be on solid footing.

''We are talking about six straight years of cuts to the agency's budget and
programs,'' Ms. Velasquez said. ''This is not something you can correct
overnight.''

The Bush administration opposes several of the Congressional efforts, despite
bipartisan support.

Even with the proposed changes, some aren't so sure that the S.B.A, can be
turned around.

Noting that the S.B.A. backs less than 10 percent of the more than $600 billion
in financing of small-business loans under $1 million, they question what help
small businesses actually get from the agency.

''From a broader public policy perspective I think it is harder to justify
something like the S.B.A. today,'' said Mark Zandi, an economist with Moody's
Economy.com. ''A quarter- century ago it made sense, but today it's much easier
for small businesses to get credit.''

Veronique de Rugy, a research fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a
conservative research organization, calls the S.B.A. ''irrelevant,'' adding:
''There seems to be no failure of the private sector to allocate loans
efficiently.''

Small-business advocates disagree.

Andrew Langer, manager of regulatory affairs at the National Federation of
Independent Business, said that although few of his members use S.B.A. loans,
the agency, if adequately financed, could serve as an important voice for small
business.

''If you shut down the S.B.A., you lose an organization that is the strongest
advocate for small business,'' Mr. Langer said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Morris A. Little, president of B&W Solutions, a personnel
management firm in Oxon Hill, Md., said dealing with the Small Business
Administration was frustrating, ''and after a while you don't even bother
asking.'' (Photo by Andrew Councill for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

Long Island microlender increases Latino presence

BYLINE: Jessica DiNapoli

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 736  words


La Fuerza Unida Community Development Corp. couldn't even move offices - a
measure the group's new leaders say cuts their monthly rent bill nearly in half
- without causing controversy.

In the past six months, microlender La Fuerza has experienced one debacle after
another. If it wasn't complaints over the microlender's early March move from
Hempstead to the Chelsea Mansion in East Norwich, it was the public grievances
from ousted Executive Director Hector Rivera, who complained about the handling
of his November firing.

He is now looking for a public apology from La Fuerza Unida, but, both David
Boone and Giovana Ramirez, who took over the reigns of the organization,
declined to discuss the former executive director, citing an upcoming hearing
before a judge at the New York State Department of Labor.

That's not even getting into the day-to-day business of running the
organization. Boone and Ramirez, who have been running La Fuerza for about five
months, say it's a constant struggle to acquire grants to lend to needy,
minority-owned small businesses. The lender secured about $500,000 in funding
from the U.S. Department of the Treasury back in 2009. La Fuerza Unida also
receives funding from the U.S. Treasury, Empire State Development Corp. and
Nassau County.

Still, Boone and Ramirez have ambitious plans to take advantage of Long Island's
booming Hispanic population.

"We're just very focused," Ramirez said. "We know what our mission is and know
what we need to do. We're in the business of helping small business, so we want
to make sure we get that accomplished. "

Recently released Census data show that Boone and Ramirez have a rapidly growing
pool of business prospects. Nassau's Hispanic population jumped 46.6 percent
from 133,282 in 2000 to 195,355 in 2010, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Suffolk's Hispanic population increased by 64.8 percent from 149,411 in 2000 to
246,239 in 2010. The total population of each county increased a mere 0.37
percent and 5.2 percent, respectively.

"The demand for our services is overwhelming," Boone said. "But we can't lend to
everyone. We have basic qualifications. "

Since taking charge at La Fuerza, Boone said he has doubled the organization's
loan volume, bringing the microlender's portfolio up to $199,000. Boone projects
that the portfolio will total $350,000 by the end of the 2011. He and Ramirez
said they also shifted the target for their loans, from mainly women to
Hispanics and other minorities. The impetus for the changes are stipulations in
La Fuerza's grants.

Boone and Ramirez declined to discuss the specifics of the stipulations, but
according to the organization's 2009 audited financial statements, the $500,000
grant can only be used to lend to minority owners of small, undercapitalized
businesses on Long Island.

The meaning of the term "microloan" varies depending on which organization is
extending it. For La Fuerza, most microloans are between $1,500 and $7,500, but
lately the group has been making loans near its upper limit of $25,000, Boone
said.

Although La Fuerza requires its borrowers to have been in business for a few
years or to have been a manager at an existing business, it still has an excess
of entrepreneurs seeking help. Since ramping up loan volume, the microlender has
extended money to a testing laboratory, both a retail and wholesale florist, a
daycare, a multiservice agency and a cleaning agency.

La Fuerza's services are in such high demand not only because the Hispanic
community is growing so dramatically but because it's the only one of its kind,
said Gil Bernardino, the founder and executive director of Circulo de la
Hispanidad, a Hempstead-based, Hispanic-oriented nonprofit.

In the future, La Fuerza anticipates partnering with Westbury-based Long Island
Development Corp. and Centereach-based Community Development Corp. of Long
Island to offer the bigger loans some of their clients require. That process,
called loan syndication, will allow La Fuerza to make more loans, thereby
helping more businesses and mitigating the risk it could face if a borrower
defaults, Boone said.

La Fuerza also plans to help more minority-owned businesses by setting up
part-time offices in areas with a large Latino population. Starting in April,
the microlender will have outreach offices in Long Beach, Hempstead, Freeport,
Westbury, Huntington and Brentwood.

Claude Solnik contributed reporting to this story.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            December 12, 2011 Monday
                                  CLFM Edition

Providing fuel for the nation's economic engines

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 614 words


The "Little Engine that Could" is a well known children's story that appeared in
the United States in the early 1900s.The book has often been used to teach
children the value of optimism and hard work.Some say the book is a metaphor for
the American dream.

In the tale, a long train must be pulled over a high mountain. Larger engines
are asked to pull the train, but refuse. The request is then made of a small
engine, which agrees to try. The engine succeeds in pulling the train over the
mountain while repeating its mantra: "I think I can."

The most popular version of the book was published in 1954 ... a year after the
U.S. government established a little agency to help little businesses become
another kind of little engine ... the engine that drives the American economy.

That metaphor, of course, refers to the U. S. Small Business Administration
(SBA) being established to aid in the development, growth and success of what
are today, 27 million small businesses that create jobs, innovations, tax
revenues and economic output for our country.

Perhaps you're reading this because you own one of those small businesses, or
you know someone who does.Perhaps you'd like to own a small business, but don't
know where to start.

The SBA provides assistance, free, to help you start, finance, market and grow
your business.

Working with traditional lenders such as banks, last year the SBA delivered more
than $25 billion of guaranteed loans to small companies that found traditional
bank loans unattainable during the lingering credit crunch. The two major SBA
loan programs are:

* The 7(a) guarantee loan, through which SBA gives the lender a guarantee of up
to 85 percent on a loan which may be used for basically any legitimate business
purpose including equipment, supplies, inventory and working capital.

* The 504 loan is an economic development tool which provides long term fixed
rate financing for the acquisition, construction or expansion of business real
property and/or major equipment purchases. The program requires the creation or
retention of one job per every $65,000 of the loan guaranteed.

Provisions of the Small Business Jobs Act passed in 2010 and fully implemented
this year raised to $5 million, the maximum amount an individual small business
can borrow under SBA's loan programs.For small manufacturers, the maximum is
$5.5 million.

At the other end of the spectrum, start up, home-based and other micro
businesses are able to acquire a microloan, available through SBA funded
intermediary organizations, in amounts up to $50,000.In the area, Accion Chicago
is the SBA microloan provider (www.accionchicago.org.)

Last year, SBA's nonprofit partner organizations SCORE (score.org), Small
Business Development Centers and Women's Business Centers (wbdc.org)
collectively counseled and trained more than 1 million individuals seeking to
start or expand a business.

In the single largest procurement market in the world -- the $500 billion a year
U.S. Government market -- SBA assists small companies in getting a foot in the
door and competing for contracts.With the aid of SBA and the government's small
business procurement assistance programs, small companies won over $100 Billion
in federal prime contracts and another $60 Billion in subcontracts from large
business federal contractors last year.

In short, the SBA helps small businesses say, "I think I can."To find help in
starting or growing your small business, contact the SBA and locate the resource
that is closest to you and can best meet your assistance needs.Find information
and online training at www.sba.gov or call (312) 353-4528.

* Judith A. Roussel is director, SBA Illinois district. Judith.Roussel@sba.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Savannah Morning News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 12, 2008 Tuesday

International microlender opens offices in Savannah

BYLINE: Arlinda Smith Broady, Savannah Morning News, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


Feb. 12--Entrepreneurs and small businesses in need of loans have a new resource
in Savannah. International microfinance pioneer Accion is opening a new lending
office in Savannah.

Accion USA is a private, nonprofit organization that provides microloans and
other financial services to low- and moderate-income entrepreneurs who are
unable to access bank credit for their small businesses. With economic
opportunity, these entrepreneurs -- often minorities and women -- can build
assets, better provide for their families, and strengthen their communities.

"We're designed to target the unbanked or underbanked members of society," said
Wole Ralph, Accion USA's program director for Georgia. "In the business world,
it's easier to get a loan for $200,000 than for $2,000."

But a lot of start-up businesses and entrepreneurs don't need such massive
amounts of cash and even more don't have the credit score or business plan to
warrant a big loan.

"We really act as a bridge for our clients to demonstrate that they can pay back
a loan. ... They can build their credit and move on to bigger loans if need be,"
Ralph said.

Accion offers loans from $500 to $25,000, often at rates a few points above the
prim e lending rate.

Since 2001, Accion USA has lent $5.3 million in the state of Georgia, helping
hundreds of entrepreneurs and communities across the state. With approximately
23 percent of Savannah's population living below the poverty line (almost twice
the national average), city leaders see this program as a way to help many local
residents turn to self-employment to earn a living.

Daniel Dodd, director of Step Up, Savannah's Poverty Reduction Initiative,
expects to see an increase in opportunities to help the unemployed and
underemployed work their way out of poverty.

"We strive for work force development and asset building and we're looking to
see Accion enhance what's already going on here in Savannah," Dodd said.

Supported by grants from the city of Savannah, United Way of the Coastal Empire,
SunTrust and Bank of America, Accion offers a variety of loans including lines
of credit, disburses funds in 10 business days upon receipt of a completed
application, and requires less documentation than traditional bank loans.

Although the Small Business Assistance Center already has a microloan program in
place, Dodd envisions the two organizations referring clients to each other and
engaging in healthy competition.

Another microlender can only be a plus for the area, said Bill Hubbard,
president of the Savannah Area Chamber of Commerce.

"The more people in business, the better off we are," Hubbard said. "The best
test will be a year from now when we look at their loan portfolio and see if
(Accion) has made a difference."

To see more of the Savannah Morning News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.savannahnow.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Savannah Morning News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080212-SV-MICROLENDER-20080212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SV


                      Copyright 2008 Savannah Morning News


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            December 19, 2011 Monday
                                 First Edition

The 12 financial gifts of Christmas An RESP may not have the wow factor of a new
bike or the latest video game, but it will be appreciated down the road

BYLINE: Sunny Freeman The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Financial gifts - such as stocks in a stocking or a charitable donation - may
not be as glitzy as a pair of earrings or new Xbox, but they have the potential
to create lasting economic and educational rewards.

"When you buy something physical, its value drops 99.9 per cent of the time,"
says Tom Hamza, president of the Investor Education Fund.

Meanwhile, he says, financial presents are a "responsible, lifelong kind of
gift" that can help

improve a loved one's future well-being, maybe with a major purchase later in
life.

"It's the virtuous circle that you create when you give somebody ? an experience
or an actual investment that produces a long-term return," Hamza says.

This list of 12 financial presents gives the last-minute gift giver some ideas
to choose from:

. Stocks

Purchase a stock certificate with the recipient's name on it, so the owner
receives something tangible.

Dividend paying stocks - usually from some of the biggest companies on the
Toronto Stock Exchange - give the owner a payout every quarter. Consider
personalizing the purchase by buying a stock in an area that interests the
recipient.

"If they're interested in Microsoft because they have an Xbox, for example, say:
?Well, guess what? We can buy a share of Microsoft for you and it's going to pay
us X per cent," says Jillian Bryan, an investment adviser at TD Waterhouse.

Gifting a stock is also a learning opportunity for young people that invites
questions about what it means to invest and gives them a vested interest in
monitoring the markets.

Bonds

A Canada Savings Bond is one popular way to help young people pay for their
education and it also comes with a physical certificate. And teaching how to
calculate the worth in 10 or 20 years is a valuable lesson in compound interest.

However, Bryan warns that the economic climate has severely depressed current
bond yields, making high dividend stocks a better investment.

Mutual funds

It's a good time to buy into mutual funds because stocks are cheap due to the
economic climate, while mutual funds help reduce risk because they diversify
your investment across a variety of stocks, said Sadiq Adatia, Sun Life Global's
chief investment officer.

"Those who are looking to pick up a gift that's going to give at least down the
road, given low valuations today, it's actually a very good gift to be giving
right now."

RESPs

Set up a registered education savings plan for a child with an initial
investment, or contribute to an existing fund. Under the Canada Education
Savings Grant, the federal government matches

20 per cent of the first $2,500 contributed to the RESP annually. If your gift
helps reach that level - that's as much as an extra $500 per year when it's paid
out.

Savings accounts

Setting up a savings account for a child helps them to track their money. It's a
good opportunity to help them learn how to save for a goal - for instance,
saving half of their allowance money for a new bicycle.

TFSA contribution toward a specific major purchase

It's a little harder to earmark a financial contribution to a tax-free savings
account, but you can reach an understanding that the money you give is to go
into a TFSA to help with the purchase of a big item such as a car or home.

Art or wine

These alternative investment ideas give the recipient something tangible to
admire while their value appreciates. The caveat with wine is the risk it could
be consumed on a whim, while the problem with art being that one must be very
savvy to know which pieces are going to appreciate, as only a tiny percentage
do.

Charitable donations

Giving the present of a charitable donation benefits all involved; the recipient
gets a feel-good gift, the charity gets some funding and the giver can enjoy the
tax credit associated with the purchase, said Jo-Anne Ryan, vice-president of
philanthropic advisory services at TD Waterhouse.

"A lot of us have too much and we don't need another thing - another toy,
another gadget - and Christmas is always a time we think of people that are less
fortunate than us, so it's a good time to give back," she said.

Givers can purchase a credit from a site such as Canadahelps.org, which allows
recipients to pick their favourite charity. Dec. 31 is the deadline to claim tax
credits for charitable donations made in the calendar year.

Microloans

A microloan is a type of charitable donation, but loans are repaid. YWCA's Dec.
6 program gives loans to women seeking shelter from abuse, who pay it back when
they can, Ryan suggests. Kiva.org is another option for microloans, where
lenders can read the stories of borrowers and choose which project to finance.
It boasts a

99 per cent repayment rate.

10. Help with debt repayment

Given the rough shape of many household balance sheets, this could be a timely
gift that saves someone from further debt on compounding interest down the road.
It's a little touchy, and best doled out to a close family member with a clear
understanding of what the funds should cover.

Taking on part of someone's debt

The website leasetrader.com is encouraging givers to consider taking over the
lease payment on a car purchase that a friend or family member can no longer
afford. But Hamza cautions: "the gift of an obligation, whatever that obligation
is for, can be fraught with a bit of peril."

A skill-building experience

Experiential gifts such as a cooking or photography class, or paying the price
of a resum? service may not give a quantitative return, Hamza says.

"But it does give you a lifestyle return that's going to go a lot further than
that sweater with a reindeer on it."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under OMB Review

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Washington



  Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice: \r\n />
  \r\n />
  SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under
OMB Review AGENCY: Small Business Administration. ACTION: 30-Day notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Small Business Administration (SBA) is publishing this notice to comply with
requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), which
requires agencies to submit proposed reporting and recordkeeping requirements to
OMB for review and approval, and to publish a notice in the Federal Register
notifying the public that the agency has made such a submission. This notice
also allows an additional 30 days for public comments. DATES: Submit comments on
or before September 17, 2015. ADDRESSES: Comments should refer to the
information collection by name and/or OMB Control Number and should be sent to:
Agency Clearance Officer, Curtis Rich, Small Business Administration, 409 3rd
Street SW., 5th Floor, Washington, DC 20416; and SBA Desk Officer, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, New
Executive Office Building, Washington, DC 20503. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Curtis Rich, Agency Clearance Officer, (202) 205-7030
curtis.rich@sba.gov Copies: A copy of the Form OMB 83-1, supporting statement,
and other documents submitted to OMB for review may be obtained from the Agency
Clearance Officer. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This information collection is
reported to SBA's Office Credit Risk Management (OCRM) by SBA's 7(A) Lenders,
Certified Development Companies Microloan Lenders, and Non-Lending Technical
Assistance Providers OCRM uses the information reported to facilitate its
oversight and monitoring of these groups, including their overall performance on
SBA loans and their compliance with the applicable program requirements.
Solicitation of Public Comments Comments may be submitted on (a) whether the
collection of information is necessary for the agency to properly perform its
functions; (b) whether the burden estimates are accurate; (c) whether there are
ways to minimize the burden, including through the use of automated techniques
or other forms of information technology; and (d) whether there are ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information. Summary of
Information Collections Title: SBA Lender Microloan Intermediary and NTAP
Reporting Requirements. Description of Respondents: SBA Loan Applications. Form
Number: N/A. Estimated Annual Responses: 2,422. Estimated Annual Hour Burden:
6,840. Curtis B. Rich, Management Analyst. [FR Doc. 2015-20291 Filed 8-17-15;
8:45 am] BILLING CODE 8025-01-P\r\n />
  \r\n />
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection; Direct Loan Making

LENGTH: 966 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection; Direct
Loan Making AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice; request for
comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995, the Farm Service
Agency (FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and
organizations on a revision and an extension of a currently approved information
collection that supports 7 CFR part 764. The Direct Loan Making regulations
specify the application process and requirements for direct loan assistance.

FSA is adding additional information collection to the existing collection to
reflect the addition of the Direct Farm Ownership Microloan (DFOML). The
collected information is used in eligibility and feasibility determinations on
farm loan applications. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive by
December 7, 2015. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In
your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Russ Clanton, Branch Chief, Direct Loan Making and

 Funds Management, USDA/FSA/FLP, STOP 0523, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-0503.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and

 Budget, Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may

 be requested by contacting Russ Clanton at the above address.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Russ Clanton, (202) 690-0214.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

     Title: Farm Loan Programs, Direct Loan Making.

     OMB Number: 0560-0237.

     Expiration Date: 02/29/2016.

     Type of Request: Revision and Extension.

     Abstract: FSA's Farm Loan Programs provide loans to family farmers

 to purchase real estate and equipment, and to finance agricultural

 production. Direct Loan Making regulations at 7 CFR part 764 provide

 the requirements and process for determining an applicant's eligibility

 for a direct loan.

     Several changes are being made in the estimates for the burden

 hours and the number of respondents in anticipation of the new DFOML,

 which will be implemented through rulemaking. FSA anticipates an

 increase in the use of the forms. Also, the burden hours have changed

 due to the removal of the existing collection, which was previously

 included in error. The specific changes are explained below.

     There will be no new or revised forms for DFOMLs. With the planned

 addition of the DFOML and the new applicants expected to apply for

 these real estate microloans, FSA anticipates the total burden hours

 for Direct Loan Making increasing by 1,725 hours. The anticipated 3,530

 burden hours for DFOML takes into account the number of regular FO

 applications normally received for loan requests of $50,000 or less,

 which have a reduced application process and paperwork burden. The

 hours for the Land Contract Guarantee



 [[Page 60615]]



 Program and Emergency Equine Loss Loan Program, previously merged into

 the Direct Loan Making total burden hours, have been removed from the

 collection as they are already accounted for in other existing

 information collections. Also, the Farm Storage Facility Loan Program

 is exempted from PRA as specified in 2014 Farm Bill; therefore, those

 numbers are no longer included in the collection.

     The annual number of responses decreased by 12,751, while the

 number of respondents increases by 172 in the collection. The annual

 burden hours increase by 1,725 hours in the collection.

     The formula used to calculate the total burden hour is estimated

 average time per response in hours times total annual responses.

     Estimate of Respondent Burden: Public reporting burden for the

 information collection is estimated to average 0.503851 hours per

 response. The average travel time, which is included in the total

 burden, is estimated to be 1 hour.

     Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other for

 profit farms.

     Estimated Annual Number of Respondents: 182,433.

     Estimated Number of Reponses per Respondent: 3.8.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 685,686.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.503851 hours.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 345,484 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for

 the proper performance of the functions of FSA, including whether the

 information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the

 validity of the methodology and assumptions used;

     (3) Enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to

 be collected;

     (4) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those

 who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,

 electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or

 other forms of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the submission for Office

 of Management and Budget approval.



  Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25425 Filed 10-6-15; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 23, 2014 Friday
                                Atlantic Edition

BRAIN STORM;
How can we get the biggest bang for our giving-back buck?

BYLINE: CRAIG KIELURGER & MARC KIELURGER

SECTION: LIFE & ARTS; Pg. L3

LENGTH: 652 words


livebetter@globeandmail.com

Craig and Marc Kielburger founded Free The Children and Me to We. Their biweekly
Brain Storm column taps experts and readers for solutions to social issues.

When a six-year-old finds a stray toonie on the sidewalk, it's exhilarating. The
mind races with possibilities, most of which aren't good for young teeth. But
there's also some shrewd calculation involved - how to get the maximum sugar
from this treasure find.

We grow up determined to get the biggest bang for our buck. We clip coupons and
shop around for the best deals. Same goes for our philanthropy. As charitable
donors, we want our dollars to make the biggest possible difference. But there
are as many options for giving back as there are candies in a corner store.

So for the sake of dreaming big, let's say you found $100 - on the sidewalk, in
an old pair of jeans, or through a larger-than-expected income tax refund. You
decide to donate your surprise surplus back to the world. How would you maximize
its impact?

Your $100 could help a child overseas or someone in your neighbourhood. You
could buy a homeless person lunch once a month for a year or contribute to
cousin Bobby's college textbook fund. You could invest in a microloan for a
farmer in India or an aspiring entrepreneur anywhere in the world. Or you could
reserve that money to pay a premium for more ethical purchases every day - fair
trade T-shirts, organic greens, local produce - that make a difference over
time. If the thought of stumbling upon $100 seems farfetched, think of it in
real terms. For most of us, our budget for charitable donations is carved out of
hard-earned income, at the expense of other wants and priorities. Giving wisely
is as important as researching any other household financial decision.So whether
it's found or it's budgeted, our donation dollars are precious and full of
potential.

This week's question: If you had $100 to make a difference in the world, how
would you make the most of it?

THE EXPERTS

"Learn more about the charity through its website and annual reports. Or better
yet, get involved as a volunteer, provide a service pro bono or consider joining
the board. And don't make the mistake of using an organization's overhead
spending as the sole gauge of its effectiveness - look for a clear articulation
of goals and evidence that progress is being made towards meeting them."

Cathy Barr, acting president and CEO of Imagine Canada

"Low-income people in developing countries have dramatically lower standards of
living than low-income people in North America. Giving your donations abroad to
support evidence-backed programs in global health and poverty alleviation can
have a much greater impact than giving domestically."

Eliza Scheffler, research analyst at GiveWell.org

"Many of the world's most underprivileged are small plot farmers and their
families. Helping them to be more productive through microloans and other
agricultural programs benefits the whole family with more food, income, health
and education."

Tony Maiorino, vice president and head of RBC Wealth Management Services

THE READERS

"When I was younger, I would stay up super late making pb&j sandwiches and pass
them out the next day to the homeless on the streets of Seattle. If I had $100 I
would start the trend again. It's not the biggest thing to do, but when they
look up at you and smile in thanks for a homemade sandwich it's worth every
second."

Amber Mathisen (via Facebook)

"I would give a child in my local neighbourhood a new book once a month for a
year."

Candice Brigley (via Facebook)

"I would spend an afternoon at a local soup kitchen in my community, listening
to the volunteers and organizers, and find out their greatest need."

Ellie Janssen (via Globeandmail.com)

Online now: Join the conversation on our next Brain Storm: How can we prioritize
fresh, healthy food with all the cheap, convenient alternatives? tgam.ca/giving

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2014 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            October 13, 2008 Monday

Government backs loans for the rural entrepreneur

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 702 words


By John C. Woosley, district director
U. S. Small Business Administration, New Mexico District Office
At a time when banks are loath to lend money to other banks, New Mexico's rural
entrepreneurs may wonder if it's even worth trying to obtain the credit they
need to stay in business.


That's where the Small Business Administration and its partners come in with
programs to help launch and build rural businesses and to help rural innovators
overcome the special problems posed by distance from customers, markets and
workers and the lack of a telecommunications infrastructure.
SBA's financial assistance consists of guarantees to banks to share the risk of
lending to entrepreneurs. Just this year the agency instituted the Rural Lender
Advantage initiative to foster economic development in rural areas by making it
easier for smaller community banks to partner with the SBA to finance small
businesses. With a maximum loan amount of $350,000, expedited approval, limited
documentation requirements and the federal government's guarantee that the bank
won't lose its entire investment in case of default, this tool makes community
banks more willing to help New Mexico's rural entrepreneurs pursue their
business goals.
Pick your loan
The Patriot Express loan is the best deal available for those who are eligible:
veterans, National Guard members and reservists, active-duty military in
transition to civilian life, spouses of those in the military and spouses of
service members who died in the military or of service-related causes. This
express loan requires little documentation beyond the bank's own loan
requirements and provides up to $500,000 with the full SBA guarantee (the
government promises, in case of borrower default, to repay 85 percent of loans
up to $150,000 and 75 percent of larger loans). An additional benefit to the
borrower is the federal agency's lowest interest rate, and some New Mexico banks
add sweeteners of their own to the Patriot Express deal.
The Community Express initiative focuses on economically stressed areas of the
state. It is available in any part of New Mexico for up to $25,000, and many of
the state's rural areas are eligible for up to $250,000. Community Express
provides technical assistance for the borrower and expedited approval designed
to get funding where it's needed as quickly as possible.
Microloans are for borrowers not ready to request a loan from a bank.
Microlenders work closely with borrowers and are often able to make loans that
banks can't. The SBA microloan program is managed in New Mexico by WESST Corp.
The Loan Fund and ACCION New Mexico are also microlenders and are very active in
rural areas.
Finally, SBA's 504 loan program backs larger ventures and those with a
real-estate orientation. It has proved useful for manufacturing facilities and
tourist development in rural areas with a maximum project amount of $10 million.

A map to the money
New Mexico is the nation's fifth-largest state in terms of area, and it is the
SBA's third-largest district. Nevertheless, nearly every New Mexican lives
within 100 miles of one of the 30 places where SBA or its partners provides
management and technical assistance in New Mexico: the district office in
Albuquerque; three chapters of the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE);
six offices of WESST Corp., the New Mexico Women's Business Centers; and 19
Small Business Development Centers, some of which have branch offices.
SBA provides a small business Internet search engine at www.business.gov that
provides information about starting a business -- even in rural areas of the
state. The SBA New Mexico Web site, www.sba.gov/nm, provides access to a wealth
of business planning and management tools, information about SBA financing
programs, government contracting assistance and access to the many other
services SBA provides nationwide.
Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 8, 2011 Saturday

From microlender to loan shark

BYLINE: BY MUHAMMAD YUNUS

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 919 words

DATELINE: Dhaka, Bangladesh

ABSTRACT

Commercialization shows a worrying 'mission drift' in the motivation of banks
lending to the poor.

FULL TEXT

In the 1970s, when I began working here on what would eventually be called
''microcredit,'' one of my goals was to eliminate the presence of loan sharks
who grow rich by preying on the poor. In 1983, I founded Grameen Bank to provide
small loans that people, especially poor women, could use to bring themselves
out of poverty. At that time, I never imagined that one day microcredit would
give rise to its own breed of loan sharks.

But it has. And as a result, many borrowers in India have been defaulting on
their microloans, which could then result in lenders being driven out of
business. India's crisis points to a clear need to get microcredit back on
track.

Troubles with microcredit began around 2005, when many lenders started looking
for ways to make a profit on the loans by shifting from their status as
nonprofit organizations to commercial enterprises. In 2007, Compartamos, a
Mexican bank, became Latin America's first microcredit bank to go public. And
this past August, SKS Microfinance, the largest bank of its kind in India,
raised $358 million in an initial public offering.

To ensure that the small loans would be profitable for their shareholders, such
banks needed to raise interest rates and engage in aggressive marketing and loan
collection. The kind of empathy that had once been shown toward borrowers when
the lenders were nonprofits disappeared. The people whom microcredit was
supposed to help were instead being harmed. And in India, borrowers came to
believe that the lenders were taking advantage of them, and stopped repaying
their loans.

Commercialization has been a terrible wrong turn for microfinance, and it
indicates a worrying ''mission drift'' in the motivation of those lending to the
poor. Poverty should be eradicated, not seen as a money-making opportunity.
There are serious practical problems with treating microcredit as an ordinary
profit-maximizing business. Instead of creating wholesale funds dedicated to
lending money to microfinance institutions, as Bangladesh has done, these
commercial organizations raise larger sums in volatile international financial
markets, and then transmit financial risks to the poor.

Furthermore, it means that commercial microcredit institutions are subject to
demands for ever-increasing profits, which can only come in the form of higher
interest rates charged to the poor, defeating the very purpose of the loans.

Some advocates of commercialization say it's the only way to attract the money
that's needed to expand the availability of microcredit and to ''liberate'' the
system from dependence on foundations and other charitable donors. But it is
possible to harness investment in microcredit - and even make a profit - without
working through either charities or global financial markets.

Grameen Bank, where I am managing director, has 2,500 branches in Bangladesh. It
lends out more than $100 million a month, from loans of less than $10 for
beggars in our ''Struggling Members'' program, to micro-enterprise loans of
about $1,000. Most branches are financially self-reliant, dependent only on
deposits from ordinary Bangladeshis. When borrowers join the bank, they open a
savings account. All borrowers have savings accounts at the bank, many with
balances larger than their loans. And every year, the bank's profits are
returned to the borrowers - 97 percent of them poor women - in the form of
dividends.

More microcredit institutions should adopt this model. The community needs to
reaffirm the original definition of microcredit, abandon commercialization and
turn back to serving the poor.

Stricter government regulation could help. The maximum interest rate should not
exceed the cost of the fund - meaning the cost that is incurred by the bank to
procure the money to lend - plus 15 percent of the fund. That 15 percent goes to
cover operational costs and contribute to profit.

In the case of Grameen Bank, the cost of the fund is 10 percent. So, the maximum
interest rate could be 25 percent. However, we charge 20 percent to the
borrowers. The ideal ''spread'' between the cost of the fund and the lending
rate should be close to 10 percent.

To enforce such a cap, every country where microloans are made needs a
microcredit regulatory authority. Bangladesh, which has the most microcredit
borrowers per square mile in the world, has had such an authority for several
years, and it has ensured transparency in lending and prevented excessive
interest rates and collection practices. It can also accredit microfinance
banks. India, with its burgeoning microcredit sector, is most in need of a
similar agency.

There are always people eager to take advantage of the vulnerable. But credit
programs that seek to profit from the suffering of the poor should not be
described as ''microcredit,'' and investors who own such programs should not be
allowed to benefit from the trust  that microcredit banks have rightly earned.

Governments are responsible for preventing such abuse. In 1997, then First Lady
Hillary Clinton and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh met with other
world leaders to commit to providing 100 million poor people with microloans and
other financial services by 2005. At the time, it looked like an utterly
impossible task, but by 2006, we had achieved it. World leaders should come
together again to provide the powerful and visionary leadership to help steer
microcredit back on course.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: is the founder of Grameen Bank. He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in
2006.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 16, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 760  words


Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

VISIONS of consumers drowning in debt is one to make regulators, politicians and
banks quake in their boots. That is why the recent furore over growth in
unsecured lending has apparently inspired hand-wringing among regulators. Some
media have reported that probes are being launched by the National Credit
Regulator and the Reserve Bank, while politicians are alarmed.

Yet the fears are at best confused and at worst downright dangerous. First
consider the facts.

According to the National Credit Regulator, last December the total amount of
unsecured loans was 25% higher than it was three months earlier and 57% higher
than a year ago. That sounds scary. Microloans have a bad history in SA, having
been the root cause of the last major banking crisis in 2001, which claimed
Saambou and Unifer.

But a few factors should calm the nerves. The first is that the overall
extension of credit grew 8,8% quarter on quarter. So that means unsecured loans
are absorbing a greater proportion of total lending. And it is instructive to
see where lending is shrinking - it is in home loans. Mortgages actually
declined 3,2% during the quarter, though compared to a year ago they are still
up 9,1%.

Other forms of secured credit, mostly car loans, have also been declining
slightly. So the vision of indebtedness spiralling out of control should be
tempered by the overall view - there is merely a shift from lending on a secured
basis to unsecured lending.

But why would banks be relatively keen on unsecured lending? There are a few
answers. The first is bank regulation. Unsecured loans are shorter term - almost
all of them are under five years in duration. This helps banks to face up to one
of the most onerous requirements of the new raft of post-financial-crisis
regulations that require banks to better term-match their balance sheets. That
means they are trying to lengthen the terms of their liabilities (mostly
deposits) and shorten the terms of their assets (mostly loans). That, so the
mandarins of global financial regulation believe, makes banks safer.

There are some other clear reasons for the growth. Capitec and African Bank have
been growing their unsecured lending significantly and the big banks are feeling
the competitive heat to get involved too. All of the big four banks have shiny
new microloan offerings that they are promoting to the mass market. It is
working. Capitec and African Bank have shown how they can run successful
mass-market lending businesses provided systems are in place to monitor and run
it.

Lastly, the consumer appetite for loans has improved and is showing a structural
shift: there are many more borrowers in the under-R10000-per-month earning
category than ever before.

That is partly to do with social grants, the expanding size of the public sector
workforce, and a general recovery in employment levels. With the economy showing
signs of recovery, banks are also less fearful of further retrenchments
decimating blue-collar consumers' ability to service debt.

Is any of this a reason to panic? No. It helps to remember that in the aftermath
of the Saambou debacle there was significant change to SA's lending
architecture. One important change was the creation of a loans register, so
people can no longer go out and obtain multiple loans from different lenders
without each of them knowing about the other. That has substantially improved
the risk of unsecured lending and has created a positive credit track record of
sorts - it is simple to check if an applicant has a loan they have serviced
properly.

The next major change has been the National Credit Act and the National Consumer
Regulator, which have improved regulatory standards and the quality of data
about the industry. There are now strict laws preventing lenders from abusive
lending practices.

The growth of unsecured lending has happened in a tightly regulated environment
and been driven by new technology that has reduced cost and increased the reach
of financial services, of which Capitec and African Bank are good examples. This
is not to say there won't be reckless borrowing used to fund consumption; but it
does mean that healthy borrowing is now available to more South Africans than
ever before.

While the Reserve Bank has been reported as investigating the growth of
unsecured lending, in fact it is merely improving the data it collects from the
banks.

The bottom line is that the time to panic about unsecured lending was a decade
ago; what we see now is far more healthy.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 16, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: PROD:PAGE

LENGTH: 760  words


Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

VISIONS of consumers drowning in debt is one to make regulators, politicians and
banks quake in their boots. That is why the recent furore over growth in
unsecured lending has apparently inspired hand-wringing among regulators. Some
media have reported that probes are being launched by the National Credit
Regulator and the Reserve Bank, while politicians are alarmed.

Yet the fears are at best confused and at worst downright dangerous. First
consider the facts.

According to the National Credit Regulator, last December the total amount of
unsecured loans was 25% higher than it was three months earlier and 57% higher
than a year ago. That sounds scary. Microloans have a bad history in SA, having
been the root cause of the last major banking crisis in 2001, which claimed
Saambou and Unifer.

But a few factors should calm the nerves. The first is that the overall
extension of credit grew 8,8% quarter on quarter. So that means unsecured loans
are absorbing a greater proportion of total lending. And it is instructive to
see where lending is shrinking - it is in home loans. Mortgages actually
declined 3,2% during the quarter, though compared to a year ago they are still
up 9,1%.

Other forms of secured credit, mostly car loans, have also been declining
slightly. So the vision of indebtedness spiralling out of control should be
tempered by the overall view - there is merely a shift from lending on a secured
basis to unsecured lending.

But why would banks be relatively keen on unsecured lending? There are a few
answers. The first is bank regulation. Unsecured loans are shorter term - almost
all of them are under five years in duration. This helps banks to face up to one
of the most onerous requirements of the new raft of post-financial-crisis
regulations that require banks to better term-match their balance sheets. That
means they are trying to lengthen the terms of their liabilities (mostly
deposits) and shorten the terms of their assets (mostly loans). That, so the
mandarins of global financial regulation believe, makes banks safer.

There are some other clear reasons for the growth. Capitec and African Bank have
been growing their unsecured lending significantly and the big banks are feeling
the competitive heat to get involved too. All of the big four banks have shiny
new microloan offerings that they are promoting to the mass market. It is
working. Capitec and African Bank have shown how they can run successful
mass-market lending businesses provided systems are in place to monitor and run
it.

Lastly, the consumer appetite for loans has improved and is showing a structural
shift: there are many more borrowers in the under-R10000-per-month earning
category than ever before.

That is partly to do with social grants, the expanding size of the public sector
workforce, and a general recovery in employment levels. With the economy showing
signs of recovery, banks are also less fearful of further retrenchments
decimating blue-collar consumers' ability to service debt.

Is any of this a reason to panic? No. It helps to remember that in the aftermath
of the Saambou debacle there was significant change to SA's lending
architecture. One important change was the creation of a loans register, so
people can no longer go out and obtain multiple loans from different lenders
without each of them knowing about the other. That has substantially improved
the risk of unsecured lending and has created a positive credit track record of
sorts - it is simple to check if an applicant has a loan they have serviced
properly.

The next major change has been the National Credit Act and the National Consumer
Regulator, which have improved regulatory standards and the quality of data
about the industry. There are now strict laws preventing lenders from abusive
lending practices.

The growth of unsecured lending has happened in a tightly regulated environment
and been driven by new technology that has reduced cost and increased the reach
of financial services, of which Capitec and African Bank are good examples. This
is not to say there won't be reckless borrowing used to fund consumption; but it
does mean that healthy borrowing is now available to more South Africans than
ever before.

While the Reserve Bank has been reported as investigating the growth of
unsecured lending, in fact it is merely improving the data it collects from the
banks.

The bottom line is that the time to panic about unsecured lending was a decade
ago; what we see now is far more healthy.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 16, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 760  words


Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

VISIONS of consumers drowning in debt is one to make regulators, politicians and
banks quake in their boots. That is why the recent furore over growth in
unsecured lending has apparently inspired hand-wringing among regulators. Some
media have reported that probes are being launched by the National Credit
Regulator and the Reserve Bank, while politicians are alarmed.

Yet the fears are at best confused and at worst downright dangerous. First
consider the facts.

According to the National Credit Regulator, last December the total amount of
unsecured loans was 25% higher than it was three months earlier and 57% higher
than a year ago. That sounds scary. Microloans have a bad history in SA, having
been the root cause of the last major banking crisis in 2001, which claimed
Saambou and Unifer.

But a few factors should calm the nerves. The first is that the overall
extension of credit grew 8,8% quarter on quarter. So that means unsecured loans
are absorbing a greater proportion of total lending. And it is instructive to
see where lending is shrinking - it is in home loans. Mortgages actually
declined 3,2% during the quarter, though compared to a year ago they are still
up 9,1%.

Other forms of secured credit, mostly car loans, have also been declining
slightly. So the vision of indebtedness spiralling out of control should be
tempered by the overall view - there is merely a shift from lending on a secured
basis to unsecured lending.

But why would banks be relatively keen on unsecured lending? There are a few
answers. The first is bank regulation. Unsecured loans are shorter term - almost
all of them are under five years in duration. This helps banks to face up to one
of the most onerous requirements of the new raft of post-financial-crisis
regulations that require banks to better term-match their balance sheets. That
means they are trying to lengthen the terms of their liabilities (mostly
deposits) and shorten the terms of their assets (mostly loans). That, so the
mandarins of global financial regulation believe, makes banks safer.

There are some other clear reasons for the growth. Capitec and African Bank have
been growing their unsecured lending significantly and the big banks are feeling
the competitive heat to get involved too. All of the big four banks have shiny
new microloan offerings that they are promoting to the mass market. It is
working. Capitec and African Bank have shown how they can run successful
mass-market lending businesses provided systems are in place to monitor and run
it.

Lastly, the consumer appetite for loans has improved and is showing a structural
shift: there are many more borrowers in the under-R10000-per-month earning
category than ever before.

That is partly to do with social grants, the expanding size of the public sector
workforce, and a general recovery in employment levels. With the economy showing
signs of recovery, banks are also less fearful of further retrenchments
decimating blue-collar consumers' ability to service debt.

Is any of this a reason to panic? No. It helps to remember that in the aftermath
of the Saambou debacle there was significant change to SA's lending
architecture. One important change was the creation of a loans register, so
people can no longer go out and obtain multiple loans from different lenders
without each of them knowing about the other. That has substantially improved
the risk of unsecured lending and has created a positive credit track record of
sorts - it is simple to check if an applicant has a loan they have serviced
properly.

The next major change has been the National Credit Act and the National Consumer
Regulator, which have improved regulatory standards and the quality of data
about the industry. There are now strict laws preventing lenders from abusive
lending practices.

The growth of unsecured lending has happened in a tightly regulated environment
and been driven by new technology that has reduced cost and increased the reach
of financial services, of which Capitec and African Bank are good examples. This
is not to say there won't be reckless borrowing used to fund consumption; but it
does mean that healthy borrowing is now available to more South Africans than
ever before.

While the Reserve Bank has been reported as investigating the growth of
unsecured lending, in fact it is merely improving the data it collects from the
banks.

The bottom line is that the time to panic about unsecured lending was a decade
ago; what we see now is far more healthy.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 16, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 760  words


Lay fears to rest: unsecured lending in SA is not spiralling out of control

VISIONS of consumers drowning in debt is one to make regulators, politicians and
banks quake in their boots. That is why the recent furore over growth in
unsecured lending has apparently inspired hand-wringing among regulators. Some
media have reported that probes are being launched by the National Credit
Regulator and the Reserve Bank, while politicians are alarmed.

Yet the fears are at best confused and at worst downright dangerous. First
consider the facts.

According to the National Credit Regulator, last December the total amount of
unsecured loans was 25% higher than it was three months earlier and 57% higher
than a year ago. That sounds scary. Microloans have a bad history in SA, having
been the root cause of the last major banking crisis in 2001, which claimed
Saambou and Unifer.

But a few factors should calm the nerves. The first is that the overall
extension of credit grew 8,8% quarter on quarter. So that means unsecured loans
are absorbing a greater proportion of total lending. And it is instructive to
see where lending is shrinking - it is in home loans. Mortgages actually
declined 3,2% during the quarter, though compared to a year ago they are still
up 9,1%.

Other forms of secured credit, mostly car loans, have also been declining
slightly. So the vision of indebtedness spiralling out of control should be
tempered by the overall view - there is merely a shift from lending on a secured
basis to unsecured lending.

But why would banks be relatively keen on unsecured lending? There are a few
answers. The first is bank regulation. Unsecured loans are shorter term - almost
all of them are under five years in duration. This helps banks to face up to one
of the most onerous requirements of the new raft of post-financial-crisis
regulations that require banks to better term-match their balance sheets. That
means they are trying to lengthen the terms of their liabilities (mostly
deposits) and shorten the terms of their assets (mostly loans). That, so the
mandarins of global financial regulation believe, makes banks safer.

There are some other clear reasons for the growth. Capitec and African Bank have
been growing their unsecured lending significantly and the big banks are feeling
the competitive heat to get involved too. All of the big four banks have shiny
new microloan offerings that they are promoting to the mass market. It is
working. Capitec and African Bank have shown how they can run successful
mass-market lending businesses provided systems are in place to monitor and run
it.

Lastly, the consumer appetite for loans has improved and is showing a structural
shift: there are many more borrowers in the under-R10000-per-month earning
category than ever before.

That is partly to do with social grants, the expanding size of the public sector
workforce, and a general recovery in employment levels. With the economy showing
signs of recovery, banks are also less fearful of further retrenchments
decimating blue-collar consumers' ability to service debt.

Is any of this a reason to panic? No. It helps to remember that in the aftermath
of the Saambou debacle there was significant change to SA's lending
architecture. One important change was the creation of a loans register, so
people can no longer go out and obtain multiple loans from different lenders
without each of them knowing about the other. That has substantially improved
the risk of unsecured lending and has created a positive credit track record of
sorts - it is simple to check if an applicant has a loan they have serviced
properly.

The next major change has been the National Credit Act and the National Consumer
Regulator, which have improved regulatory standards and the quality of data
about the industry. There are now strict laws preventing lenders from abusive
lending practices.

The growth of unsecured lending has happened in a tightly regulated environment
and been driven by new technology that has reduced cost and increased the reach
of financial services, of which Capitec and African Bank are good examples. This
is not to say there won't be reckless borrowing used to fund consumption; but it
does mean that healthy borrowing is now available to more South Africans than
ever before.

While the Reserve Bank has been reported as investigating the growth of
unsecured lending, in fact it is merely improving the data it collects from the
banks.

The bottom line is that the time to panic about unsecured lending was a decade
ago; what we see now is far more healthy.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            November 21, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Creating an Opportunity to transform lives in Africa;
AN INTRODUCTION FROM THE EDITOR ALLISTER HEATH

BYLINE: ALLISTER HEATH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 1064 words


Back our appeal - and make a real difference WHY YOU SHOULD GIVE CARLOS Moreno's
life changed forever when he received a loan from Opportunity International. In
less than two years, the hard-up Colombian entrepreneur had turned his small
spice making business into an 11-man operation growing, drying, packaging and
selling more than 50 different teas and spices.

That was in 1971 and Carlosas Opportunity's first-ever customer. In the
intervening 40 years the organisatioS n has transformed the lives of millions of
people in developing countries.

Headed by Edward Fox, a former Oxfam director, and with HRH Princess Anne as its
patron, Opportunity's UK operation gives people in poor countries such as Malawi
access to financial services such as bank accounts and loans.

Opportunity believes poverty is an economic challenge. It wants to give the
world's poorest people the chance to build their own businesses and save wisely,
to work their way to prosperity.

At its core are micro loans of as little as £50 per person, for people to invest
in growing a business. The enterprises could be growing extra crops to sell, or
trading food, spices or clothes, where a little extra investment can get them on
the path to growth. Where clients have grown their business and want larger
loans to take on staff or equipment, Opportunity can supply larger loans.

The aim of our Christmas appeal is to help Opportunity raise funding to expand
into the province of Nsanje in southern Malawi, an impoverished region of Africa
where almost half of people live on less than $1.25 a day.

Opportunity runs a network of bank branches in towns around the region but has
pioneered innovations such as mobile banks that drive out to rural villages to
give people a secure place to save their money.

Today, it serves more than 55,000 microloan clients and has opened more than
400,000 savings accounts in Malawi.

Through your donations, it can grow to reach thousands more entrepreneurs and
help to change their lives for the better.

ODAY City A.M. is launching its first Christmas appeal.

TAs a newspaper that has become a standard bearer for private enterprise and
individual responsibility, I'm delighted that we have formed a partnership with
Opportunity International, a brilliant charity that helps poor entrepreneurs
worldwide build independent and prosperous lives for themselves by lending them
money to grow their own businesses. It is the perfect charity for City A.M.'s
readers and for all of those who believe in the transformative power of
capitalism and market institutions. If you believe in a handup, not a handout,
this will be the perfect cause for you this Christmas.

Opportunity provides financial services (microloans and savings) and business
training to more than 2.3m people (84 per cent of whom are women) in 21
developing countries. It also provides innovative micro-insurance that today
protects 3.5m lives. The charity's patron is HRH Princess Anne, who has
travelled to Ghana and other countries in support of its projects.

Our appeal will be asking readers for donations to help Opportunity's work in
southern Malawi. The UK government will match every personal donation from our
readers pound for pound, immediately doubling its value. We are also launching
an online charity auction, in which readers can bid for a range of items (see
box on page opposite).

Our series on the appeal will run until the last week before Christmas, during
which we will carry interviews and profiles of supporters of Opportunity - and
also, crucially, of any major new donors who decide to back our appeal and who
want their support to be made public. The phone lines are open.

Many lives have been touched by Opportunity in Africa - and many City folk are
already contributing to Opportunity. Lloyds Banking Group in particular has
committed its resources and people to the charity's work on a major scale. We
will interview Lloyds' executive director Truett Tate to discover what the bank
gains from the relationship, as well as others such as Jonathan Moulds, Europe
president at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Martin Devenish, partner at
Goldman Sachs, who are active in assisting Opportunity. Please give generously
if you can - and thanks in advance for your support.

allister.heath@cityam.com Follow me on Twitter: @allisterheath INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT SECRETARY ANDREW MITCHELL M.P.

"THE only way we are going to beat poverty in the long run is through trade and
business, which is why we will match public donations to this appeal pound for
pound.

We want to help people help themselves out of poverty, and the coalition
government is determined to back innovative charities like Opportunity
International.

Our match funding scheme means that any donation made by a City A.M. reader to
the paper's Christmas appeal is doubled by the UK government, helping tens of
thousands of people in one of the poorest and least banked regions of Malawi
stand on their own two feet."

HOW YOU CAN HELP BY TEXT: CITY11 and amount (£5 or £10 only) to THERE are plenty
of easy ways to donate to the City A.M. Christmas appeal.

70070 Make your contribution today by going online at cityam.com/appeal to give
by debit or credit card; sending a text or calling the line below. Text
donations may not work from company mobile phones as these often block premium
messages We are also offering companies the opportunity to participate in the
appeal as corporate donors. BY PHONE: by debit or credit card to If interested,
contact Jennifer Bradford on jennifer.bradford@cityam.com or 020 3201 8900.
01865 725 304 www.cityam.com/appeal OPPORTUNITY IN NUMBERS HRH THE PRINCESS
ROYAL OPPORTUNITY INTERNATIONAL PATRON 9.8m Opportunity loans issued in past
five years "I am delighted that City A.M. and £140 average first loan in
Opportunity International Malawi have partnered for this very special appeal.
Having visited Opportunity 96% of all loans repaid International's work I have
seen first hand the difference that its microfinance programmes make £55 average
balance in savings account in Malawi to poor people. A small loan of £140 can
transform a poor person's business and give them a hand-up out of poverty.

405,000 clients with savings accounts in Malawi I urge readers of City A.M. to
generously support this appeal."

"The British government believes that trade and business is the long-term
solution to poverty."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Catherine Mbaya, one of Opportunity International's clients in
Lilongwe, Malawi. Picture: Trevor Samson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2011 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           September 11, 2009 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Unions win some fights but capital holds aces

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 589 words


Much will - justifiably - be made of the premiere of the documentary, Anthrax
War, which publicly launches the 2009 Tri-Continental film festival at the
Maponya Mall in Soweto tonight. It should be seen by everyone concerned about
the future of humanity.

But trade unionists should make a point of seeing another festival offering,
Made in LA. At a preview screening I saw a stark lesson for organised labour the
world over: globalise or possibly perish.

The film should have resonance for the local garment industry, where the union
this week was counting strike ballots in a fight over pay and conditions. It is
a story of how ultimate defeat can be snatched from the jaws of hard-fought
victory in the demand for decent work and wages.

This demand is the cornerstone of labour's campaign internationally but, with a
globally fragmented workforce, victory in one region is invariably stalked by
the spectre of unemployment as sweatshop production moves across continents.

Until recently, many brands of clothing sold in the US were made in Los Angeles
by a small army of mainly Latino women, many of them illegal immigrants. They
suffered appalling conditions and wages.

Made in LA is the story of the long struggle by these workers to organise and
win such basic rights as an eight-hour day, humane working conditions and a
minimum wage. A classic case of union building it has lessons for every unionist
on how to educate, organise and agitate to victory.

But the film ends with a message that is all too familiar in South Africa:
having won the battle the workers realise they may have lost the war as capital,
unlike labour, observes no borders.

A sequel would tell a tale that is also all too familiar to many South African
workers: having won decent wages at last, credit becomes readily available for
everything from homes and cars to furniture. Then jobs migrate and unemployment
arrives, followed closely by the credit crunch.

I know of no documentary illustrating this, but the credit crunch is being
played out in real life in cities and townships around the world as debt
defaults and repossessions rise alongside job losses.

Despite the National Credit Act coming into effect in June 2007 the position of
lower paid workers who are most vulnerable to retrenchment does not seem to have
improved. The act, intended to curb irresponsible lending, did make credit more
difficult to get, but it has kept the township loan sharks - the mashonisas - in
business.

In any event, the cost of credit in the microloan market remains punitive: with
permitted additional fees, interest can legally be as high as 385 percent a
year.

Jonathan Campbell, the dean of Rhodes University's law faculty, notes that the
2007 rules set the maximum interest rate on microloans (loans below R8 000) at 5
percent a month, or 60 percent a year.

Many workers still lack a clear understanding of interest rates and, as the
unions continue to stress, it is they who bear the brunt of the economic crisis.

Reader Eric Bolt points out that it still seems tempting to pay just R173 a
month, with a deposit of R270, to own a new fridge, but interest and fees can
mean a hire purchase like this will nearly double the price.

This has led to a high debt to disposable income ratio, which stood at 76.3
percent by the end of June, even as household income declined by an annualised
rate of 5.7 percent in the first half.

However, there is some good news: at the very basic pap, cooking oil and chicken
level, food prices seem to have stabilised or even marginally declined.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 15, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sacrificing Microcredit for Megaprofits

BYLINE: By MUHAMMAD YUNUS.

Muhammad Yunus, the founder of Grameen Bank, received the Nobel Peace Prize in
2006.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 906 words


Dhaka, Bangladesh

IN the 1970s, when I began working here on what would eventually be called
''microcredit,'' one of my goals was to eliminate the presence of loan sharks
who grow rich by preying on the poor. In 1983, I founded Grameen Bank to provide
small loans that people, especially poor women, could use to bring themselves
out of poverty. At that time, I never imagined that one day microcredit would
give rise to its own breed of loan sharks.

But it has. And as a result, many borrowers in India have been defaulting on
their microloans, which could then result in lenders being driven out of
business. India's crisis points to a clear need to get microcredit back on
track.

Troubles with microcredit began around 2005, when many lenders started looking
for ways to make a profit on the loans by shifting from their status as
nonprofit organizations to commercial enterprises. In 2007, Compartamos, a
Mexican bank, became Latin America's first microcredit bank to go public. And
this past August, SKS Microfinance, the largest bank of its kind in India,
raised $358 million in an initial public offering.

To ensure that the small loans would be profitable for their shareholders, such
banks needed to raise interest rates and engage in aggressive marketing and loan
collection. The kind of empathy that had once been shown toward borrowers when
the lenders were nonprofits disappeared. The people whom microcredit was
supposed to help were being harmed. In India, borrowers came to believe lenders
were taking advantage of them, and stopped repaying their loans.

Commercialization has been a terrible wrong turn for microfinance, and it
indicates a worrying ''mission drift'' in the motivation of those lending to the
poor. Poverty should be eradicated, not seen as a money-making opportunity.

There are serious practical problems with treating microcredit as an ordinary
profit-maximizing business. Instead of creating wholesale funds dedicated to
lending money to microfinance institutions, as Bangladesh has done, these
commercial organizations raise larger sums in volatile international financial
markets, and then transmit financial risks to the poor.

Furthermore, it means commercial microcredit institutions are subject to demands
for ever-increasing profits, which can only come in the form of higher interest
rates charged to the poor, defeating the very purpose of the loans.

Some advocates of commercialization say it's the only way to attract the money
that's needed to expand the availability of microcredit and to ''liberate'' the
system from dependence on foundations and other charitable donors. But it is
possible to harness investment in microcredit -- and even make a profit --
without working through either charities or global financial markets.

Grameen Bank, where I am managing director, has 2,500 branches in Bangladesh. It
lends out more than $100 million a month, from loans of less than $10 for
beggars in our ''Struggling Members'' program, to micro-enterprise loans of
about $1,000. Most branches are financially self-reliant, dependent only on
deposits from ordinary Bangladeshis. When borrowers join the bank, they open a
savings account. All borrowers have savings accounts at the bank, many with
balances larger than their loans. And every year, the bank's profits are
returned to the borrowers -- 97 percent of them poor women -- in the form of
dividends.

More microcredit institutions should adopt this model. The community needs to
reaffirm the original definition of microcredit, abandon commercialization and
turn back to serving the poor.

Stricter government regulation could help. The maximum interest rate should not
exceed the cost of the fund -- meaning the cost that is incurred by the bank to
procure the money to lend -- plus 15 percent of the fund. That 15 percent goes
to cover operational costs and contribute to profit. In the case of Grameen
Bank, the cost of fund is 10 percent. So, the maximum interest rate could be 25
percent. However, we charge 20 percent to the borrowers. The ideal ''spread''
between the cost of the fund and the lending rate should be close to 10 percent.

To enforce such a cap, every country where microloans are made needs a
microcredit regulatory authority. Bangladesh, which has the most microcredit
borrowers per square mile in the world, has had such an authority for several
years, and it is devoted to ensuring transparency in lending and prevented
excessive interest rates and collection practices. In the future, it may be able
to accredit microfinance banks. India, with its burgeoning microcredit sector,
is most in need of a similar agency.

There are always people eager to take advantage of the vulnerable. But credit
programs that seek to profit from the suffering of the poor should not be
described as ''microcredit,'' and investors who own such programs should not be
allowed to benefit from the trust and respect that microcredit banks have
rightly earned.

Governments are responsible for preventing such abuse. In 1997, then First Lady
Hillary Clinton and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of Bangladesh met with other
world leaders to commit to providing 100 million poor people with microloans and
other financial services by 2005. At the time, it looked like an utterly
impossible task, but by 2006 we had achieved it. World leaders should come
together again to provide the powerful and visionary leadership to help steer
microcredit back on course.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY KEITH NEGLEY)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            February 2, 2009, Monday

One Chavista explains how 'Father Ch z' brought dignity to Venezuela's poor

BYLINE: Charlie Devereux

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: CARACAS, VENEZUELA


President Hugo Chavez might have many critics, but he can also count on legions
of passionate supporters - many of them poor - who say he's the first leader to
take their problems seriously.

One such supporter is Nancy Monsalve. The middle-aged community worker, who has
lived all her life in the tough Caracas barrio of 23 de Enero, says life under
Mr. Chavez has improved significantly. "I complained against the system because
we were repressed," she says of life before Chavez came to power in 1999.

Ms. Monsalve says there were often curfews imposed by the National Guard in her
neighborhood, a poor slum in the western reaches of Caracas and one of the
strongholds of support for Mr. Chavez's leftist movement.

"There were curfews," she says. "You couldn't go out after 6 in the evening to
go shopping. We were censored 100 percent. You couldn't say what you thought
because automatically you would be thrown in jail."

When Chavez was swept to power by the 1998 elections, Monsalve says that the
marginalized poor communities could relate to his ideology.

"Ordinary people like us, who were in disagreement with what was going on,
identified closely with the process led by Chavez's government," she says. "We
now feel free to say 'It's good, or it's bad.' Now, the National Guard looks at
us with respect and dignity. That kind of thing has changed in the last 10
years."

Since 2006, she has volunteered as treasurer of a community council, an
initiative implemented by Chavez to discuss and fix local problems. Twenty-three
elected members of the council, representing 650 families, communicate with
departments of the government to address the neighborhood's most pressing needs.

The group has already received funds to replace the corroded iron pipes that
deliver potable water into their homes with plastic tubes. Another change has
seen natural gas piped directly into the community's kitchens.

Monsalve is also a member of the community bank, a scheme that allows
communities to administer microloans to small businesses. "If someone wants to
create a sewing cooperative, the bank lends them money to buy machines and we
take account of their income and who works there. We stipulate the payment
norms," she says. "If a state bank came to do this, the policies of the bank
would make it unviable because of interest rates."

The community bank lends money at variable interest rates of 6 or 7 percent,
which is far below what private banks offer, and also gives businesses a
three-month breathing space to allow themselves to become established.

Monsalve disputes critics' claims that Chavez's social initiatives are
unsustainable and are creating a dependency on the state. She cites the
microloan program as an initiative that is creating long-lasting employment.

"It's not that 'Father Chavez' is always going to give us handouts. If we want
to live better we have a responsibility to do it ourselves," she says.

Chavez's social initiatives have made him popular in her barrio, she says, "You
can feel a passion for the revolution here. There's a lot of 'red' people here -
people who are with the government."

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            November 21, 2010 Sunday

Elvira M. Valles: ACCION can help when banks don't lend

BYLINE: by Elvira M. Valles \ Special to the Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 524 words


Christmas is the busiest retail season of the year and, unlike the past two
years, retailers are looking forward to the 2010 holiday season.

The National Retail Federation, the world's largest retail trade association,
recently released its annual holiday retail sales prediction and expects U.S.
holiday sales to rise 2.3 percent. This is an uptick from 2009's 0.4 percent and
2008's decrease of 3.9 percent.

The International Council of Shopping Centers, another trade group, predicts
that U.S. sales at stores open at least a year will climb 3 percent to 3.5
percent this holiday season, the best performance since 2006.

According to the National Retail Federation, retail sales in November and
December account for 20 percent to 40 percent of U.S. retailers' annual revenue.
When increased sales are expected, retailers also may need additional employees
to meet customer demand. Seasonal retail jobs this year are expected to be more
plentiful than they've been since the recession began.

All this good news means retailers should prepare for happier holidays this
year. Any retail rush can also be stressful for retailers. For the unprepared,
it can be disastrous.

Below are tips to be prepared for increased sales.

     ·    Determine whether your store has ample bags, gift wrap, cash register
          tape, gift certificates and other office supplies.Examine inventory
          levels.Order top sellers and impulse items to stock near the register.
          Check the currency in the cash registers daily.


Small-business owners should prepare for the season by having the capital to
purchase inventories or meet new payroll obligations for this holiday season.
Having sufficient working capital is key to the success of any business, and
that often means finding a funding source that can provide money quickly and
easily.

Retailers should organize the following information so that if they need to
borrow capital to purchase inventory, they are prepared. Borrowers should
complete a lender's application and submit it. Once it has been submitted, the
following information is usually needed:

     ·    Copy of valid identification.Tax returns.Bank statements.Paycheck
          stubs.Utility bill.Itemize collateral.


The nation's largest micro-lender, nonprofit organization ACCION
Texas-Louisiana, provides microloans when commercial banks don't. They offer
small-business loans to those who can't access traditional funding services.
Typically a loan approval decision on a completed application will be provided
within two to three business days.

ACCION Texas-Louisiana has offices in Texas and Louisiana that serve small
businesses with limited access to traditional sources of credit. Its goal is to
help businesses establish credit and expand so they can obtain future financing
from larger lending institutions. The organization has the largest and best
performing microloan portfolio in the United States -- valued at more than $27
million, with an average loan size of $16,000. Its loans range in size from $500
to $100,000.

Elvira M. Valles is regional director of ACCION Texas.

Find out more

     ·    For more information about ACCION Texas-Louisiana please call
          866-312-3775 or visit www.acciontexas.org.


LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            December 10, 2012 Monday

Microcredit schemes struggle to aid rural poor;
Providing small loans to help reduce poverty has been widely successful
globally, but various problems hamper similar moves on the mainland

BYLINE: Mandy Zuo mandy.zuo@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 06

LENGTH: 951 words


The first investments by a long-awaited fund dedicated to helping the poor
through financial services has helped shed light on the huge hurdles still
facing microcredit organisations in rural China.

Such non-governmental organisations, which now number about 100 on the mainland,
aim to support entrepreneurship and fight poverty by providing small loans to
individuals and businesses who would normally have trouble accessing credit. But
they have long been starved of funding because Beijing has been reluctant to
categorise them as bona fide financial institutions, banning them from receiving
deposits.

The Inclusive Finance Wholesale Fund, established last year by Beijing-based
wealth-management firm CreditEase, was designed to change that.

The fund - the first of its kind on the mainland - is modelled after one by
Palli Karma-Sahayak Foundation's (PKSF) in Bangladesh, which provides financial
assistance to various microcredit organisations. Like the PKSF, the Inclusive
fund raises large sums from corporate or individual investors and redistributes
the money in smaller portions to the NGOs.

So far, it has raised 10 million yuan (HK$12.3 million) in the capital and, on
Thursday, delivered the first 5 million yuan to five selected microcredit NGOs.

Du Xiaoshan, deputy director of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences' Rural
Development Institute, said China, unlike other developing nations, has failed
to support microcredit NGOs and allow them a free hand to help fight poverty.

"We have called for government support for so many years and all we can do now
is continue urging, in the hope of moving the gods," said Du, who some call "the
father of China's microcredit" for pushing the establishment of the mainland's
first microcredit NGOs in the 1990s.

Professor Liu Lingling, of Tsinghua University's school of economics and
management, said government support for microcredit NGOs could play an important
role in efforts to improve the financial circumstances of the estimated 128
million currently living in poverty - 13 per cent of the population.

"Doubling the income of these poverty-stricken people in remote areas in the
next eight years will be a very tough task for the government," Liu said.

President Hu Jintao, in his report to the 18th national party congress last
month, called for doubling the per capita incomes of all citizens from 2010
levels by 2020. Hu had earlier vowed to guarantee access to those living under
the poverty line to adequate food, clothing, education, health care and housing
by the end of the decade.

Last year, the mainland's poverty line was lifted by 92 per cent from the 2009
standard to the current threshold of US$1 per person per day.

Microcredit NGOs emerged in 1994 and initially flourished. At their peak in 2003
there were more than 300, but only a third survived the decade, according to a
report by CreditEase.

"Because they are not allowed to receive deposits and their start-up funds are
usually small, many NGOs have difficulties in expanding and thus cannot meet the
demand from their clients," the report said.

Du said that many counties listed as poverty-stricken do not have a single
functioning microcredit NGO. By the end of last year, nearly 1,700, or roughly
four per cent, of all the mainland's townships had no financial institutions at
all, according to the CBRC.

Since its launch earlier this year, the Inclusive Finance Wholesale Fund has
received applications for investment from 18 microcredit NGOs. Five of them have
passed assessment and been chosen as the first beneficiaries.

Among the beneficiaries is the Xixiang Women's Development Association of
Hanzhong , Shaanxi province.

Qin Xiuping, its secretary general, said her organisation has been left with no
bad debt since it started its microcredit programme in 2006. She said most of
the money was lent to woman farmers who raise hogs, chickens or cows.

"We charge yearly interest of 11.76 per cent and the borrowers are required to
repay the debt in four payments in the year," she said. "For one who has
borrowed 1,000 yuan, she usually makes 1,000 yuan after repaying the debt."

Besides difficulties in financing, Du said many microcredit NGOs were facing
challenges in improving the quality of their staff and their management
practices.

"Also, whether they can keep their initial goals [of helping the poor] in their
minds is important," he said.

Zhou Weimin, deputy director of Peking University's Advanced Financial
Information Research Centre, said how to make investors trust microcredit NGOs
was another challenge.

"China does not lack wealthy people with loving hearts and NGOs should remain
transparent to win their support," he said.

Xu Chao, manager of CreditEase's corporate development department, said many
rich people would rather donate money directly to the poor than lend to them and
charge interest.

"They don't understand that the point of microcredit is to teach the poor to
create wealth with their credit," Xu said.

Rural credit co-operatives are the main source of microloans for rural residents
today. Some banks also offer microloans to students, the jobless and the
especially poor in rural areas, but they have reduced their exposure as bad
loans and the higher costs of meeting the varied demands of their widely
dispersed customer base eroded their confidence.

Besides these, there were about 850 "new rural financial organisations",
including rural banks, microcredit firms and rural mutual co-operatives,
offering similar services as of the end of September, according to statistics
from the China Banking Regulatory Commission.

But that is far too few to significantly reduce the massive numbers currently
living in poverty.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Zhang Xiulan at her farm in Yixian county, Hebei. Loans from
microcredit provider Project Happiness helped her expand to 300 hogs within two
years.; A self-employed businessman in Shandong province discusses his microloan
from a rural credit co-operative. Photos: Josephine Ma, SCMP Pictures

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times West Virginian (Fairmont, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2009 Sunday

Stimulating success: Chamber's ?Financing Options for Your Business' program
June 9

BYLINE: Jessica Legge, The Times West Virginian, Fairmont

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1058 words


May 24--FAIRMONT -- The Marion County Chamber of Commerce is helping small
businesses learn about financing assistance that could help them succeed.

A chamber event, titled "Financing Options for Your Business," will take place
at 6 p.m. June 9 at the I-79 Technology Park Research Center in Fairmont.

The organization is inviting all of its members to attend this reception,
sponsored by Freedom Bank and the West Virginia High Technology Consortium
Foundation. The event, which the chamber's small business committee is
organizing, will give attendees the opportunity to discuss financing options
that are available.

"The reason we're doing this now is we feel it's very timely because of all the
stimulus funding that is coming through," Tina Shaw, president of the chamber,
said.

During this panel discussion, several organizations will talk about the
financing assistance that small businesses can apply for and the application
process, she said. Attendees will be able to find out about the federal
government money now available for start-ups, expansion and other business
needs.

The panel will include representatives from the Small Business Administration,
Washington County Council on Economic Development, West Virginia Economic
Development Authority, and U.S. Department of Commerce.

"This is one of the things that our members have told us that they want," Shaw
said. "They want us to host programs that are educational that will help them
grow their business (and) showcase products that are out there that could assist
them."

She said there is no cost to attend, and the event will be catered. The chamber
is also inviting local financial institutions and other economic-development
agencies to provide information to the small businesses.

"They will be there to answer any questions," Shaw said. "That connection will
be right there."

"We think it's going to be very beneficial to our small business members."

To attend, call the Marion County Chamber of Commerce at 304-363-0442 by June 2.
While the event is for chamber members, interested persons who aren't members
can call the office to see if seating is available.

On March 16, President Barack Obama announced enhancements to some of the SBA's
programs as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. During
the upcoming chamber reception, representatives from the SBA will present
updates on the new stimulus package and talk about some additional enhancements.

Rick Haney, public affairs officer for the SBA's West Virginia District Office
in Clarksburg, said the focus will be on the agency's regular loans, which the
stimulus package enhances.

The SBA will also discuss some of the qualifications that lenders take into
account when it comes to financing and how small businesses can be prepared when
they go to the bank. Lenders base much of their decision on a small business'
credit and character, he said.

"Each lender's different, but they have basically the same type of credit that
they look for," Haney said. "Mostly it's credit-worthiness. They're looking for
payback -- how they're going to be repaid."

Small businesses that get any SBA loan this year will incur no fees, he said.
The elimination of those costs to get an SBAâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]loan is a big
incentive for businesses.

Haney said the 7(a) loan is the SBA's main financing program, providing funding
for any type of business need. The SBA also has a Microloan program, and the 504
loan is a fixed-asset loan program offered through certified development
companies and lenders.

He explained that the SBA doesn't make direct loans, but the funding is
available through small business lenders.

"We do work with just about every lender in the state as far as SBA loan
programs," he said.

Around the middle of June, the SBAâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]will offer the America's
Recovery Capital (ARC) loan, which is also tied in with the stimulus program.
The details are still being worked out for this new loan, which will provide
funding of up to $35,000 for viable small businesses that need help making
payments on existing non-SBA loans or debts. The loan is 100 percent guaranteed,
has a 0 percent interest rate, and repayment doesn't start until a year down the
road, Haney said.

"They can use that to basically catch up their delinquencies," he said.

Haney said if small businesses are looking to borrow money from a lender, the
chamber event would be an ideal spot for them.

"The SBA looks upon chambers and entities like that as resource partners," he
said. "They're our eyes and ears. They're our direct contact with the small
business, where we're the more direct contact with the lenders."

He said it's important "to reach out to the small business community and let
them know what's available," and to get their feedback.

The Washington County Council on Economic Development, another participant in
the chamber's panel discussion, has been around for 20 years. This entity, out
of Washington, Pa., is an SBA Microloan lender that does work in Marion,
Harrison and Monongalia counties and in four counties in southwestern
Pennsylvania, said Ed Nemeth, senior loan officer.

"We specialize in helping entrepreneurs and start-up businesses as well as any
small business that's looking to expand," he said. "We don't have the stringent
lending criteria that your (banks have). We're better equipped to help an
entrepreneur start up a company."

Nemeth said the Microloan program offers anywhere from $1,000 to $35,000 to
small businesses, and the average loan is around $19,000.

While the Washington County Council on Economic Development has been working in
Monongalia County for a while, the organization is trying to get the word out in
Marion and Harrison counties about its services.

"We're trying to expand our presence down into Marion and Harrison," he said.
"Marion and Harrison are newer to us."

The council is trying to let small businesses know that it's there to help.

E-mail Jessica Legge at jlegge@timeswv.com

To see more of The Times West Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timeswv.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times West Virginian, Fairmont
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090524-TF-Stimulating-success-0524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TF


                                 Copyright 2009


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

Sassa does not have details of loans

BYLINE: MOYAGABO MAAKE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 480  words


Sassa does not have details of loans

Financial Services Writer

THE South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) has conceded it has no
technical data on the extent to which social grant recipients are indebted and
has mounted its defence in a legal challenge to its regulations barring
deductions on anecdotes from complainants.

Spokesman Kgomoco Diseko on Tuesday said the agency did not possess granular
information on which financial services providers - other than Net1 UEPS and
Finbond Mutual Bank, which are seeking a declaratory order against Sassa and the
Department of Social Development in the high court - loaned money to grant
recipients.

& The providers of loans are wide ranging in the grants environment, ranging
from a one-person establishment to bigger players,& Diseko said.

In June, department acting director-general Thokozani Magwaza said civil society
organisations and other parties told a ministerial task team that & big sharks
in suits loan money to the poor, specifically those with debt problems and those
who have never applied for loans before& This was in response to legal action
taken by Net1 and its associate companies, along with Finbond, asking the court
to declare the department's changes to the Social Assistance Act, which
regulates the disbursement of grants, unconstitutional.

The changes, which followed recommendations from the ministerial task team,
include barring deductions for funeral policies from children's grants and
limiting the number of deductions on other types of grants to just one, which
will be capped at 10% of the total value of the grant.

Other financial services providers are keeping an eye on developments, although
the effect on their business is expected to be minimal.

Sassa has announced that it will stop all funeral premium deductions from
December 2016 unless adult grant beneficiaries confirmed the legitimacy of these
policies in person at the nearest agency office.

All funeral deductions from childcare and temporary grants would be discontinued
from December 2016.

& This applies to funeral policies only,& Diseko said.

Sassa has not announced its plans for other types of deductions from social
grants, leaving financial institutions uncertain about existing debit orders for
obligations such as microloans.

& We will study the extent of the changes but believe that they will have little
or no impact on our business,& said Hannalie Crous, head of retail credit at
First National Bank.

Charl Nel, spokesman for Capitec, one of the country's largest microloan
providers, said it did not grant loans to social grant recipients.

Nedbank said it had & limited exposure& to social grant recipients in its
lending. & As such, the effect of the amendment will be minimal,& said a
spokesman.

maakem@bdfm.co.za

PAY LINE: Social Assistance Act changes include limiting the number of
deductions on grants. Picture: DAILY DISPATCH

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

Bank of America to Hire Nearly 100 New Small Business Bankers in Communities
Throughout Texas

LENGTH: 754 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 12 -- As part of its plan to hire over 1,000 new small business
bankers across the nation, Bank of America today announced that it will hire
nearly 100 small business bankers in Texas - including Austin, Dallas, Fort
Worth, Houston and San Antonio - by the end of first quarter 2012. The
Dallas-Fort Worth region was among the first three markets in the country to
begin hiring Bank of America small business bankers, and more than 75 bankers
have already been hired throughout the state.

Through a relationship with a Bank of America small business banker, customers
will have convenient access to local small business expertise and a dedicated
resource who knows their business. Small business bankers will consult with
small business owners at their place of business and assess their companies'
deposit, credit and cash management needs.

"Bank of America is changing the way we do business with small business owners
so we can more acutely address the complex financial issues they face each day,"
said Anna Colton, small business banker national sales executive for Bank of
America. "Our small business customers want a banking relationship that meets
them where they are, providing solutions that are tailored for their business.
This hiring effort addresses their needs head on by bringing the banking
experience to our small business customers' place of business and by providing
them with solutions to manage their money more efficiently and effectively."

Across the state of Texas, 96 percent of all businesses are small businesses
with less than 100 employees, employing approximately one third of the state's
workforce, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. In Dallas alone, nearly 80
percent of the city's businesses are small businesses, employing close to 40
percent of the city's workforce, according to the City of Dallas Office of
Economic Development. And the Houston area is home to more than 228,000
businesses with less than 100 employees according to Greater Houston
Partnership. City to city, these small business owners are often faced with
unique and complex financial demands that require personalized guidance from a
small business banker who understands their unique needs.

"Texas has a longstanding history of entrepreneurial excellence, serving as the
backbone of our state's economy for over a century," said Kim Ruth, Houston and
Texas market president for Bank of America. "Our small business bankers are able
to provide business owners across Texas the financial guidance they need to keep
their businesses moving forward, which in turn will benefit our state's and
nation's economy."

As a part of its ongoing commitment to small business, Bank of America extended
$18 billion of credit to small businesses in 2010, up from $16.5 billion in
2009. As the nation's largest investor in Community Development Financial
Institutions, Bank of America last August began awarding $10 million in grants
to nonprofit lenders for use as loan loss reserves required to access federal
microlending capital. As of March 31, 2011, 96 grants totaling more than $6.4
million have gone to nonprofit lenders who have used the funds to access over
eight times that amount, $53 million, in microloan capital, enabling them to
make more than 3,000 microloans to small businesses and start-ups, helping to
retain or create more than 7,000 jobs in local communities across the nation.

As of June 2010, Bank of America has also increased its spending with small,
medium-sized and diverse businesses through a commitment to purchase $10 billion
in products and services from those suppliers over five years. In 2010, Bank of
America has already spent $4.1 billion with small, medium-sized and diverse
businesses, tracking ahead of schedule to meet its goal.

Other efforts to help small businesses include recent improvements to the bank's
two million small business credit card accounts, such as no penalty rate
increases on existing balances, and enhancements to the Advisor AllianceTM
retirement plan platform, which serves more than 900,000 people from more than
40,000 businesses. Advisor Alliance combines Merrill Lynch investment and
advisory services with a choice of diverse, committed partners to provide
competitive recordkeeping and plan administration services for businesses'
retirement plan needs Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

SBA in Credit Union Alliance for 7a Lending

                             July 11, 2000, Tuesday

BY MARIAN JARLENSKI

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The Small Business Administration has a new lending ally in its effort to serve
poor areas: community development credit unions

The SBA and the National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions have
struck a partnership agreement that formally recognizes their shared goal of
recharging distressed communities by helping out local businesses

Seven community development credit unions are partners with the SBA in its
popular 7a loan program, and the agency's officials would like to see the total
rise to 50 under the trade group agreement

"Community development credit unions know how to make the kinds of loans that
help small business in new markets," said Fred Hochberg, SBA deputy
administrator "All they need is access to the backing that comes from SBA loan
guaranties"

Credit unions have never been barred from the 7a program, which backs up to 80%
of loan amounts up to $750,000, but restrictions on their business lending have
discouraged borrowers from approaching them, an SBA spokesman said Indeed, only
a handful of the 7,000 lenders that have used the 7a program in the last five
years are credit unions

Walter Merkle, a specialist in small- and microbusiness lending at the credit
union federation, said its members and the SBA complement each other Community
development credit unions focus on the same urban and rural low-income areas
that the agency seeks to revitalize

"The SBA has realized that, historically and on a continuing basis, we are
serving the needs of the disenfranchised," Mr Merkle said "We are a natural
distribution service for their efforts"

The SBA is also urging community development credit unions to tap a smaller
program that makes loans of up to $25,000 to small entrepreneurs for any purpose
except to buy real estate, make a down payment, or refinance debt Through the
Microloan Intermediary program, a lender essentially becomes a go-between for
the SBA, lending government funds in underserved areas Though the program was
begun in 1993, community development credit unions have in recent months shown
more interest in it as another way to cultivate weaker local economies through
lending

Alternatives Credit Union in Ithaca, NY, has made SBA-backed loans since 1996
but only recently became a microloan intermediary The $31 million-asset
organization has about 17 guaranty loans out, mostly in the $20,000-to-$25,000
range, said John Halleron, director of business lending

"The Microloan Intermediary program is really closer to our target market," Mr
Halleron said "These are the smaller-size loans that the regular banking
industry doesn't want to get into"

He added that the community development system of lending emphasizes education
His credit union gives members a business development program that includes
three 11-week sessions to help entrepreneurs develop a solid financial strategy

The $11 million-asset Vermont Development Credit Union also incorporates
investment training in its lending program, said president Karyl Stewart

"We have developed what we call 'counseling-based lending' -- we work with
borrowers to make them bankable," Ms Stewart said "I think the SBA is trying to
reach farther down the economic ladder in their work, and we're an obvious tool
for that"

Copyright c 2000 American Banker, Inc All Rights Reserved
http://wwwamericanbankercom

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 559 words

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday

Idaho Women's Business Center in Boise offers help with planning, microloans

BYLINE: Cady McGovern

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1222  words


Sheila Spangler and her co-workers at the Idaho Women's Business Center
understand the trials of starting a business. After all, the center has gone
through its own growing pains since it opened Jan. 3.

"We first learned the hard way," said Spangler, the center's manager.

"You never know what's going to happen. "

When the center opened, it was inundated with clients. Spangler and her
co-workers, business development specialist Karen Hungerford and
marketing-communications specialist Stacie Dagres, each took on around five
clients per day. That left no time to follow up with clients or for the center
to hit its own startup milestones.

Spangler said she realized the three had to work "on the business," not just "in
the business. "  That means they had to take time out from helping their new
clients to get the center fully up and running. It's a lesson she applies to the
center's clients as well.

"If you don't set aside time to do that, then you're not going to make it," she
said. "We're so busy, we don't have time to reinvent the wheel. "

Spangler instituted "mute Mondays," where the center's employees scheduled no
client appointments and instead worked on milestones such as building a website.
"Follow-up Fridays" were reserved for follow-up appointments. The changes have
helped the center's startup run more smoothly.

Spangler said some small business owners fall into the same trap of thinking
they have to be available to clients at all times. But, she said, it's important
to be able to focus on the client's needs and not be distracted by issues going
on within the business. If that means being available to the client fewer days
each week in order to keep the business itself running at top speed, that's what
has to be done. Spangler also said it's important not to "cheat" and sneak in
time with clients during the time allotted for working on the business itself.

"You have an appointment with yourself," she said, "and you've got to respect
yourself as well. "

Taking that time to work "on the business" has paid off for the Women's Business
Center. Spangler said the center has helped more than 70 clients so far and
advised more than 20 people who did not end up being clients for various
reasons.

The Women's Business Center is part of the Mountain States Group, a Boise-based
nonprofit that hosts about 20 programs. The center focuses on economic
development, mostly by helping people who want to start a business and guiding
them through the first two to three years of operation.

"A lot of what we're doing is educating people," Spangler said. The center helps
potential business owners create business plans, including budgets and financial
projections. Spangler said many people who are passionate about a business idea
but have little experience running a business haven't necessarily considered all
the details, and haven't worked out on paper whether the idea is financially
viable.

"A lot of the time it's a mystery to people when they're first starting out in
business," she said.

The center also helps clients obtain microloans through lenders such as
MicroEnterprise Training & Assistance, another program hosted by Mountain States
Group. META offers loans from $500 to $15,000. The program has historically
focused on refugees, but has added funding pools for general borrowers, green
business development and women-owned businesses.

Sabre Knie and Helena Krucynska of Chrysalis Makeup Artistry and Image
Consulting obtained a META loan through the Women's Business Center. They needed
to borrow $4,500 for startup costs such as furniture, office fixtures, makeup
inventory, a website, and business cards.  They worked with Karen Hungerford to
develop a business plan to present to META.

"We call them our business therapists," Krucynska said. "They're really
encouraging.

"I think the business plan is good to do whether you want a loan or not," she
said. "It kind of grounds you a little bit having to do that. " Creating a
business plan helped Knie and Krucynska decide how best to divide their
responsibilities - Knie manages the finances, while Krucynska handles marketing
and research - and put their ideas into practice.

"We want to do it right," Knie said. Chrysalis caters to women who want their
makeup done professionally for special events such as weddings, bachelorette
parties or proms, as well as women who want help updating their wardrobe or
creating a personal style. Knie and Krucynska have already worked with clients
offsite, but they are using part of their microloan to create a space where
their clients can feel comfortable having their makeup done before special
events.

"We want it to be a place people want to come to: a sexy environment that makes
you feel sexy because you're going to look sexy," Knie said. Both women said the
center's help was a boon to the business.

Krucynska said they could've started the business on their own, without the
center's help, but "it just would've been a lot slower. "

"It always costs more money and takes longer than you think," Knie said.

Some clients who come to the center with a business idea learn there that it
simply isn't viable, Spangler said. Sometimes those people continue to work with
the center to see if they can make the idea work, and sometimes they give up on
the idea altogether.

"The benefit is we're not having those people go out and put themselves at
financial risk," Spangler said. "Perhaps we've helped them avoid a financial
catastrophe. "

The center's goal, though, is to see small businesses succeed. And the center
offers help to any small business that needs it, though it does focus on a
certain demographic of women.

"Our target is primarily women who have been socially and economically
disadvantaged," Spangler said. They don't turn others away, but they focus their
outreach toward women who "might not have had the education or the resources to
know these things are available. "

The center gets some of its funding from a Small Business Administration grant
of $150,000 each year for five years. This year and next year, the center must
match $75,000 of that money, at least half in cash (the rest can be made up of
in-kind donations such as office equipment). The center must match the entire
$150,000 each year in years three through five.

To obtain its matching funds, the center solicits contributions of all sizes
from community foundations and applies for grants. The center also charges
clients an enrollment fee that goes toward matching the SBA grant.

If the center can meet its goals over the next five years, Spangler said, its
expected economic impact is $50 million. That impact is calculated based on a
formula used by the Center for Women's Business Research that takes into account
things such as sales and revenue, total income, jobs generated by women-owned
businesses, and value such as employee pay, property-type income and indirect
taxes.

To meet the center's goals, Spangler and her co-workers try to maintain the
balance of working "on the business" and "in the business. " They are starting
to focus on the pursuit of matching funds right now, Spangler said, while still
being available to their clients.

"We're there for them as long as they feel that they need us," Spangler said.
"If we can educate women on how to start and grow a business profitably, that's
the best thing we can do. "

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

Citi Community Development Wins Community Impact Award for Role in Kindergarten
to College Program at Annual CRA & Fair Lending Colloquium

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 18 -- Today, Citi Community Development announced that it received
the 2011 Community Impact Award from Wolters Kluwer Financial Services in
recognition of Citi's leadership, support and ongoing involvement in the
development and implementation of the Kindergarten to College (K2C) program in
San Francisco. K2C is the nation's first universal college savings program and
combines asset-building opportunities with financial education. The award was
presented on November 8 at the 15th Annual Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) &
Fair Lending Colloquium in Baltimore, Maryland.

The Community Impact Award is bestowed each year "to dedicated compliance
professionals and their institutions," to honor "outstanding and innovative
efforts in furtherance of the goals of the Community Reinvestment Act." The
Award also is intended to encourage innovative community lending and to provide
the financial industry with examples of superb programs that have made a large
impact on underserved communities.

"Citi views our CRA obligations as more than just requirements, but as
motivation to develop innovative and collaborative programs that expand
financial inclusion," said Bob Annibale, Global Director of Citi Community
Development and Microfinance. "The K2C program is a new integrated approach to
building assets through universal youth savings to support future college
education. K2C demonstrates Citi's commitment to financial inclusion, and we are
honored that Wolters Kluwer has recognized the program and our contribution as
an innovative community development initiative."

K2C automatically opens savings accounts for all incoming kindergarten students
in the San Francisco Unified school district. The accounts are seeded with an
initial deposit of up to $100, contributed by the City and County of San
Francisco, and other agencies are providing match and incentive funding.
Additionally, financial literacy skills are being taught in classrooms using the
students' own accounts to provide real-world context. Students and their
families are also able to track the accounts using a new, interactive Citi
website. The introduction of K2C makes San Francisco the first city in the
nation to integrate financial education into the K-12 math curriculum.

In her remarks accepting the Community Impact Award, Jenny Flores, Senior Vice
President for Citi Community Development in California, cited the company-wide
involvement in community development.

"K2C benefits from the extremely strong and ongoing engagement of the entire
Citi organization," she said. "I want to mention and thank our colleagues in all
of Citi's businesses across the franchise, particularly the Citibank and Citi
Microfinance, whose roles in K2C are essential to the program's success."

Ms. Flores cited other examples of innovative, collaborative and scalable
solutions that Citi is spearheading to provide people with access to
asset-building products and services as well as the opportunity to increase
their financial capability:

In Maryland, working with CASA de Maryland and other local partners, CCD is
enabling people to overcome the financial hurdles to citizenship with the new
"Citizenship Maryland" program, which provides microloans to cover the cost of
naturalization along with credit-building, savings opportunities and financial
education.

In Washington, D.C., CCD has expanded its partnership with Capital Area Asset
Builders with the new Jobs and Entrepreneurship Savings Accounts program, which
couples microloans for workplace equipment or business startup costs with job or
entrepreneurial training.

In Chicago, Citi joined with 11 local nonprofits to create the Chicago Credit
Building Coalition, which is combining financial education with access to a
secured credit card to assist participants in building assets and credit scores.

The presentation of the award was made by Edward B. Kramer, Executive Vice
President for Regulatory Programs at Wolters Kluwer Financial Services, which
hosts the annual colloquium. The conference provides an opportunity for experts
in CRA, HMDA (Home Mortgage Disclosure Act) and fair lending to share the latest
information and best practices regarding the regulatory environment for
financial services institutions. Among the expert presenters at this year's
event were Irene Fang, Citi's Corporate Fair Lending Director; Ronald Spann,
Director of Citi's CRA and Fair Lending Analysis Unit; and Ms. Flores. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 10, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Esther Ocloo, 83, Pioneer in Microloans to Help Women Become Entrepreneurs, Dies

BYLINE:  By DOUGLAS MARTIN

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 975 words


Esther Afua Ocloo, who as a young woman turned a gift of less than a dollar into
12 jars of marmalade -- which she sold for a profit -- and went on to become one
of Ghana's leading entrepreneurs and a prominent exponent of the role of women
in economic development, died on Feb. 8 in Accra, Ghana. She was 83.

Her husband, Stephen, said she died of pneumonia in Accra Military Hospital.

As the first chairwoman of Women's World Banking, Ms. Ocloo was one of the
pioneers of microlending, the financing of homespun businesses, predominantly
run by women, through very small loans, sometimes as little as $50. If a
business prospers and the loan is repaid -- as more than 98 percent are -- then
a larger loan is made available.

Large lending institutions give microlending institutions, like Women's World
Banking, big loans of, say, $5 million. The money is then parceled out in small
loans, at interest rates slightly higher than normal commercial bank rates, for
enterprises as simple as drying fish.

Nancy Barry, president of Women's World Banking, said that 25 million people,
three-quarters of them women, had received microloans in more than 40
less-developed countries. Half the loans are from Women's World Banking.

The idea was born at the 1975 Mexico City conference that proclaimed the United
Nations Decade for Women. Ms. Ocloo found that ideas she had been developing
with women in Ghana were also percolating elsewhere. The premise was simple:
more than education, health care or family planning, women in poor countries
need money in their pockets.

The other early leaders in the movement were Michaela Walsh, a New York
investment banker, and Ela Bhatt, founder of a cooperative bank for illiterate
women in India. They and several allies founded Women's World Banking in 1979
with Ms. Ocloo as chairwoman.

Ms. Barry said that concentrating on women made sense because they are
discriminated against in borrowing; they do the majority of artisanal work and
much of the farming, and they have a keener sense of the interdependence of
generations.

Ms. Ocloo, in a speech in 1990, gave a starkly practical explanation.

"Women must know that the strongest power in the world is economic power," she
said. "You cannot go and be begging to your husband for every little thing, but
at the moment, that's what the majority of our women do."

Esther Afua Nkulenu was born in Peki-Dzake in the Volta region of Ghana on April
18, 1919. Her parents were poor farmers, but she was able to attend high school
with the help of scholarships offered to young women by Cadbury, the chocolate
company, which was a major buyer of Ghana's cocoa crop.

Her mother, with tears in her eyes, sent her off to Accra with just a sixpence.
After graduating, she lived with relatives in the city. An aunt gave her 10
shillings, worth less than one United States dollar. She bought sugar, firewood,
oranges and 12 jars, and made marmalade jam, which she sold for a shilling a
jar.

"I was ridiculed by all my classmates, who saw me hawking marmalade on the
street like an uneducated street vendor," rather than seeking an office job, she
said.

But she plowed her profits back into the business. She also took some of her
marmalade to her old high school and won a contract to supply the entire school.
Soon, school officials asked her to supply orange juice from orange trees on its
grounds.

She next got a contract to supply juice to the military, but lacked the
necessary funds to produce it. Though she had no collateral, she persuaded a
bank to give her a loan on the basis of the contract. The result was her
company, Nkulenu Industries, which grew to produce products like canned tomatoes
and soup bases.

After six years, she had saved enough money to go to Britain to study food
technology, preservation, nutrition and agriculture. She also learned
leatherwork and lampshade-making in the hope of sharing the skills with rural
women back home.

Even as she continued running her own company upon her return, she devoted more
and more of her time to improving women's economic situation. For example, she
established her own program on a farm to train women in agriculture, preparing
and preserving food products and making handicrafts.

She paid for the program in part with her half of the Africa Prize, a $100,000
award she split with Olusegun Obasanjo, the current president of Nigeria, in
1990. It was presented by the Hunger Project for their leadership in working to
end hunger in Africa.

She liked to keep things simple, as when she taught business management skills
to women involved in cooking and selling food on the streets.

"I have taught them to cost the things they sell and determine their profits,"
she said. "You know what we found? We found that a woman selling rice and stew
on the side of the street is making more money than most women in office jobs --
but they are not taken seriously."

Ms. Ocloo, who always wore bright African clothes and loved to cook traditional
meals, preferred to be known as Auntie Ocloo, in the Ghanaian tradition. She
usually began meetings of bankers and others with a prayer, and often ended them
with a song: "We Are Wonderful."

The day she entered the hospital she gave a speech urging women to carry on her
campaign for micro-lending. Days before she died, she was on the phone from her
hospital bed to governmental officials arguing that microloans, rather than
grants, should be specified in Ghana's new budget.

In addition to her husband, she is survived by her sister, Georgina Nkulenu; her
daughter, Vincentia Canacco; her sons Vincent Malm, Christian Biassey and
Stephen Jr., and six grandchildren.

She once said her children complained that the women she trained competed
against her.

"I don't listen," she said. "My main goal is to help my fellow women. If they
make better marmalade than me, I deserve the competition."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Esther Afua Ocloo

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Esther Afua Ocloo (N. M. Barry)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             March 8, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Speed limits are necessary

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 560 words


Dave Spaulding (Your Views, March 2) wrote, "Let's have our police officers
chase down legitimate criminals instead of wasting time and effort trying to
create revenue off my hard-working back by enforcing bogus speed limits."
Spaulding apparently missed the part of the earlier story where it mentioned
that the actions taken by the Oklahoma City Police Department were in response
to citizen complaints. The officers were out there because a significant number
of citizens wanted them there!

Spaulding also claims that the posted speed limit should be whatever those who
make up the "natural flow" of traffic decide it should be. Apparently, the speed
limit would be somewhere around 100 miles per hour if it were left to Spaulding
to determine. Of course, he would thoroughly enjoy his 100 mph speed limit until
he went careening off the road because he was unable make an emergency maneuver
due to his ridiculously high speed.

Speed limits are necessary because some people aren't intelligent enough to
understand the limits of their driving abilities. A suggestion for Spaulding and
others who share his sentiments: Leave 10 minutes earlier and slow down. Michael
McBride Oklahoma City

We're not equipped

Dave Spaulding (Your Views, March 2) wrote that the high percentage of drivers
traveling at a certain speed "determines the natural flow of traffic, which in
turn should be the posted speed limit, not some arbitrary number." This is true
in some instances, but when motorists are blatantly ignoring posted speed limits
well above the generally accepted "five over," there's a problem. Our highways,
automobiles and motorists aren't equipped to handle speeds in excess of 75 miles
per hour. Judging by Spaulding's closing statement, that the crackdown on the
Broadway Extension isn't about safety but money, I wonder how fast Spaulding was
going when he was ticketed. His statements shriek of guilt. Gary Leonhardt
Norman

Playing the system

People doing all kinds of work are being paid in cash, without paying taxes.
This creates unfair competition for jobs. It also lowers tax collections for our
city and state. These same people are also more likely to be collecting state
aid. They play the system. They take from all of us. The state needs to step in
and create a level playing field for the workers and business owners who do pay
taxes. Rick Parker Oklahoma City

Worth keeping

The old adage that "you can only get a loan when you don't need it" sums up the
experience of many entrepreneurs when trying to secure business capital. The
Small Business Administration's Microloan program serves as an important source
of startup capital to small business owners. Unfortunately, it is being zeroed
out. Kudos to The Oklahoman for "A hand up: Loan program needs to survive, not
die" (Our Views, Feb. 12).

According to a recent National Women's Business Council analysis of SBA loan
program performance over the past five years, 45 percent of microloan program
loans went to women-owned businesses in fiscal year 2003 -- significantly more
than any other SBA loan program. Congress should continue funding this important
lending program for women entrepreneurs and all small business owners. Terry
Neese Oklahoma City Neese is the founder of Terry Neese Personnel in Oklahoma
City. She is co founder of Women Impacting Public Policy and serves on the
National Women's Business Council.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                            February 8, 2015 Sunday

Microfinance in West African perspectives

LENGTH: 1685 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Feb. 8 -- Microfinance programs could play a critical role in helping
Ebola affected communities in West Africa recover - and now that Sierra Leone
has lifted its travel restrictions, such programs are seeking ways to get back
up and running.BRAC, considered the world's largest nongovernmental
organization, has set March 1 as the date it wants to resume operations in both
Sierra Leone and Liberia. The organization does not operate a microfinance
program in Guinea.Like other aid groups, BRAC and its peers have struggled over
the past few months to connect with local beneficiaries and partners after
freezing programs during last year's Ebola outbreak. But they've been itching to
get back given Ebola's devastating impact on small enterprises and
microbusinesses in the region.Traditional donors and other aid groups like the
World Bank have pointed out the need for assistance to spur on economic recovery
at the community and household level.The World Bank is considering implementing
cash transfers. And last week, its private sector arm, the International Finance
Corp., announced plans to invest $30 million in Guinea in 2015 to bolster small
and medium-sized enterprises in the country.

For Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea together, IFC is mobilizing at least $450
million for trade, investment and employment, according to the financing
institution.The U.S. Agency for International Development is working on
different payment schemes to help affected households, Jeremy Konyndyk, USAID's
director of foreign disaster assistance, said last month on Capitol
Hill.Microfinance programs have traditionally worked somewhat removed from the
more traditional aid community since they don't rely on multilateral or
bilateral funding.And yet, their role in helping to rebuild communities affected
by the deadly virus cannot be understated according to Kristen Himelein, senior
economist and statistician in the World Bank's poverty global practice."If
[microfinance programs] can target getting those small and microbusinesses going
again, there is real opportunity to accelerate the economic recovery," Himelein
told Devex.This past year, families and businesses were uprooted by Ebola. The
epidemic claimed lives, while quarantines, travel restrictions, and fear robbed
people of their livelihoods and the money needed to advance the small
enterprises and microbusinesses that serve as the backbone of so many
communities in the region.Microfinance programs were forced to shut down as a
result.BRAC runs one of the most robust microfinance programs in Sierra Leone
and Liberia, targeting women and marginalized families through microloans and
small enterprise loans that help them start businesses and contribute to
thriving communities. In August, at the height of Ebola's fury, the Bangladeshi
institution was forced to shut down operations in the region as a result of
travel restrictions and quarantine policies that prevented credit officers from
meeting with loan borrowers.The deadly virus and strict quarantines also "made
it difficult for borrowers to even consider that financial aspect of their
lives," Aissatou Diallo, special assistant to BRAC USA CEO Susan Davis, told
Devex. "When you're trying to figure out what you need to eat . the last thing
you really want to deal with is a microfinance credit officer."Diallo, who
recently returned from Liberia, said that 22 percent of BRAC borrowers
experienced "significant impact" directly as a result of Ebola. This meant, for
instance, that they were forced to migrate, lost their business, got sick, died
or suffered deaths in the family.One borrower - a woman Diallo met in Kakata,
Liberia - survived Ebola, but lost six members of her family because of the
virus: Her husband, three daughters, a grandchild and a son-in-law all died from
the disease. Her backyard poultry program, one she was able to start with the
help of BRAC microloans and a high-yielding chicken, also perished.An additional
33 percent of borrowers experienced other - more indirect - impacts, according
to Diallo. Because of Ebola, she suggested, some food sellers have lost business
because some people no longer wanted to buy food outside.As Ebola continued its
ruin across the countryside, towns and cities, BRAC ceased payment collections,
sent foreign staff home and waited for the chance to reintervene in a region now
devastated by disease.Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea are countries defined by
small business. Tight-knit communities make their living through agriculture,
poultry farming, self-employed trading and the sale of goods at the market.
Small enterprises and microbusinesses reign, while large corporations are few
and far between. So it's no surprise that the onslaught of Ebola had devastating
effects on household economies across the region.Beginning in October, the World
Bank partnered with the Gallup Organization, Innovations for Poverty Action, the
Liberian Institute of Statistics and Geo-Information Services and Statistics
Sierra Leone to undertake "high-frequency mobile phone surveys" across Liberia
and Sierra Leone. Their mission was to take the pulse of household economies as
Ebola continued its rage.Almost half of household breadwinners in Liberia were
out of work, in large part due to job losses in the private and nongovernmental
sectors. More than 80 percent of Liberian farming households reported smaller
harvests, with many unable to work in groups due to the threat of the spreading
virus.In Sierra Leone, about 9,000 wage workers and approximately 170,000
self-employed workers in the nonagricultural sector lost their jobs since the
summer time. This was due in large part to quarantines and other measures
implemented by the government to prevent the spread of the disease."One of the
things that we have seen is small business owners have been forced to consume
their working capital for survival," said Kristen Himelein, task team leader and
senior economist and statistician in the World Bank's poverty global
practice.On-the-ground microfinance programs such as BRAC's, the Sierra
Leone-based Salone Microfinance Trust and Liberia-based Sjedi Green Energy, as
well as microloan platforms like Kiva - a nonprofit organization that connects
individual lenders with microfinance organizations and borrowers in need - have
the potential to be critical forces in jumpstarting devastated West African
household economies in the months and years ahead.By providing much needed loans
to small enterprise and microbusiness owners, microfinance programs offer
families and communities in the worst-hit places with an economic crutch to lean
on. With loans in hand, business owners can take the first steps toward
rebuilding their lives - whether that involves buying chickens for poultry
farms, hiring labor to work on family crops or purchasing a reliable vehicle to
make business deliveries.But before any of this can happen, microfinance
programs working in the region have to recover and rebuild themselves.According
to Diallo, employees have begun re-establishing contact with borrowers in the
region. In Liberia, travel restrictions were lifted at the end of last year; in
Sierra Leone, restrictions were lifted last month, allowing credit officers to
move freely within communities.BRAC's goal, Diallo said, is to resume operations
in both Liberia and Sierra Leone by March 1."The situation has changed vastly,"
Diallo noted. "We are ready to resume operations. We want to resume operations
because there's a need."But microfinance programs still have to tread
carefully.Claire Markham, portfolio manager for Anglophone Africa Region at
Kiva, told Devex that borrowers first have to be ready to receive loans. It
would be a mistake, she explained, to move too quickly and introduce debt on a
family before there is enough business for them to pay back their loans.Kiva
partners with BRAC as well as with local microfinance programs in West Africa
such as Salone Microfinance Trust and Sjedi Green Energy.Markham emphasized that
it's up to their partners on the ground to communicate when Kiva should support
their growth by connecting them with lenders around the world."When they feel
like it's good to start really growing again, then we are fully supportive of
that," Markham said.As for existing loans that can't be paid back, BRAC is
considering the need for write-offs. According to Markham, Kiva has not yet
forgiven any loans but is supportive of the idea if their on-the-ground partners
feel it is the right thing to do.In addition to fully understanding the
microeconomic outlook of a community, microfinance programs have to continue to
think about health hazards that are still very much lingering from the Ebola
outbreak."The big obstacle for us is the unknown," Diallo said. "It only takes
another round of infection for things to get a little bit in flux."One health
precaution BRAC is considering is limiting the size of gatherings often
associated with payment collections. Typically, credit officers will go into a
community and meet with a group of about 20 or so borrowers in order to gather
payments and receive updates. Gatherings of this size, however, could facilitate
the spread of Ebola, a virus not fully stomped out in the region."We're
thinking, at least for now, perhaps changing how collection is done," Diallo
said, explaining that BRAC's idea is to ask village group members to designate
one individual to gather payments before handing them over to a credit
officer.What other steps do you think microfinance programs like BRAC's should
consider when rebuilding, and how can other development institutions step in to
assist? Let us know by leaving a comment below.Read more international
development news online, and subscribe to The Development Newswire to receive
the latest from the world's leading donors and decision-makers - emailed to you
FREE every business day.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2009 Friday

Nobelist bankers branching out

BYLINE: David Ranii, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


Feb. 6--CHAPEL HILL -- Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus hopes to export
the unorthodox lending service for the poor that he honed in Bangladesh to North
Carolina.

Unlikely as that may seem, the bank Yunus founded in Bangladesh -- renowned for
making microloans to poor women to start or expand a business -- already has
established an outpost in the United States. The branch that opened in Queens,
N.Y., 13 months ago has lent $1.2 million to 440 low-income women -- an average
of less than $3,000. To date, more than 99 percent of the borrowers are current
on their loan payments.

The goal is for Grameen America, an offshoot of Grameen Bank of Bangladesh, to
open one or more offices in North Carolina as well. The bank was founded by
Yunus, and in 2006, Yunus and the bank shared the Nobel Peace Prize.

Grameen began eyeing North Carolina before the recession laid waste to the
economy, but Yunus said its services are needed more than ever to help people
who have lost their jobs. "This is a good time to help people concentrate on
their own ability and make it on their own," he said.

Yunus and Vidar Jorgensen, the president of Grameen America, met Thursday
morning at the Carolina Inn in Chapel Hill with representatives of several
organizations that are supporting Grameen's effort: the N.C. Bankers
Association, the State Employees Credit Union, the Durham nonprofit Center for
Community Self-Help and Joe Smith, the state banking commissioner.

A North Carolina office won't happen until $2 million is raised. Grameen isn't
actively fundraising; rather, it expects the organizations urging it to come to
North Carolina to shoulder that burden.

"I think there is a lot of grass-roots support," said Jim Blaine, president and
CEO of the State Employees Credit Union. SECU has talked to Grameen about
providing assistance such as back-office support and access to its ATM network
for Grameen's clientele.

Asked about the bank's success in working with borrowers who aren't
credit-worthy by traditional standards, Yunus said that the key is the bank's
efforts to establish a connection with clients by conducting weekly meetings in
their environment.

He described the bank's philosophy: "People should not go to the banks; the
banks should go to the people."

A typical loan in Bangladesh is just a few hundred dollars, but it adds up.
Altogether Grameen lends $100 million a month -- more than $1 billion a year --
an astonishing amount for a Third World country. Ninety-seven percent of its
loans are made to women.

Jorgensen said Grameen chose North Carolina because of the tremendous support
offered by state organizations -- more so than from any other state.

Jorgensen, who grew up in Shelby, added that North Carolina has a tradition of
innovation, citing the Wright Brothers and Research Triangle Park as examples.

Yunus said that microloan programs have cropped up across the United States but
typically haven't demonstrated much staying power. His goal in North Carolina is
to create a long-standing institution.

The location of Grameen's first North Carolina branch will be determined by
where the money comes from.

"That's a good business strategy," Jorgensen said.

Grameen is looking at moving into several other states, including Arkansas,
California, Nebraska and New Jersey.

To see more of The News & Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News & Observer, Raleigh,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090206-RA-HLT-NOBEL-BANKER-20090206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2009 News & Observer


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                   September 8, 2004 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

MICROLOANS COME HOME TO PLEASANTON;
CATHOLIC CHURCH OFFER IS INTEREST-FREE, MODELED ON PROGRAMS IN THIRD WORLD

BYLINE: SAM RICHARDS, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: PLEASANTON


PLEASANTON -- Steve McCoy-Thompson saw it at work in Bangladesh.

Visiting there in his role as an organizational consultant, the Pleasanton man
learned of a program that offered the poorest of the poor "microloans" to help
start businesses and jump-start new lives.

McCoy-Thompson brought the idea home with him and last year, with $5,000 from
the Catholic Community of Pleasanton, the church's Social Justice and Community
Outreach Committee began its own loan program.

Offering no-interest loans of $500 or less, the committee's loans are designed
to help people in short-term emergency situations get over a financial hump. The
main idea there, McCoy-Thompson said, is ultimately to keep people from losing
their homes over a one-time financial emergency, like a big repair bill or other
unexpected expense.

The program is the first of its kind in the Bay Area, and possibly the United
States.

"If you keep people from sliding into homelessness with these loans, keeping
them afloat, that's of great benefit to the wider community," said
McCoy-Thompson.

Elizabeth Biggs was glad to get a $500 loan from the church last year when the
transmission on her 1989 Plymouth Reliant died. A 65-year-old Pleasanton
resident who gets by on Social Security, Biggs had few options.

"It was either come up with the money or be without a car," said Biggs, who
learned of the church's Micro-Bridging Loan Program through a reference from the
St. Vincent de Paul Society.

"And those repair shops don't take payments," said Biggs, who said she just paid
off the last of the loan. "Boy, did I appreciate that money."

The loans are unusual in several ways. Commercial lenders have some programs
designed for low- to moderate-income borrowers, but they aren't interest-free,
and they involve thousands, and not hundreds, of dollars. Their speed in getting
going -- designed to be just a few days -- also sets the Pleasanton program
loans apart.

"This doesn't really fit any model of what I've seen before," said Jim Ott, CEO
and president of the Livermore-based UNCLE credit union. His office administers
these loans -- only seven have been made so far -- as a community service, he
said. Such small loans, interest-free, have no bottom-line appeal to commercial
lenders.

Also, McCoy-Thompson said they are designed for people who don't necessarily
have a good credit history. Still, ability to repay the loans is a key criteria
for approval, he said, and loan applicants are pre-screened by Eden Council for
Hope and Opportunity, with offices in Alameda County and in Oakley. ECHO already
administered a revolving loan fund helping Alameda County CalWORKs families with
move-in deposit loans for local moves.

Another unusual aspect is that the borrowers don't get the cash. Rather, a car
repair shop, landlord or other service provider gets the money directly from the
credit union, in the name of the loan applicant. In some cases, vouchers for
goods or services may be approved.

"We want to be sure the money's used for what people claim it's going to be used
for," McCoy-Thompson said.

The microloans are but one of 40 or so outreach efforts at Pleasanton's two
Catholic churches, said the Rev. Dan Danielson of St. Augustine's. As with many
Catholic churches, money is set aside for various social justice and other
causes both within and outside of its own parish.

People most in need of such loans are generally even more "invisible" in
relatively affluent areas like the Tri-Valley than in other places, Danielson
said, making such outreach that much more important.

"We see this as a particularly good example of something we try to do on a
regular basis," said Danielson.

Loan recipients do not need to be Catholic. For more information, call
925-846-4489.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

Welch wants new SBA program

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 775 words


Tuesday July 10, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- Soon after Tropical Storm Irene destroyed the Flat Street Brew
Pub and Restaurant, co-owner Chris McInerney realized that the federal
government was not going to be much help in rebuilding.

FEMA, McInerney learned, was largely responsible for helping home owners get
back on their feet, and the U.S. Small Business Administration's application
requirements were complicated and onerous, and their rates were not any better
than the local banks could offer.

"It was disappointing and frustrating that there was not much more they were
able to offer," McInerney said Monday, almost one year after the natural
disaster. "When you looked at what they were offering, it did not make sense for
us."

Over the past few months U.S. Rep. Peter Welch, D-Vt., has heard similar stories
from business owners across the state, and now Welch wants the SBA to come up
with a plan that works better for small business owners.

Welch has sent a letter to SBA Administrator Karen Mills asking her to create a
new microloan program within the agency's existing disaster relief program.

Welch wants SBA to offer loans that have more reasonable terms and that come
with fewer paperwork requirements.

The new program would be available to businesses with fewer than 50 employees,
Welch said.

Welch's request came after he met with small business owners around the state
following the storm of Aug. 28.

"Many of our small businesses were besieged in the aftermath of the storm.
Employees were working around the clock with a monumental clean-up task. They
simply were unable to simultaneously compile the paperwork required to apply for
a SBA disaster loan," Welch said in his letter to Mills. "In some cases the
required three years of financial history had just been washed down the river."

Irene caused about $300,000 in damage to the Flat Street Brew Pub and
Restaurant.

The business used to employ the equivalent of 15 full-time employees. There are
six full time employees now, and the basement level restaurant is still closed.

McInerney said he and Flat Street co-owner Steve Pardoe did begin the SBA loan
process.

The application was 20 pages long, the agency demanded additional tax records
and information, and McInerney and Pardoe were even asked to put their homes up
as collateral and to list their family's assets.

McInerney said the federal loan process, in the end, was nothing more than a
waste of time.

He compared the federal process to the Vermont Economic Development Authority,
which had a three page application, a 1 percent loan rate and, was able to give
an answer in a matter of days.

"It was simply not the smartest choice for us to go with SBA," McInerney said.
"At the end of the day SBA did not offer anything that we could not get through
a local bank where we are able to meet with someone face to face."

After Tropical Storm Irene, SBA distributed 1,900 business disaster loan
applications, according to Welch. Only 234 applications were completed and SBA
approved 137 loans.

SBA has the authority to create the new microloan program and Welch is asking
for a meeting to help jumpstart the process.

He said the current loan program is written for large businesses, and the
paperwork, turnaround time and rates do not work for small businesses with a
handful of employees who are trying to recover from a natural disaster.

"These businesses needed small amounts of cash immediately in order to make
necessary repairs to reopen," Welch wrote to SBA. "Their financial needs were
far below the maximum loan amount for a SBA disaster loan."

Welch wants SBA to make loans available sooner after a disaster so businesses
can get their doors open as soon as possible.

"Nearly nine out of ten businesses in Vermont have less than ten employees,"
Welch said. "The current program should accommodate their special circumstances
with smaller loans, faster turnaround times and less paperwork."

SBA spokeswoman Emily Cain said in an e-mail to the Associate Press Monday that
Welch's proposal would require legislation from Congress but she added, "We look
forward to working with Congressman Welch and other members of Congress on ways
to further improve the federal disaster loan process."

She said the SBA is committed to providing homeowners, renters, and businesses
in Vermont and other states with "the most effective and customer-focused
response possible."

The SBA recently announced a streamlined electronic disaster loan application
process "that saves time and is more user-friendly, making the first steps
toward recovery more convenient," Cain said.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached athwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext.
279

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Peter Welch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                             August 30, 2015 Sunday

Paying it forward for Dad

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 454 words


To celebrate Father's Day celebrities are sharing memories of their dads for a
good cause.

--------------------

Hilary Barry will never cry over spoiled milk again thanks to her father's love.

The TV3 newsreader said her late father always provided wise words, but there
was one particular gift that stood out.

"It was a fridge in my first flat. He bought me a second-hand Kelvinator fridge
that I treasured and that followed me from flat to flat for years.

"I couldn't afford one and was living like a freedom camper buying and throwing
out milk each day because I didn't have somewhere to chill it."

Barry is among a group of celebrities sharing memories of their dads for a good
cause.

Rather than buying the usual socks or undies for dad, ChildFund is encouraging
people to pay it forward this Father's Day.

The ChildFund microloan gift idea was aimed at honouring dad while helping
someone break free from poverty.

Also backing the campaign, television presenter Miriama Kamo described how she
took wisdom rather than cash from the bank of dad.

"My parents had five kids, they worked hard, but it wasn't until we were older
that we realised how hard they worked to make sure we always had what we needed.

"My dad didn't give us money for big purchases, he did better than that. He
taught us how to work, save, and value what we had, and to strive for what we
wanted."

It was a similar story for actor Danielle Cormack who was given priceless
guidance.

"When I was old enough my dad encouraged me to get odd jobs to earn my own
money. He then instructed me how to be financially wise which enabled me
independence and freedom."

Children's presenter Erin Simpson shared a secret about her generous Dad.

Every fortnight he setaside a whole morning to drive hundreds of kilometres
around the greater areas of the Waikato to fetch employees' pay slips and
invoices so they could be paid on time.

"He has done this for his entire farming career and if you ask him every second
Wednesday where he is, he will lie and say he's simply checking the cows.

"It is this gesture that has had his children laughing for years; but it is this
gesture that has also taught us the importance of human contact, leadership,
consistency and more importantly always putting others first."

ChildFund New Zealand chief executive Paul Brown said a great way to recognise
dad's generosity was to emulate it yourself.

"Just like dad did for you through advice or help along the way, you can have a
massive impact on someone else's life and success too."

ChildFund's microloans have provided more than 1500 people money to start
businesses from tailoring to fishing.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Hilary Barry, memories of milk and wise words.

Miriama Kamo, valued wisdom.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 16, 2003 Monday

U.S. Small Business Administration introduces three new loan programs

BYLINE: Steve Wedel

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


Sometimes, all that's standing between an employee and the American dream is the
little bit of capital needed to start his or her own business. For that person
-- or those who are already operating a small business but who are having
trouble getting loans to allow expansion -- the Oklahoma district office of the
federal Small Business Administration is ready to help.

Three new loan programs introduced to Oklahoma by the SBA can help people get
loans ranging from $500 to $250,000 to start or expand their business. To help
budding entrepreneurs learn about the new loans, the SBA will be hosting four
workshops on June 24 and 26 in various locations in Oklahoma City and Tulsa.

With so many layoffs happening in a weak economy, Darla Booker, the local public
information officer for the SBA said, "A lot of people are looking to step out
and live the American dream, but a lot of people just need a small loan to get
started."

Booker said that statistics show that when people start their own business, they
often do a complete career change rather than doing the same thing they were
doing as an employee. "They're starting to do things they really want to do,"
Booker said. "Making money is a good motivator, but a lot of times people are
more successful doing what they want to do."

However, starting a business takes more than just a lot of nerve and motivation.
Booker said, "A lot of people don't go into business or they fail because they
only need a small amount of money. Banks usually can't loan small amounts like
that and make any money at it, so people don't get those small loans."

That's why the SBA MicroLoan, Community Express loan and Pre-Qualification loan
programs are so helpful, said Jerry Reece, assistant district director of
economic development for SBA in Oklahoma.

The Community Express program, Reece said, is provided by Innovative Bank of
Oakland, Calif. The bank has created a niche for itself by providing loans of
$5,000, $10,000 and $15,000. "Those are loan sizes we get requests on, but
lenders don't like to deal with those small amounts, especially for a commercial
loan," Reece said.

He said that a lot of people are looking for loans in those three amounts to
start a business or expand in some specific way, such as buying a new piece of
equipment. Innovative Bank has six criteria loan officers look at to determine
if they'll make the loan, Reece said. While they do look at an applicant's
credit report and stability in the area, Innovative Bank's lenders do not
require the applicant to have a business plan.

"We encourage people to have a business plan, though," Reece said.

To apply for a Community Express loan, an applicant has to work with a technical
assistance provider. Reece said SBA has 11 of those providers working in the
state now. "The TA will do an assessment of the applicant's business needs and
submit that to the bank," Reece said.

The MicroLoan is available for people who need amounts between $500 and $35,000.
"This one targets folks who are not able to get financing from a bank. In fact,
they have to have a turn-down to qualify," Reece said.

In the MicroLoan program, the SBA loans money to various intermediaries who then
loan it to small business applicants. "The criteria for loaning that money is
delegated to the intermediaries," Reece said.

Pre-Qualification loans are for businesses owned by women, minorities or
veterans. Reece said this program provides help upfront and can assist
applicants in getting loans up to $250,000.

"This is a regular SBA guaranteed loan, but it comes to SBA first," Reece said.
"We issue a letter the individual can take to the lender. It provides some
instant credibility. The first time you go in to talk about a business loan is
an incredible thing. Having this letter from the SBA can help."

Booker said the workshops on the new programs are free. Registration isn't
required, but she said it would help to pre-register so administrators can know
how much material to bring to each workshop. Following the workshops, attendees
can meet individually with service providers to ask questions, obtain
applications or schedule appointments for business and loan counseling.

To register or get more information, call 231-5521.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 29, 2007 Tuesday
                                   e1 Edition

New act will make life more costly for those who are indebted

BYLINE: Jonathan Campbell

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 927 words


The National Credit Act will become fully effective next month. But while it
will introduce numerous new consumer protection measures, the cost of credit
will in most cases be as high or much higher than current interest levels.

This is extremely important for consumers to understand, especially given the
public perception that the new limits will make credit much cheaper.

Low-income individuals and communities that borrow small amounts will feel the
impact most severely. Exorbitant credit costs will cause them to suffer
devastating socioeconomic hardships.

At a macro level, this will unquestionably contribute to the perpetuation of
poverty, which could surely not have been the intention of the minister of trade
and industry when he set maximum levels in terms of the National Credit
Regulations.

Unsecured credit transactions (credit agreements of more than R8 000 or
repayable over more than six months, such as furniture or vehicle installments)
will attract much higher rates of interest than they do now.

The maximum rate (which is linked to the repurchase rate) will be 39.8 percent a
year. This is nearly double the 20 percent maximum interest rate still
applicable until the end of this month in terms of the Usury Act. Additional
fees, introduced by the new regulations, may be charged.

However, the highest credit costs are reserved for short-term credit
transactions of up to R8 000, which are repayable over six months. The most
common type of credit agreement in this category is the microloan.

According to research by Ebony Consulting International, the average loan
repayable over one month in 2000 was R500.

The maximum cost of credit (at lower interest, but including initiation fees and
service fees) on such a loan will be 31 percent a month (382 percent a year).

Loans of less than R500 will be even more expensive, increasing exponentially
the smaller the loan. The bigger the loans are, the cheaper they will become.

This cost, under the new regime, is comparable with typical interest rates of up
to 30 percent a month that are currently charged in the registered microfinance
sector, which is exempt from the act and therefore subject to no limits at all.

It is likely that the new limits will enable microlenders to continue to earn
profits similar to those to which they have already become accustomed.

The extent of the problem of excessive interest rates can be fully appreciated
only when the growth and size of the microfinance industry are considered.

Driven by enormous profits, the industry has grown rapidly since its exemption
in 1992.

Between September 2003 and August 2006, for example, industry disbursements
doubled, and the industry grew by an average of over 30 percent a year.

According to the regulator, the total rand value of loans disbursed in the
registered microfinance sector was over R30 billion for the year to last August.

In terms of the coming regulations, it is no longer sufficient to consider only
interest rates in calculating the total cost of credit on short-term credit
transactions (principally microloans).

Interest rates and initiation fees plus service fees must all be carefully
calculated to work out the total cost of credit.

The addition of these fees is to a large extent responsible for credit costing
so much.

The maximum interest rate permitted on short-term credit transactions is 5
percent a month or 60 percent a year.

The initiation fee is intended to cover the costs of initiating a credit
agreement, although it is not clear exactly what costs the fee is intended to
cover. It is a once-off payment made by the consumer on conclusion of the credit
agreement or payable in instalments (either capitalised or as a separate loan
attracting interest and its own fees).

The maximum initiation fee is R150 a credit agreement, plus 10 percent of the
amount of the agreement in excess of R1 000, but never to exceed R1 000. The
initiation fee may never exceed 15 percent of the principal debt.

The service fee may be charged periodically (usually monthly) by a credit
provider to cover routine administration costs of maintaining a credit
agreement. The maximum service fee is R50 a month, or R600 a year.

The same flat rate maximum service fee of R50 is applicable to all categories
and sizes of credit agreements, even though the act states that the maximum
service fee should be "relative to the principal debt".

The drastic reduction in interest rates obscures the true total cost of credit
when the fees are added. It is possible that these fees could remain hidden,
with the emphasis being placed on interest rates (which are more familiar to
consumers) when products are marketed.

The fees help to keep interest rates lower, which makes credit look cheaper,
when in fact credit may not be cheaper.

The skewing of credit costs away from interest and towards fees will increase
the chances of consumers being misled. Many will be lured into borrowing money
that will cost much more than expected.

In the accompanying table, the total cost of credit for short-term loans is
applied to different loan amounts and loan periods. The total monthly cost of
credit is indicated in rands. This amount is then indicated as a monthly
percentage of the initial loan.

The monthly percentage gives the most accurate possible indication of the total
cost of credit in each case. The annual cost can be obtained by multiplying
these figures by 12. It is assumed for the purposes of these calculations that
microlenders will charge the maximum.

n Jonathan Campbell is the director of the legal aid clinic at Rhodes University

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      May 31, 2004 Monday, HOLIDAY Edition

Parks, small businesses could suffer cutbacks;
The Friends of Acadia group and Maine senators are decrying Bush's proposed
federal budget cuts.

BYLINE: BART JANSEN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1368 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Depending on whom you ask in the National Park Service, places such as Acadia
National Park are either getting more funding than ever before - or they're
cutting workers, programs and cleaning bathrooms less often to offset budget
shortfalls. The different messages highlight the difficulties for President
Bush's budget during a period of record deficits in an election year.

On one hand, the White House listed 128 programs that it proposed to eliminate
or reduce in the year starting Oct. 1 to save $12.8 billion.

On the other hand, many of the programs are popular, and Bush and members of his
administration are touting parks, small-business and education programs this
year even as the programs go under the knife.

Even fellow Republicans are protesting some of the proposals. For example, U.S.
Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, opposed cuts to loan programs under the Small
Business Administration. U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, opposed cuts to
education grants for vocational training.

Democrats contend that Bush's massive tax cuts in 2001 and 2003 emptied the
cupboard for domestic priorities. Advocates for the programs at stake worry that
the war in Iraq and the massive deficit will shortchange popular programs.

Acadia is bracing to cut 20 to 30 summer jobs because of a flat budget that
failed to accommodate the cost of pay raises and other costs rising throughout
the park system. The service cuts are demoralizing to Friends of Acadia, a
private nonprofit group, which donates $600,000 a year for maintenance workers
and helped line up $1 million a year from L.L. Bean to operate Island Explorer
buses.

"It's simply inappropriate for private charity, which has a noble history in the
national parks, to be used for government operations," said Ken Olson, president
of Friends of Acadia. "You might think of Acadia's $500,000 shortfall as the
Iraq tax or the deficit tax."

This pinch has left Congress unable to agree this year on a budget, as the
country faces a $521 billion deficit and more than $7 trillion in national debt.
The open-ended cost of the war in Iraq, with at least $25 billion more
requested, makes a budget even harder to nail down.

The White House defended many of its proposed cuts as trimming programs that
were wasteful, duplicative or merged into similar programs. But in some cases,
the administration also promotes the programs while they're still around.

For example, loans for small businesses come under a variety of arcane names
including 7(a) and Microloans. Whatever the label, the loans are vital to
businesses that can't find financing elsewhere. In Maine, 98 percent of the
businesses are considered small.

Hector Barreto, head of the SBA, hailed passage in April of a law expanding the
ceiling on 7(a) loans by $3 billion, to a total of $12.5 billion. The program
could reach 90,000 businesses.

"This is a great day for small business and for the American economy," Barreto
said.

But Bush's budget, which Congress is still considering, would cut the agency's
overall budget 10 percent - to $678 million.

The 7(a) program, which got $101 million this year, would have its federal
funding eliminated under the budget and replaced with fees on lenders and
borrowers. The Microloan program, which received $17 million this year targeted
for very small businesses and the self-employed, would be eliminated - with its
customers steered toward the 7(a) program.

Snowe, chairman of the Small Business Committee, urged Senate appropriators to
fund the 7(a) program with $129 million next year rather than charge fees. She
also argued that the Microloan program, which the administration criticized as
too costly, should be restored to serve entrepreneurs who don't have enough
credit to qualify for other federal programs.

"Small business is the engine of job growth in our economy," Snowe said. "A
larger investment in our small businesses will help sustain job growth in this
important economic sector and pay dividends in the form of improved growth in
the economy overall."

The Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Educational Act provides grants to
states for high school and community college students to learn job skills. Of
the $1.3 billion distributed this year, Maine expects to get $5.8 million for
vocational education and $533,325 for technical preparation.

When Bush visited Arkansas last month to tout education programs, he highlighted
the Perkins program, which was created in 1917. He proposed to modernize it by
requiring participating schools to teach four years of English, and three years
of math, science and social studies.

"That's not a cut in the money, it's quite the contrary," Bush said. "It's to
make sure the money we are spending prepares these youngsters for the jobs of
the 21st century."

But Collins and Snowe are fighting his proposal to shift away $300 million,
which they characterized as a cut in Perkins funding. The proposal is nothing
new because the administration tried the same thing a year ago before Congress
restored the money. The Mainers were among 37 senators who signed a letter this
month urging Senate appropriators to protect the program again.

"The Perkins program provides crucial funds for career and technical education
in the United States," the letter said.

For the National Park Service, Bush budgeted $2.4 billion next year - a $100
million increase.

"The federal government is investing more in its national parks now than at any
time in its history," Bush said as he proclaimed National Park Week from April
18 to 25. "Our citizens own America's parks, historic sites, battlefields,
recreation areas, monuments and shores, and we want these lands to be accessible
and enjoyable for them to visit."

Acadia's funding would hold steady at nearly $6.3 million, after a slight cut
last year, according to a park service estimate. But even holding steady forces
service cuts to meet pay raises and the service's shared costs for western
fires, Hurricane Isabel and higher security against terrorism.

Collins was among 20 senators who signed a letter this month urging an extra
$240 million for parks.

Meanwhile, to meet what is essentially a $500,000 shortfall this year, Acadia is
trimming in a variety of ways, according to Len Bobinchock, deputy
superintendent. Vacancies among permanent staff have gone unfilled, with
training and travel reduced.

The park is hiring summer workers later and will hire an estimated 20 to 30
fewer this year. The number of interpretive presentations - nature hikes,
amphitheater programs and narrated boat tours - will drop from 110 a week last
summer to 66 a week this year. Maintenance, from mowing the grass to cleaning
the restrooms, will occur less frequently.

"It's like your house or car - you can skimp on it for a while, but eventually
you're going to end up paying the price," Bobinchock said. "I think we'll do our
very best to keep the restrooms as clean as possible. You have no choice because
visitors will quickly complain. They complain now."

Park officials abandoned a proposal to close the Isleford Historic Museum. The
Thompson Island Visitor Information Station will have a uniformed worker, who
might have been dropped, because if the staffer sells park passes, the salary
counts against park income rather than against federal funding.

"We're able to sell passes and at the same time give people the information that
they want," Bobinchock said.

Acadia is one of the country's most popular parks, with perhaps 3 million
visitors a year. Friends of Acadia contributes enough to hire 35 to 50 workers
each year for chores such as maintaining carriage roads and rebuilding trails.
The L.L. Bean grant allows for 50 to 60 drivers of Island Explorer buses.

But Olson, the head of Friends of Acadia, says the gifts should be used to
improve the park's excellence rather than substitute for government operating
funds.

"Acadia National Park is forced to cannibalize its own operations in order to
make ends meet," Olson said.

Staff Writer Bart Jansen can be contacted at (202) 488-1119 or at:

bjansen@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                              July 6, 2007, Friday

Ecuador moves to cut Interest rates for poor

BYLINE: Matthew Clark Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: Quito, Ecuador


Ecuador's new leftist president, Rafael Correa, is wasting no time forging his
own path toward the "21st-century socialism" championed by Venezuela's anti-US
leader, Hugo Chavez.

In April, three months after taking office on promises to wrest control of the
country from the hands of a corrupt elite, Mr. Correa kicked out the
representative to the World Bank. He blames the financial institution for forced
privatization programs that have failed to benefit the poor, he says.

Now he's pushing through a controversial "financial justice" bill to increase
state control of the banking sector.

The bill, which is expected to pass into law this week or next, paves the way
for a complete overhaul of an abusive financial system, say government
officials. It's also the latest example of a populist movement strengthening
throughout Latin America.

But this new law could hurt most those Correa hopes to help. As he strives to
protect Ecuador's poor from predatory lenders and free the country from the
"Father-knows-best" conditionality of international institutions, such as the
World Bank, he risks putting microlending groups out of business, preventing
thousands of Ecuadoreans from receiving cash loans to lift themselves out of
poverty.

"[Correa] wants to control the prices," says Diego Ponce, the Ecuador director
of the Washington-based microfinance institute FINCA, explaining that if the
government gets the ability to lower interest rates by decree (under the new
law), it could jeopardize FINCA's ability to serve Ecuador's poorest.
"Controlling abuses is fine, but [Correa] wants total control. He wants to
eradicate the free market."

Private banks are also up in arms. "The future of the country is in jeopardy,"
screams one of many full-page newspaper ads run by the Association of Private
Banks of Ecuador, which has also been churning out prime-time TV spots slamming
the bill.

Mr. Ponce says that if the government does lower interest rates even just a few
percentage points below the current average, many smaller banks and microlending
agencies may have to fold, meaning that up to 500,000 poor Ecuadoreans will no
longer receive microloans.

Betsy Lozan is one of those who could be hurt most.

Four years ago, she could only rely on loan sharks to get the money she needed
to start up her business selling diesel, rice, and animal feed in the dusty,
rural village of Yolan.

As pigs, cows, and donkeys saunter through the village's only intersection, Ms.
Lozan tells about how $100 and $200 loans from FINCA helped her double her
earnings in the past three years.

Few here have more than an elementary school education, but the loans have
enabled Lozan to send her daughter to college. "That's why I work," she says,
explaining that she hopes her daughter will get a good job, and eventually help
the family financially.

In a gritty neighborhood on the outskirts of Ecuador's commercial capital,
Guayaquil, Alejandra Ojala says microloans helped her triple the size of her
convenience store business, enabling her to send her three children to a decent
private school with a pool, state-of-the-art English lab, and karate classes.

Government officials say that the new law would help the poor by helping create
more jobs by lowering interest rates. "For the first time, the rate of interest
will be a regulator of the economy," says Luis Maldonado Lince, one of two
presidential representatives to the junta bancaria, a government body that would
help set interest rates if the law passes. "Finally, we can finance our growth
based on the actual production," says Mr. Lince, arguing that private banks in
Ecuador have long charged interest rates far too high for the pace of economic
growth.

Lince dismisses the claim that the new law would undermine the free market. The
law is very important, he says, because it sets the tone for a more just
financial system. "When Correa talks about 21st-century socialism, he's talking
about humanism, rescuing capitalism from the claws of neoliberalism, and giving
the people their due."

But many analysts say Correa's background as an economics professor and lack of
practical business experience could lead to gross mismanagement. "It seems like
Correa doesn't understand the banking system," says Ramiro Crespo, the president
of Analytica Securities, a Quito-based financial analysis group. "I'd assume
someone with a doctorate in economics wouldn't be that naive about the market.
We're going back to the 1970s and '80s where these things were already tried. I
think this is very worrying."

Correa's move is prompting fresh concerns among critics that he is following in
the footsteps of Mr. Chavez, who has increased state-ownership of Venezuela's
lucrative oil industry.

But Adrian Bonilla, the director of the Ecuador branch of the Latin American
Faculty of Social Sciences, says that Correa is no Chavez. Chavez has basically
left the banking system alone, while Correa wants only to regulate - not seize -
the means of production, says Mr. Bonilla. "Correa and Chavez share the same
rhetoric, but Correa doesn't have the resources," he says, adding that Correa
doesn't share Chavez's anti-US views.

Meanwhile, Correa's government is rolling out its own plan to spend $30 million
to provide 70,000 Ecuadoreans with small loans this year alone. The loans of up
to $5,000 will be at 5 percent, which is nearly 25 percent lower than the
average actual interest rate most private microfinance groups offer the poor.

FINCA's Ponce says that this plan is not sustainable. "With 5 percent interest
rates, the government will have to heavily subsidize the microloans," he says.
"Maybe Venezuela can handle that [budgetary drain], but not Ecuador."

Still, Bonilla points out that Correa's antipoverty message remains popular. His
approval rating is still above 65 percent, according to recent polls.

"I agree with everything Correa has said and done so far," says university
student Diego Maldonadoin in Quito. "All presidents before Correa have been slow
to do things for the poor. That's why people leave the country."

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           February 2, 2011 Wednesday

Plant center didn't bloom // PharmaSphere deal canceled

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - The city has broken off a land-and-loan deal with PharmaSphere LLC,
a company that wanted to build a futuristic plant-growing center on a vacant
stretch of South Worcester property.

PharmaSphere failed to meet a Monday deadline to raise the necessary financing
for its proposed 50,000-square-foot facility at 49 Canterbury St., according to
Timothy J. McGourthy, the city's acting chief development officer.

"They're going to have to look for a new parcel and a new source of funding if
they want to move forward," Mr. McGourthy said.

PharmaSphere Chief Executive David A. Darlington said the company could not meet
the city's deadline but is still seeking money for the $16.5 million project.
With about $1.3 million invested in developing the Worcester site, PharmaSphere
still wants to build there, Mr. Darlington said.

"The project is not dead from our perspective," Mr. Darlington said. "We
continue to work through the financing issues. It's our intention, if the city
has not leased or sold the property, that we would come back to the city."

The failed deal is a blow to the city's effort to redevelop the South Worcester
Industrial Park, 11 acres of former industrial property south of downtown. The
city owns 8 acres in the park. PharmaSphere would have been the first resident.

Yet the city's deal with PharmaSphere has drawn criticism. The city agreed after
a bidding process in 2008 to sell about 2 acres in the park to PharmaSphere for
$1, based largely on the company's promise to create at least 50 jobs.
PharmaSphere's proposed business, growing plants in plastic spheres indoors to
generate natural pharmaceutical ingredients, also seemed to fit with Worcester's
role as home to a number of life sciences businesses.

The city agreed to give PharmaSphere a $100,000 microloan and approved the
company for a $2.5 million loan from a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development program. PharmaSphere also lined up $4.9 million from the sale of
tax credits, $2.5 million in bond sales and an investment from a private equity
firm.

The state's Massachusetts Life Sciences Center awarded $360,000 in tax
incentives to PharmaSphere in 2009. But the center rescinded the award last
year.

"Through the center's due diligence process, it was determined that PharmaSphere
was not eligible for the tax incentive award, as they had not yet achieved the
level of employment that was indicated in their application," Chief Operating
Officer Melissa Walsh said in a statement.

Neighborhood officials have been ready to move on, too. District 4 City
Councilor Barbara G. Haller, whose district includes the industrial park, said
the park's advisory task force agreed to recommend that the city manager take
back the land if PharmaSphere could not act.

"It's very disappointing that that (the deal) didn't happen, but we'll move on,"
she said. "We'll go out for bid again and, hopefully, we'll get something
interesting for that area."

Mr. McGourthy said the city spent no money on its deal with PharmaSphere. By
revoking the microloan and HUD loan, the city now frees up that money for
lending to other projects, he said. Terminating the land sale also means the
city can also put the parcel back out for bid.

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Mr. Darlington

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - The city has broken off a land-and-loan deal with
PharmaSphere LLC, a company that wanted to build a futuristic plant-growing
center on a vacant stretch of South Worcester property.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

New community planner position increases SCDRC budget

BYLINE: Chris Olson, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


Aug. 29--A new community planner position and salary jumps account for most of
the expenditure increases in the South Central Dakota Regional Council's
2013-2014 budget.

The SCDRC Executive Board approved the new budget Wednesday at its monthly
meeting. The budget predicts expenses of $547,464 for the 2013-2014 fiscal year
that runs from April 1 through March 31. This is an increase of 37 percent from
the 2012-2013 budget expenses of $399,837.

Business Manager Duane Spooner said the spending increase is due to the new
community planner position the SCDRC will fill within the next month. The salary
for the new position will be between $45,000 to $55,000 a year plus benefits.

The executive board also approved 5 1/2 percent salary raises for the SCDRC
staff as the staff hadn't had any salary increases in a few years.

Those two areas make up the biggest spending increases on the expenditure side
of the budget.

There could be a reduction in salary costs as Spooner is leaving the SCDRC to
become the branch manager of the First Community Credit Union in Steele, N.D.
Had Spooner stayed his salary would have been $52,961, with his total
compensation cost at $69,390 with benefits.

Spooner's replacement will have a starting salary of $45,000-$55,000, depending
on job experience and level of job skill expertise.

Income for the SCDRC comes from various federal and state government grant
programs and contributions from local governments. The budget shows income of
$531,089 for 2013-2014, but Spooner said there is about $35,000 in equity the
SCDRC has saved over the last two years that the council will draw from to close
any shortfall.

Executive Director Deb Kantrud said adding the full-time community planner
position will allow the council to offer that expertise to the nine counties
that make up the SCDRC.

"It will allow me time to focus on applying for more grants," she said.

Kantrud said Traci Musland, the council's administrative assistant, will be
taking over some of the business manager's duties as part of her job. Spooner's
replacement will have the title of community developer/loan funds manager.

The community developer/loan funds manager position is posted on North Dakota's
Job Service website and will be advertised in the local newspaper. The community
planner position will also be advertised in the local paper and on the state's
website.

In other business, the SCDRC authorized Kantrud to apply for a loan through the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Microloans Assistance Program to fund a
microloan program of its own. Kantrud said these loans would be available for
people and businesses in communities with a population of 50,000 or less and the
maximum loan amount is $50,000. The funds could be used for most business
expenses, including buying supplies and purchasing a building for the business.

Sun reporter Chris Olson can be reached at 701-952-8454 or by email at
colson@jamestownsun.com

___ (c)2013 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130829-QJ-New-community-planner-position-increases-SCDRC-budget-0829-20130829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2013 The Jamestown Sun


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            March 24, 2009, Tuesday

SBA loans vital for business

BYLINE: Judy McCauley

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 575 words


FOR SMALL business owners across the country and right here in West Virginia,
the current recession creates more than headlines - it creates daily headaches.

Decreasing consumer spending and increasing energy costs have affected small
businesses since late 2007, and economists predict this recession could last
throughout this year. The financial crisis has created a lack of liquidity in
the banking system, a reluctance of many lenders to extend new loans, tightened
credit standards, weaker finances at small businesses and uncertainty about
taking on new debt among many entrepreneurs.

Together, these conditions have led to a drop in small business lending here and
across the country. However, a renewed emphasis on prudent lending does not mean
that financing for small businesses is unavailable. In fact, our housing market
has avoided the dramatic rise and fall of values, leaving us in better shape
than other parts of the country.

The U.S. Small Business Administration plays a vital role in helping small
businesses obtain financing. Even in good times, lenders turn to the Small
Business Administration for startups and other riskier businesses.

In spite of the credit crunch, the small business administration backed more
than 78,000 small business loans nationwide worth almost $18 billion last year.
In 2008, our office worked with 40 different banks providing 216 small business
loans totaling nearly $30 million.

Given the fact that 96.6 percent of all businesses in West Virginia are small,
it stands to reason that small businesses will lead the way out of the current
recession. Without question, this economy directs increased attention to the
Small Business Administration and makes our loan products and business
counseling services more vital than ever.

President Obama signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act on Feb. 17,
giving us new tools and enhanced programs for small business owners. It provides
$730 million and makes changes to our lending and investment programs so we can
reach more small businesses.

One of the new programs will place 100 percent guarantees on loans of up to
$35,000 to viable small businesses that need help making payments on an
existing, qualifying small business loan. Repayment is deferred until 12 months
after the loan is fully disbursed, allowing small businesses time to refocus
their plans to succeed in the long run.

The stimulus bill provides $375 million for temporary fee reductions or
eliminations on SBA loans and increased guarantees, up to 90 percent for certain
loans. Currently, SBA can guarantee up to 75 or 85 percent depending on the size
of the loan. Increasing the SBA guarantee percentage will encourage lenders to
extend more capital to startup and existing small businesses.

The bill expands the Microloan program, which provides loans up to $35,000
paired with technical assistance to start-up, newly established or growing small
businesses. It is an immediate option for small businesses, since the Microloan
program is already in place with non-profit, community-based lenders across the
country.

Our resource partners are fully funded and staffed to offer free business
advice, assistance with loan packages, and low-cost business training. Our local
staff is also available to assist small business owners at every stage. To learn
more, please visit sba.gov.

McCauley is director of the U.S. Small Business Administration's West Virginia
District Office in Clarksburg.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Business briefs: Oct. 7, 2016

BYLINE: Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Oct. 07--Awards & Certifications

Zurbuch completes certification

Andrew J. Zurbuch, a licensed broker at Integrated Financial, located at 840 W.
17th St., Suite 1, has successfully completed his Medicare Advantage and
Medicare Part D 2017 certification. Zurbuch is an Indiana University alumni and
earned an MBA from Florida Institute of Technology.

Scholarships awarded to students

Scholarship winners have been announced at the fourth annual WestGate@Crane
College Fair, which was Oct. 4. Hundreds of students from 12 high schools
attended. More than 30 college and university representatives from Indiana,
Kentucky and Illinois had informational booths at the fair. A total of $3,000 in
scholarship money was awarded to three winning seniors hoping to further their
education in the science, technology, engineering and math fields.

Students wrote essays on how STEM applies to solving world problems. First-place
winner was Jonathon Ritter from North Daviess High School, who wrote about how
to maximize STEM to solve world hunger. He was awarded $1,500 in scholarship
money to attend a college or university of his choosing.

Second-place winner was Alexandria Kilzer from Bloomfield High School, who won a
$1,000 scholarship and third place winner, North Daviess' Allyson Speer, was
awarded $500.

The scholarship money is raised through the annual Running for Our Future 5K
that takes place every summer at WestGate@Crane Technology Park.

The WestGate@Crane College Fair is an Indiana Association for College Admission
Counseling registered event, meaning the fair is held to a high level of
educational standards.

Events

Free luncheon includessmall business session

On Oct. 13, the South Central Indiana Small Business Development Centers, in
collaboration with Flagship Enterprise Center, the Small Business Administration
and the Gaylwe and Bill Cook Center for Entrepreneurship, will host a Lunch and
Learn at the Ivy Tech Indiana Center for Life Sciences building, at 501 N
Profile Parkway in Bloomington. The event is free and open to anyone, and will
be presented in two parts.

In the first half, Flagship Enterprise Center will share information about its
microloan programs, which help small businesses that are unable to secure
funding from a traditional bank, secure loans up to $250,000. In the second
half, the Small Business Administration will explain its two most common loans
available to businesses, the processes of getting each loan and the
qualifications for each program. Local lenders will be on-site to discuss
financing options. If you are interested in this type of financing for your
small business, you are welcome to attend.

Special guest Josh Smith, from Clutch Fabrication of Bloomington, will discuss
his recent experience with acquiring a microloan through Flagship Enterprise
Center.

Registration for this free event is required. To register, contact Tarah Cromer
at 812-330-6261 or tcromer@ivytech.edu

Email your business news to business@heraldt.com

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161007-BM-Business-briefs-Oct-7-2016-1007-20161007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals:
Direct Loan Making

LENGTH: 930 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA)


  Action

  Notice; request for comments.

  Summary

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995, the Farm Service
Agency (FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and
organizations on a revision and an extension of a currently approved information
collection that supports 7 CFR part 764. The Direct Loan Making regulations
specify the application process and requirements for direct loan assistance. FSA
is adding additional information collection to the existing collection to
reflect the addition of the Direct Farm Ownership Microloan (DFOML). The
collected information is used in eligibility and feasibility determinations on
farm loan applications.



 Dates
 We will consider comments that we receive by December 7, 2015.

  Addresses

  We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comments, include
date, volume, and page number of this issue of theFederal Register. You may
submit comments by any of the following methods:


   Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.

   Mail: Russ Clanton, Branch Chief, Direct Loan Making and Funds Management,
USDA/FSA/FLP, STOP 0523, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0503.


  You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington,
DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be requested by contacting
Russ Clanton at the above address.

  For Further Information Contact

  Russ Clanton, (202) 690-0214.

  Supplementary Information

  Title: Farm Loan Programs, Direct Loan Making.

  OMB Number: 0560-0237.

  Expiration Date: 02/29/2016.

  Type of Request: Revision and Extension.

  Abstract: FSA's Farm Loan Programs provide loans to family farmers to purchase
real estate and equipment, and to finance agricultural production. Direct Loan
Making regulations at 7 CFR part 764 provide the requirements and process for
determining an applicant's eligibility for a direct loan.

  Several changes are being made in the estimates for the burden hours and the
number of respondents in anticipation of the new DFOML, which will be
implemented through rulemaking. FSA anticipates an increase in the use of the
forms. Also, the burden hours have changed due to the removal of the existing
collection, which was previously included in error. The specific changes are
explained below.

  There will be no new or revised forms for DFOMLs. With the planned addition of
the DFOML and the new applicants expected to apply for these real estate
microloans, FSA anticipates the total burden hours for Direct Loan Making
increasing by 1,725 hours. The anticipated 3,530 burden hours for DFOML takes
into account the number of regular FO applications normally received for loan
requests of $50,000 or less, which have a reduced application process and
paperwork burden. The hours for the Land Contract GuaranteeProgram and Emergency
Equine Loss Loan Program, previously merged into the Direct Loan Making total
burden hours, have been removed from the collection as they are already
accounted for in other existing information collections. Also, the Farm Storage
Facility Loan Program is exempted from PRA as specified in 2014 Farm Bill;
therefore, those numbers are no longer included in the collection.

  The annual number of responses decreased by 12,751, while the number of
respondents increases by 172 in the collection. The annual burden hours increase
by 1,725 hours in the collection.

  The formula used to calculate the total burden hour is estimated average time
per response in hours times total annual responses.

  Estimate of Respondent Burden: Public reporting burden for the information
collection is estimated to average 0.503851 hours per response. The average
travel time, which is included in the total burden, is estimated to be 1 hour.

  Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other for profit farms.

  Estimated Annual Number of Respondents: 182,433.

  Estimated Number of Reponses per Respondent: 3.8.

  Estimated Total Annual Responses: 685,686.

  Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.503851 hours.

  Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 345,484 hours.

  We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information collection to
help us to:

  (1) Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of FSA, including whether the information will have
practical utility;

  (2) Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the validity
of the methodology and assumptions used;

  (3) Enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be
collected;

  (4) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.

  All comments received in response to this notice, including names and
addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record. Comments will be
summarized and included in the submission for Office of Management and Budget
approval.


   Val Dolcini,

   Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25425 Filed 10-6-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2OP

LENGTH: 1046 words


LUCKY 1 PERCENT

So if we're not rich, we simply weren't lucky?

Minnesota should apply Greg Breining's insightful reasoning to lottery winners
("How lucky they are," Oct. 31). Lottery winners don't deserve their winnings
and should return them to the state for redistribution to all (including
nongamers). While some might "erroneously" think that such a policy would reduce
sales, the general population would "obviously" benefit. Let's punish the lucky!

BYRON ANFINSON, MINNEAPOLIS

- - -

According to Breining, the wealthy are just lucky -- not skilled, innovative and
hardworking. It must be a comfort to us then to know that we could have created
Apple, Microsoft and Google, but we were just unlucky. Indeed, it was just bad
luck that while others were creating innovative companies, we were busy with
fantasy football or we could have been just as successful. And we would have
worked just as hard, but we were busy contemplating weighty matters like who
should be the Vikings quarterback. I always knew there was a reason that Michael
Jordan was a great in the NBA while I wasn't -- he was just lucky and I wasn't.

KEN CUTLER, EDINA

- - -

I take serious issue with Breining's view about the role luck plays in wealth.
Luck may play a role with lottery winners, but overall the essay was a slap in
the face to hardworking Americans. Everyone I know who has come into some money
has done so through hard work, dedication, passion and, yes, being smart. My
wife and I were married more than 20 years ago. In 1991, we made $28,500. We're
now more than 10 times ahead of that. Is that by luck? I hardly think so. While
a lot of people complain and protest, we work long and hard hours and make very
good use of our time. Most important, we make a lot of money for the companies
we work for, and are rewarded in kind. That is simply how it works. No one hires
you or pays you more money because they like you or because you are nice. It's
because you make good use of your time, work hard and make money. It means you
work more than 40 hours per week, bring work home and work some weekends and
even holidays without complaint. It means you exude qualities of leadership and
good character. Stop slamming those who choose to work hard, make more money,
pay more taxes and get ahead in life. This is the American way, and quite
frankly it works well.

WILL NAGLE, PLYMOUTH

Vikings stadium

No need to use taxpayer funds for football field

I have the perfect solution to the so-called Vikings stadium problem: Zygi Wilf
could take out a loan and pay for it himself. I know that sounds crazy, but
please hear me out. Wilf should consider taking out a microloan like the rest of
the poor people of the world. But not just one loan, because that would not even
pay for one parking lot stripe. He needs to take out thousands of microloans
from all the people who are passionate about keeping the Vikings in the state --
the people who want them to stay at any cost and are willing to donate their own
money, if necessary. The state could use the money it saved to finance things
like public infrastructure, which is a longer-term solution to our jobs problem.
Win-win.

MICHAEL JOHNSON, BROOKLYN CENTER

- - -

A new stadium would be enjoyable, but there are many reasons why taxpayers
shouldn't have to pay for it. Legislation shouldn't be used to impose a tax,
because not all taxpayers are fans of the sport or the team. There are also
people who are unable to attend games, because they live too far away. These
people aren't receiving benefits; therefore, they shouldn't have to pay taxes to
support the stadium.

Others argue that the stadium would be a stimulus for the economy because it
increases revenue for businesses in the area. If the Legislature passed a tax on
those businesses, rather than on individual taxpayers, it would provide a better
funding source for the stadium. Minnesotans might argue against this solution
because restaurants and other businesses could raise prices. In reality, the
higher prices would have the greatest impact on fans attending the games who
patronize businesses near the stadium.

A sales tax on Vikings memorabilia could also be implemented. This tax would
only impact the fans and supporters of the Vikings instead of all Minnesota
citizens. Lastly, our Legislature is looking at combining casinos and horse
racing to raise money for the stadium. A portion of slot-machine money, as well
as gambling-table money, would be used for funds. This idea would save
hardworking taxpayer money, and put gambling money to good use. With all of
these other options available, public taxation shouldn't be an option.

LINDSEY SHEEHAN, LA CROSSE, WIS.

Health screenings

Don't dismiss the importance of checkups

I'm a prostate cancer patient. There's an important point that I haven't seen
expressed in the flurry of recent articles on PSA testing. Periodic PSA testing
reveals the aggressiveness of prostate cancer. If the PSA score remains
relatively constant over time, the cancer (if any) is slow-growing, and a "watch
and wait" strategy is appropriate. However, if the score begins to double every
six months or so, action must be taken. First, accumulate a history of PSA
scores. Then decide if treatment is needed.

JAMES T. VAN METER, MINNEAPOLIS

- - -

Women and their doctors remain confused about when to receive mammograms because
of the U.S. Preventative Services Task Force recommendations and the follow-up
media attention expressing doubt about the ability of mammography to save lives
("Cancer screening: How can a test be bad?," Oct. 31). Random trials have proven
that mammography does reduce the death rate from breast cancer. Arguments
stating that some women may face search-and-destroy missions for cancer cells
that pose no real danger confuse women. The important complement to that
statement is that other women do have cancers detected and treated, changing the
natural history of the disease and averting breast cancer deaths. The American
College of Obstetrics and Gynecology recently joined every medical society with
expertise in breast cancer care in recommending annual screening of women
beginning at age 40. Women should not be confused. Mammography saves lives, but
it cannot prevent all breast-cancer deaths.

DR. BARBARA MONSEES, ST. LOUIS, MO.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                              March 7, 2011 Monday

Barack steam in Bangla 'beacon' battle

BYLINE: K.P. NAYAR

LENGTH: 721  words


Washington, March 7: The 100th anniversary of the International Women's Day has
turned into a day of support for Bangladeshi Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus in
the US.

President Barack Obama's designated official for global women's issues, Melanne
Verveer, today threw the weight of the US administration behind Yunus in his
battle to remain managing director of the Grameen Bank, a microfinance
institution he founded in 1983.

Verveer, who is Obama's ambassador-at-large for global women's issues, told an
audience here at the launch of a "State of the Microcredit Summit Campaign
Report" that Yunus has been a "beacon of hope" for poor people. Yunus "never
forgot the basic mission" of Grameen Bank during his tenure at its helm, she
said in his defence.

The report, which put the total recipients of microloans at "128 million of the
world's poorest families" was specifically scheduled for release on the occasion
of International Women's Day. The vast majority of borrowers of microfinance are
women.

But the event turned out to be a rallying point for supporting Yunus in his
battle against the Bangladesh government's effort to remove him from Grameen
Bank.

Obama is an ardent admirer of Yunus and named him as a recipient of the
Presidential Medal of Freedom, America's highest civilian honour within six
months of assuming office in 2009.

He cited the work of Yunus as an agent of change, "a global leader in
anti-poverty efforts and a pioneer." Change was Obama's campaign theme in the
presidential election in 2008.

In October last year, the US Congress passed a bill to award Yunus the
Congressional Gold Medal in a bipartisan initiative by both Democrats and
Republicans on Capitol Hill.

Dick Durbin, the assistant majority leader of Democrats in the Senate, pointed
out that Yunus was "only the seventh person in history to receive the Nobel
Peace Prize, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold
Medal."

In trying to force Yunus out of Grameen Bank, the government of Prime Minister
Sheikh Hasina maybe setting itself up for a diplomatic backlash in the West -
where he is an icon - which it does not need to court or may not be able to
stand up to.

These are days when "freedom" is the chant in the corridors of the US
administration and on Capitol Hill as Arab uprisings dominate news and political
conversations in Washington.

Unable in its efforts to push out Libya's dictator and unwilling to eject
Bahrain's monarch, for instance, the Americans may find easy satisfaction if
they are able to claim victory for justice and civil society by thwarting
Hasina's effort to throw Yunus out of an organisation which is widely credited
with meeting popular aspirations.

Senator John Kerry, who heads the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has
already warned Bangladesh that "the international community will watch" the fate
of Yunus "closely and I hope that both sides can reach a compromise that
maintains Grameen Bank's autonomy and effectiveness."

Kerry added: "I am deeply concerned by efforts to remove Muhammad Yunus as
managing director of the Grameen Bank. Institutions like the Grameen Bank make a
significant contribution to Bangladesh's development and democracy and Professor
Yunus's life-long work to reduce poverty and empower women through microloans
has deservedly received worldwide attention and respect."

Yunus was to have attended the launch of today's report and met US secretary of
state Hillary Clinton, but he cancelled the trip to Washington at the last
minute because the high court in Dhaka postponed a decision yesterday on his
dismissal.

The court adjourned again today and will announce its verdict on Tuesday.

Yunus spoke by video-link to reporters in Washington and said: "Things are going
very wrong in Bangladesh." He accused Hasina's government of trying to gain
control of the only bank in the world to have won the Nobel Prize to convert it
into an "organ of the state" and gain political advantage from it.

He feared that the Hasina government would now go after all companies affiliated
to the bank in a witch-hunt against him and urged the international community to
"support civil society and give space for pluralistic approaches to
development."

Yunus said the bank's independence was at stake and said it should belong to its
poor borrowers who are also shareholders.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                             March 2, 2010 Tuesday

Egypt: Non-traditional offerings

LENGTH: 738 words


CAIRO: With the Arab world's largest population and a high level of poverty,
Egypt is an ideal candidate for the expansion non-traditional banking products,
including mobile banking and microloans. The government is now setting the legal
groundwork needed to increase the banking options available to its low-income
citizens.

Since its international debut six years ago, mobile banking has gained a
foothold in African countries with large unbanked populations. In January the
Egyptian central bank announced it was in the final stages of authorizing
legislation to regulate the mobile banking sector.

At present only 10 percent of Egyptians have a formal bank account, due in part
to the lack of branches in rural areas. In addition, there are 14 million people
living under the poverty line who traditionally considered unbankable by
commercial financial institutions.

Online banking has also yet to catch one due to low internet penetration (16
percent). The mobile market, on the other hand, is surging, with an estimated 55
million registered accounts in the country.

"Unlike Westerners, whose mobile usage is limited to necessities, Egyptians use
mobile phones excessively," Ayman Sabry, business development manager at Middle
East Network Solutions, told local press.

In 2001 Arab Bank started offering simple mobile banking services, allowing
customers to check account balances from their phones. Since then, a number of
other players have joined the market, offering more sophisticated products such
as money transfers.

As the current system of keeping track of and paying bills at payment points is
slow and bureaucratic, there is real potential for mobile bill payments to
proliferate. Indeed, a study by Ipsos Marketing Research showed that 84 percent
of respondents would to prefer to hire someone else to pay their bills.

As the majority of Egyptian transactions are cash-based, one barrier for mobile
banking to overcome is distrust of technology, but this is set to change. "There
has been huge development in the field of securing information exchange via
mobile phones, namely the introduction of new encryption systems that are
impossible to hack," said Sabry.

BNP Paribas recently applied for a mobile banking license in partnership with
Mobinil, Egypt's largest mobile carrier. Their product, called M-Wallet, should
debut in March. Orascom Telecom, which holds the majority stake in Mobinil,
launched its first mobile banking operations in Pakistan in 2009.

The new legislation should clarify the terms of partnership between banks and
Egypt's three mobile operators. "The Central Bank of Egypt should approve the
framework in the very near future and it will be the bank's responsibility to
control the quality of the operational set-up," Phillipe Joannier, the head of
BNP Paribas Egypt, told OBG. "We believe this service will represent a real
public service to all the Egyptians who do not yet have easy access to banking
services."

Microfinance is another means of increasing financial services to the poor that
has gained international prominence in the past decade. Typically, microloans
have been dispensed to low-income entrepreneurs to fulfill a social goal, but
Egypt and other countries are looking to broaden the scope of microfinance and
transform it from a charitable enterprise to a commercial one.

"Today, microfinance institutions need access to commercial finance,
transactional services support, savings: a broad cross section of financial
support," Aftab Ahmed, Citibank Egypt chairman, said at the Sanabel microfinance
conference held in Cairo in January.

To promote commercial microfinance, the government has drafted a law regulating
the sector, which will diversify the financial products available on the market,
as well as introduce transparency standards. "The first priority is a regulatory
framework for companies," Ghada Waly, advisor to the Egyptian Financial
Supervisory Authority chairman for microfinance, told the Sanabel conference.

However, recent legislation does not yet allow microfinance providers to accept
deposits, which would be a watershed event for the Egyptian microfinance
segment. Though not all citizens need loans, all can benefit from saving money.
Along with mobile banking, legalizing microfinance savings accounts has the
potential to greatly increase the percentage of banked Egyptians. -This article
was first published by Oxford Business Group on March 1, 2010.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2010 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 30, 2013 Sunday

Salon partners lean on each other

SECTION: PSC; Pg. 4PSC

LENGTH: 630 words


By Christy McLaughlin

Times Correspondent

LUTZ - Trisha Jordan was six months pregnant and on her knees installing
laminate flooring in her new salon. She and her three partners had only a few
days left before opening the doors to Element 54.

The May 20 opening date loomed as Jordan, 31, and her friend, stylist Shanda
Baker, 32, along with Shanda's parents Sam and Rose Baker hurried to make the
finishing touches. Following a year of developing a comprehensive business plan
and nearly exhausting their resources, the determined team was buoyed in April
by a financial award from the Pasco County Economic Development Council.

Their process of creating an innovative approach to salon services began by
combining Shanda's experience in design, Sam's background in industrial sales
and Rose's technology expertise. The family then recruited Jordan, a Paul
Mitchell Inc. consultant, for her 10 years of experience providing retail and
educational support to a dozen salons throughout Florida.

"We took a slow deliberate approach toward a business plan," Jordan said. "With
six to 10 salons closing per day in Florida, along with stylists frequently
relocating, we knew we had to concentrate on an amazing experience for stylists
as well as for our guests."

Element 54 Salon is divided into six private sections surrounding the core for
haircuts: a lather lounge with an emphasis on long, relaxing shampoos and
treatments; a rapid intake blow dry station; a full-service nail station; a
waxing room; a color processing lounge; and a room dedicated to men, offering
traditional hot shaves, "manscaping," and sports television.

"We recognized a growing market for masculine grooming and quick blow dry
services for ladies on the run," Jordan said. "We even offer free wine and
beers."

Market research suggested they abandon massage and facial therapies to growing
competition from medical professionals who can accept health insurance. So
Element 54 puts the emphasis on pampering hair and nail care. It boasts 10 hair
styling stations with five stylists working on a commission basis. Jordan chose
high-end product lines for quality and because their industry reps offer ongoing
business and styling support to her staff.

"We promote a team approach by keeping everybody busy with flexible hours,"
Jordan said. "We feel like we're ahead of the curve by being open 60 hours
Monday through Saturday."

"Everybody pitches in with laundry, cleaning and distributing brochures to
neighboring businesses and homes," she added.

The Pasco County Economic Development Council, which has offered free expert
guidance to small businesses for 27 years, helps new ventures that may not
qualify for traditional bank loans. Element 54 Salon's application for the
microloan program was approved in April, one of nine similar awards this year.

"There is no shortage of beauty salons in our area," said Economic Development
Manager Krista Hakes. "But they had all of their ideas in place. Our committee
took into consideration the blow dry bar and separate barbering services. Most
of all, they demonstrated the experience and know-how needed for successful
entrepreneurs."

The financial details of the microloan are confidential but meaningful. The
Element 54 partners invested the funds in equipment, marketing and a financial
cushion.

The business is a true collaboration among four Midwestern transplants: Rose
Baker handles bookkeeping and technology services, Sam Baker supervises all the
building construction and maintenance, Shanda brings an artistic eye to décor
and developing trends in hair design, and Jordan manages customer relations and
retail sales.

Element 54 is now up and running six days a week. They will host a grand opening
Aug. 3 with music, a sidewalk sale, raffles and free keratin treatments.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Craft firm turns 'proggy' art into business success;
SMALL BUSINESS

BYLINE: TOM KEIGHLEY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 511 words


ANORTH SHIELDS-based craft business which has turned a traditional North East
art into an international leisure product has secured £25,000 of funding to fuel
growth.

Craft Yourself Silly - which is based out of units close to North Shields Fish
Quay - designs, manufactures and sells trademarked craft kits called Proggy.

The kits use the traditional "proggy" mat making technique in which scraps of
material from old sacks and fabrics are pushed through holes in a hessian
backing.

Mats made using the process were once a fixture in many working-class homes
across the North East.

Hayley Smith, the entrepreneur behind the business, has repurposed the method
into DIY kits so crafters can make soft toy animals, fabric accessories and
decorations.

She has trademarked the local term "proggy" so that customers overseas are aware
of its North East origins.

The five-year-old business now employs four full-time and four part-time staff,
and is already exporting its unique kits to the US.

A £25,000 injection is the fourth portion of funding for Craft Yourself Silly
from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, via fund managers
Rivers Capital.

Some of the money was used to fulfil a recent order and will also be put towards
expanding product lines.

Ms Smith said: "I used to have a craft business with my mum called Pots and
Pancakes, based in North Shields. One of the things people wanted to learn was
the mat-making technique. So, I taught myself and we began to teach classes.

"That gradually evolved into the kits and then working with shopping channels.
We recently had the opportunity to go to America with UKTI to the biggest craft
show there."

At the event in Anaheim, California, Ms Smith made contact with US craft
retailer Jo-Ann. She later secured a contract with the firm to supply 45,000
units, which shipped in summer from Craft Yourself Silly's North Shields base.

She added: "We're absolutely bursting at the seams at the moment but we're
really keen to keep everything 'made in the UK'. We used to have to use the
'made in China' tag for some of our products, but that was just down the plastic
eyes for the animal kits. Now we've found a plastic moulding company in North
Shields which can supply us."

Kristine Murane, from Rivers Capital Partners, said: "It's great to see a
beneficiary that the Fund has helped from an early stage come on so far.

"They are now entering big markets over in the US, where there is a lot of money
to be made in the crafting industry.

"It was a pleasure working with Hayley and the team. She is a credit to her
business and a very enthusiastic businesswoman." As well as Proggy animals,
Craft Yourself Silly offers proggy supplies and tools, felting kits, and weaving
equipment.

Ms Smith has attracted media attention with appearances on new TV channel
Hochanda and product demonstrations for Woman's Weekly at their craft fair.

The North East Microloan Fund provides small businesses in the region with loans
anywhere between £1,000-£25,000.

It is aimed at entrepreneurs who cannot access mainstream funding sources.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left: Emma Neal, Rivers Capital Partners; Hayley Smith, Craft
Yourself Silly and Kristine Murane, Rivers Capital Partners

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday

Few small businesses apply for aid after Sandy damage

BYLINE: Sarah Watson, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


April 14--Small-business owners who suffered damage or have lost customers due
to Hurricane Sandy are eligible for disaster aid loans, but numbers released
through the U.S. Small Business Administration show that few businesses are
filing for help.

And if those businesses want to be eligible for grants that come from the $60
billion federal disaster aid package, they may be required to apply first for
help through the SBA to show their needs.

As of Friday, the SBA has disbursed about $100 million in low-interest loans to
businesses statewide, said spokeswoman Karen Knapik. That amount, Knapik said,
indicates that businesses that suffered damage are not applying for help or
don't know what options are out there.

SBA low-interest loans are meant for repairing buildings or damaged equipment,
but also to keep the business running, Knapik said. "We feel like we haven't
gotten enough of these businesses who need this working capital," she said.

Businesses across the state suffered damage of nearly $1.9 billion, according to
the Department of Community Affairs' plan for how it intends to spend $1.8
billion in federal disaster aid. But only $145 million of that damage total has
been reimbursed through various programs, according to the DCA plan.

Among the most affected industries, according to the report, were fishing and
aquaculture, and tourism.

The federal government did declare a fisheries disaster due to Sandy, but the
$60 billion federal aid package approved by Congress in January included only $5
million in aid marked for fisheries. Last week, U.S. Rep. Frank Pallone, D-6th,
along with U.S. Rep. John Runyan, R-3rd, introduced legislation to provide $193
million in aid to the fishing industry.

There are options for businesses that suffered damage or are still struggling,
but unlike for homeowners, the aid currently is through loans that have to be
repaid.

The state, in its spending plan still awaiting approval by the federal
Department of Housing and Urban Development, proposes using as much as $300
million in small grants or forgivable loans to small businesses and nonprofit
organizations that suffered damage of at least $5,000.

But in order to be eligible for some of the proposed grant programs, according
to the plan, businesses may have to already have applied for SBA disaster relief
loans. The deadline to apply is May 1.

New Jersey has several state-run options to help businesses that are either
loan-based or low-interest lines of credit.

Three programs, run through the state's Economic Development Authority, help
business owners with secured lines of credit, low-interest loans and microloans,
said spokeswoman Rachel Hartman.

The Main Street Disaster Relief Program is designed to help businesses fix
property while waiting for insurance reimbursement, The program uses EDA
guarantees of as much as $500,000 for commercial lines of credit to help
businesses access cash, Hartman said.

Last week the state announced a low-interest microloan program that would be
administered through the New Brunswick-based Intersect Fund. Capital One Bank
will provide $150,000 to the fund, which is marked to help small businesses with
an average loan size of $2,400, according to Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno's office.

Contact Sarah Watson:

609-272-7216

swatson@pressofac.com

Follow Sarah Watson on Twitter @acpresssarah

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130414-1AC-HLT-Few-small-businesses-apply-for-aid-after-Sandy-damage-0414-2013
0414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

Man helps the poor help themselves in his native Ghana

BYLINE: By Elliott Bueler Special To The Tribune

SECTION: ZONE

LENGTH: 551 words


There are individuals to whom "pay it forward" is a lofty aspiration, a
best-case scenario for the day when they finally come into endless resources.
And then there are those individuals, such as Doctor Abio Ayeliya, who make it
their life's work regardless.

Ayeliya, a 31-year-old native of Ghana, founded the Salt Lake City-based
nonprofit Sabu Help as his senior capstone project while at Eastern Oregon
University in 2008. He had only been in the country four years, but he said he
knew that because he had been given the rare opportunity to go to college in the
United States, much would be expected of him in his homeland.

"When I had the opportunity to come here, even if I'm not rich, they will not
believe that I'm not rich," Ayeliya said. "They expect a lot from me. They want
me to come back to their society and give a lot back."

Giving back may hold special significance for Ayeliya. He made it to the United
States with the help of a Peace Corps worker, and the worker's family, who
befriended him and impressed upon him the importance of getting an education
outside his native Africa.

As one of only a few men in his village to attend college and as one of even
fewer to study in the United States, Ayeliya said he wasn't comfortable
returning home with just a slip of paper confirming his graduation. He said he
knew that if he were to do any real good, it would take more than that.

"When I graduated, I asked myself, 'Could I just go home with this degree and
say I'm going to help my people?'" he said. "I said, 'No, I'm not just going to
go back because it's not going to make any good.' I don't want to take my degree
and say, 'OK, this is what I got.'"

Instead Ayeliya started building up Sabu Help around the motto "Helping the poor
help themselves." To do that, the organization offers microloans of as little as
$100 to help Ghanaians become self-sufficient, and they organize sponsorships to
put aspiring students through college. So far they've extended loans to more
than 90 people and they've put five students through college -- each for around
$1,400 -- and some of them already have productive careers.

It hasn't all been easy going for Sabu Help, or for Ayeliya. As a volunteer
himself, he's always in need of help. But those who have joined him, such as
board member Paula Carl, seem to share Ayeliya's passion for giving back.

"I guess I joined because fate has been incredibly kind to me, and I think we
have the responsibility to try and give something back to the world," Carl said.

How best to do that remains something they're continually working out.

Just four years into their undertaking, Ayeliya and his executive team are still
learning as they go along. But they do have a plan, and it's one that reflects
Ayeliya's personal mission.

"I just believe that we don't have to help a million people," he said. "We just
have to do one a day, and then we'll reach a million."

closeup@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

Man helps the poor help themselves in his native Ghana Sabu Help International

Founded four years ago by Doctor Abio Ayeliya, a 31-year-old Ghanaian living in
Salt Lake City.

Since 2008, it has raised more than $10,000 and has extended microloans to help
more than 90 Ghanaians and send five others to college.

Ayeliya is a volunteer himself, and is always looking for sponsors.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 28, 2014 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

In small business, a big gender gap

BYLINE: J.D. Harrison

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 865 words


Starting and running a small business is challenging enough, especially right
now, with the economic recovery still struggling to find its footing.

It can be all the more difficult if you're a woman.

A new congressional report found that women own nearly a third of the country's
small businesses, yet they account for less than 5 percent of the money borrowed
through traditional small-business loans.

Some of that, the researchers note, is probably because the types of companies
commonly run by female entrepreneurs - think small retail operations and other
consumer-facing businesses - require less funding to get off the ground.
Consequently, a disproportionately large number of female entrepreneurs seek
what are often considered "microloans," which generally fall between $5,000 and
$50,000.

But the report, released last week by the Senate Small Business and
Entrepreneurship Committee, notes that the gap in dollars awarded cannot be
entirely attributed to the size of loans women are seeking. Rather, researchers
found that female business owners are more often turned down for loans than
their male counterparts, and those who do manage to secure capital generally do
so under much less favorable terms.

"Women entrepreneurs still face a glass ceiling," the authors of the Senate
report wrote.

It isn't just in the lending arena that female entrepreneurs are facing a gender
gap. Despite programs intended to direct government work to women-owned firms,
many more federal contracts still go to companies owned by men, according to the
Senate committee study. Moreover, women receive only a small fraction of
venture-capital dollars.

Any attempts to close those divides likely would start with the private sector
and the financial industry. Still, some say federal lawmakers could take some
steps to accelerate that process and give female entrepreneurs a greater shot at
success. During a Senate hearing last week, several female business leaders and
policymakers pitched their recommendations. Here are a few of their ideas.

l Barbara Corcoran, founder of the Corcoran Group in New York and shark investor
on ABC's "Shark Tank," said too few entrepreneurs are aware of the resources
offered by the Small Business Administration. She thinks the agency is missing
out on strategic partnership opportunities that could help drive referrals to
its lending and counseling services.

Specifically, Corcoran advised the agency to team with the growing number of
online crowdfunding platforms and business incubator programs across the county
to help get the word out about its programs.

"We need to take what's working and build a better communication system around
it," she said during the hearing.

l Veronica O. Davis, partner and principal planning manager of the business
consultancy Nspiregreen LLC in Washington, suggested that the SBA ease
restrictions on its microloan program - an initiative popular with women-owned
firms, under which the SBA provides loan funds through third-party nonprofits.
She said the current effort includes too many rules that preclude those
nonprofits from tailoring their offerings to best meet the needs of the
borrower.

l Lynn Sutton, chief executive of Advantage Building Contractors in Atlanta,
noted that her company broke into the government services arena thanks largely
to a roofing contract it was awarded under what's known as sole sourcing. The
term refers to contracts negotiated directly between an agency and a private
company, thus bypassing the conventional bidding process.

"We did such a good job that the agency came back and said, 'Can you do this,
can you do that?' " she said. "It allowed us to win more jobs before we even
completed the first one."

Sutton asked lawmakers to consider legislation that would allow sole-source
contracts to be awarded as part of an existing female-owned small-business
procurement program, which she says would give more women a chance to break into
the market.

l Nely GalÃ¡n, founder of GalÃ¡n Entertainment in Marina del Rey, Calif., and
former president of Telemundo, urged the policymakers to take steps to better
educate the public about the government's training services as well as its
contracting opportunities.

"If you go on the Web sites, and you're trying to start from scratch, it's very
complicated," she said.

GalÃ¡n said the government could start by creating additional mentorship
programs that connect up-and-coming female entrepreneurs with "women who are
already further along."

Sen. Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), chair of the committee, noted in an interview
after the hearing that many women often are looking for more capital than they
can put on credit cards but less than the $300,000-and-up loans available
through the SBA's most popular lending programs.

"They need that intermediate step," she said.

She said the committee may consider legislation that would expand the SBA's
lending offerings to try to address the gap in the $50,000-to-$300,000 range.
Meanwhile, her staff is also working on a proposal that would make permanent a
federal export assistance program, which she says would help small businesses
owned by men and women expand their companies overseas.

jd.harrison@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday

Rock and Stroll John Sebastian headlines Saturday's Farm Relief Concert

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 541 words


Thursday November 11, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- John Sebastian, the songwriter, singer and storyteller who burst
on the scene in the 1960s with the Lovin' Spoonful and is still spreading the
gospel of American roots music, will appear at the Latchis Theatre in a benefit
concert on behalf of the region's struggling farmers.

The Strolling of the Heifers New England Farm Relief concert, featuring
Sebastian along with special guest Meg Hutchinson, will take place on Saturday,
Nov. 13, at 7:30 p.m.

Tickets are available online via www.brownpapertickets.com , by phone at
800-838-3006 or in person at Vermont Artisan Designs or the Latchis Hotel front
desk. Tickets are priced $45, $35 and $25, with a post-concert reception at $15
with any ticket level.

Proceeds are earmarked for the Strolling of the Heifers Microloan Fund for New
England Farmers, which extends loans to farmers who are not able to obtain
credit through traditional sources.

Sebastian and The Lovin' Spoonful put their first seven singles into the Top
Ten. This was unprecedented at the height of Beatlemania. Their hits include:
"Do You Believe in Magic?" "Daydream," "Did You Ever Have To Make Up Your Mind?"
"Summer In The City," "Darling Be Home Soon" and "Younger Generation."

Sebastian was born March 17, 1944, in New York City. His father was a noted
classical harmonica player and his mother a writer of radio programs. Regular
visitors to the Greenwich Village home included Burl Ives and Woody Guthrie, so
it was no surprise when young John became a fan of, and then a participant in,
the folk music revival that swept the nation in the late '50s.

Making his bow as a member of the Even Dozen Jug Band, his skills on guitar,
harmonica and autoharp soon made him a sought-after accompanist on the Village
folk scene, working with Fred Neil, Tim Hardin, Mississippi John Hurt, Judy
Collins, Bob Dylan and others.

After leaving The Lovin' Spoonful, he bore witness to another turn of the
musical zeitgeist with his performances at festivals like Woodstock and the Isle
of Wight. He had been involved in music for films and Broadway, but when
producers of a television show called "Welcome Back Kotter" commissioned a theme
song in 1976, Sebastian's "Welcome Back" became a chart-topping solo record.

The '90s also saw him return to the group format with the J-Band, a contemporary
celebration of his jug band heritage. Sebastian's induction into the Rock and
Roll Hall of Fame in 2000 hasn't slowed him down. He was the subject of the PBS
special "Do You Believe In Magic: The Music of John Sebastian," and an album of
duets with David Grisman was released in 2007. He has also lent his music in
support of social, environmental and animal rights causes.

The concerts have been made possible with support from Newman's Own Foundation
and Price Chopper.

Strolling of the Heifers, based in Brattleboro, is dedicated to saving family
farms by connecting people with the food they eat. In partnership with The
Carrot Project, in 2008 it launched the Microloan Fund, which addresses the
credit needs of farmers not able to borrow elsewhere. More information is at
www.strollingoftheheifers.com .

For more information about the artists, visit www.johnbsebastian.com and
www.meghutchinson.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS



       Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Macroeconomics (English)

                     August 23, 2010 Monday 6:43 PM GMT +3

Microloans issued to SMEs in Pskov Region

SECTION: MACROECONOMICS

LENGTH: 67  words


PSKOV. Microloans are being issued to small and midsized enterprises (SMEs) in
the Pskov Region, which borders the EU countries of Estonia and Latvia, as well
as on Belarus.

Seven of the twelve applications submitted by SMEs have been satisfied. The
loans total RUR1.5mn ($49,165, or (EURO)38,375).

Microfinancing implies the issue of loans of up to RUR300,000 ($9,835, or
(EURO)7,675) for up to one year.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_MACRO


                      Copyright 2002 - 2010 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 17, 2012 Thursday

For many, loans are a lift out of poverty

BYLINE: Cathy Jett, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 925 words


May 17--Grace Msowoya and Betty Louhana used to be like dozens of women eking
out a living by selling potatoes in Blantyre, Malawi.

Frustrated by their small profits, the business partners turned to Opportunity
International for help. The Christian microfinance non-profit, which is
dedicated to helping people in Third World countries lift themselves out of
poverty, provided the microloan they needed to rent a truck.

Now Msowoya and Louhana spend several days on the road each week buying directly
from farmers and selling potatoes to the vendors who were formerly their
competition.

The two women have increased their profits enough to open a savings account that
they can access with a card containing their thumbprints at an OI banking kiosk
near their business. Grace was also able to move her family from two small rooms
to a two-bedroom home and send all three of her children to school.

It is stories like Msowoya's and Louhana's that helped inspire Kadita "AT"
Tshibaka of Fawn Lake in Spotsylvania County to get involved with Opportunity
International and eventually become its interim president and CEO from April of
2009 to March of 2010. He's now a member of its board.

Tshibaka understands their plight. He grew up poor in the Democratic Republic of
the Congo, the youngest of five children. His father died when he was only 3,
and his mother supported the family by selling alcohol. She was able to put his
older brothers through high school.

"They combined to make sure I got something better," he said.

Tshibaka attended high school at a Presbyterian mission and won a scholarship to
Dartmouth College, where he received his bachelor's degree and an MBA. He went
on to have a 33-year career at Citibank and then headed the divisional risk
management team for the wholesale and international division of Lloyds TSB Group
from 2005 until his retirement two years later.

"In 2002, I was introduced by a friend to this organization, whose vision it was
to see all people be able to provide for themselves and their families and lift
themselves out of poverty not with a handout but a hand up," he said.
"Microfinance appealed to me because of what I saw my mom go through. If she had
had opportunity that others have today to have access to even a small loan she
could have done much, much better."

Tshibaka said he also wanted to give back, and OI would give him a platform to
use the skills God had blessed him with. And he liked the fact that although it
is a Christian organization, it doesn't discriminate on the basis of tribe or
faith.

Opportunity International was established in 1971 by Al Whittaker, former
president of Bristol-Myers International Corporation in America, and Australian
entrepreneur David Bussau after visiting the poorest of the poor in Colombia.
They noticed the ingenuity of these people, and realized that providing them
with loans as small as $60 could help them work their way out of poverty.

Today, the organization provides a variety of services in 23 countries in
emerging markets. Besides microloans, they include mobile and satellite banks,
which provide banking services to rural areas where none had been available;
agricultural loans to small farmers; an Emerging Leaders program to train women
in banking and finance; and long-term loans and training to school proprietors
in underserved neighborhoods.

Opportunity International also has a program called Trust Groups, which promotes
solidarity among a group of 10 to 30 entrepreneurs, who are usually women.
Members must participate in four to eight weeks of training in business skills
and personal development. They elect a leader and pledge to guarantee each
other's loans, which means they don't have to put up collateral to qualify for a
loan, and they must support one another's businesses.

"In an African village, people see this as a lifeline," said Tshibaka. "If you
misbehave, the others are not happy with you. We have a 98 percent repayment
rate. It went down to 95 to 96 percent during the economic crisis. Even with the
poorest of the poor, that's still very good."

The majority -- 84 percent -- of Opportunity International's clients are women
living in rural areas, he said. Their men have either been killed during wars or
have left them behind as they sought work in urban areas or other countries.

"When we can help our mothers and our sisters in our culture, when you give a
hand up to women, they invest in things that matter -- education, food on the
table, adequate health care," he said.

Opportunity International gets its funding from such businesses as Tshibaka's
former employer, Citibank, and organizations such as the Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation. It also has "support partners" in five first-world countries that
are "dedicated to knocking on doors and explaining our operation" to
individuals, churches, corporations and foundations, he said. Donations also can
be made online at the nonprofit's website, opportunity.org.

OI's current goal, given the shaky economy, is to consolidate its operations and
go deeper into the areas where it is already helping people, Tshibaka said. Its
three major goals are to touch as many lives as possible, help the poor become
self-sustaining, and for its programs to be self-sustaining.

"It's a challenge," he said, "but we feel it's a challenge worth taking."

Cathy Jett: 540/374-5407

Email: cjett@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2012 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120517-FB-For-many-loans-are-a-lift-out-of-poverty-0517-20120517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2012 The Free Lance-Star


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Microloan

           Valley Economic Development Center 5121 Van Nuys Blvd. 3Rd
                                     Floor
                              Van Nuys,  CA 91403
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (818) 907-9977
FAX: (818) 907-9720
URL: www.microloan.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We offer our employees excellent benefits packages and great opportunities
for growth. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Contact us and see how you
can join us and help us make a difference.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Offering grace in a metro-area food desert

BYLINE: Gracie Bonds Staples; Staff

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 933 words


It's been more than a year now since I met Suellen Daniels, and in all that
time, I haven't been able to forget her.

At the time, I was working on a series of stories about Atlanta's food deserts,
low-income communities at least 1 mile from the nearest supermarket, and a
source had pointed me to Daniels, who was knee deep in helping provide food to
people who occupied these deserts in Atlanta's suburbs, namely Cumming and the
rest of Forsyth County.

Even if they could afford to buy food, though few could, they didn't have the
transportation to get to it.

Daniels had decided it was her calling to make that happen. Not only was she
collecting food, she and a team of volunteers were preparing and delivering hot
meals to the people who needed them.

I met her early one morning at Grace Chapel Church of Christ in Cumming, where
the 57-year-old grandmother first saw the need and, well, decided to do
something.

Five years earlier, Daniels and her husband, Stephen, had fallen on hard times.
They lost their jobs. They lost retirement. Finding a full-time job was nearly
impossible.

Desperate, they searched for work and between the two of them signed on for
seven part-time jobs. Not even that was enough to make ends meet. Friends and
family contributed food, clothing and badly needed cash.

The couple was volunteering at Grace Chapel one day in late October 2010 helping
distribute coats, blankets and food to needy families when Daniels got a little
irritated. Some 50 people had signed up for the free items. Eighteen of those
families did not come to claim their boxes.

Weeks later, she said, county officials arrived to thank the volunteers.

You may be wondering why so many people didn't come, one of them said. They
didn't because they couldn't get here.

"It never occurred to me that people struggled with transportation," Daniels
said.

Nor had it occurred to her that nearly 37,000 families with school-aged children
went to bed hungry every night in Forsyth County even though it is one of the 10
wealthiest and fastest-growing counties in the United States.

Before that moment, Daniels had searched long and hard for her purpose.

When a county official offered up those stats, Daniels had an epiphany.

"I reflected on what had happened to us," she said.

Daniels wanted to help, but how could she?

Jerry Dupree, then a county coordinator for volunteer efforts, suggested she
reach out to the county's school social workers.

They gave her the name of a family of three. The next week, they referred three
families of 15 people. Daniels began gathering food, making family meals and
delivering them. The following week, she had five families and 25 people.

From January to June 2011, she and a group of friends collected food, created
hot nutritious meals, boxed everything up and delivered it to needy families
with children. By the end of the year, the list had grown to more than 20
families in Forsyth, and they had moved out of her home and into the church
building to work.

When I spoke to her in 2014, she was calling the effort Meals by Grace and had
recently added a car revitalization program, acquiring old fixer-uppers and
repairing them for the road again.

Once families are able to financially handle the added responsibility, they are
given a car with a small "payment" on a microloan to help them re-establish
their credit, keep their dignity, and learn other valuable skills. The money
from the microloan goes back into the repair fund to help get the next car ready
for another family.

As of the end of 2015, the organization had grown and was operating as the
Bridge, with Meals by Grace being the food support arm of the program. They now
serve nearly 140 families each month with each family receiving about 60 pounds
of food each week. Along the way, they have received private donations, help
from foundations, and a one-time grant of $18,000 from the Atlanta Community
Food Bank.

Daniels told me last week that she is developing two other programs to help
clients with life skills and work development training.

"Over the years, we've learned a lot, like the need for holistic care. Once the
specter of hunger is removed from the families we serve, we find other
underlying needs that are keeping them stuck," Daniels said.

In addition to the food delivery program, they offer a "client-choice" pantry
called "the Marketplace" two days a week, and a mobile pantry focused on
children in Head Start and their families. Every program has been designed to
give families a choice and return lost dignity to their lives.

It's Daniels' way of building "a bridge from poverty to self-sufficiency" for
those in need.

But Daniels and her volunteers need help, too, so they are able to continue the
work they're doing.

"We need more space," Daniels said.

After moving from Grace Chapel to Midway United Methodist Church last April,
they've run out of space again.

"We've located our 'forever home' and want to expand services to needy families
in Dawson and Hall counties," Daniels said.

To do that, she hopes to launch a capital campaign sometime this month but more
on that in a later column.

Daniels is still swirling from the need and what she has been able to accomplish
through Meals by Grace and the Bridge. She never dreamed that God would use her
to bring something so wonderful into existence.

"I am only one, but I am still one," she said, quoting Helen Keller. "I cannot
do everything, but still I can do something. And because I cannot do everything,
I will not refuse to do the something that I can do.

"Look at how much more we have done by working together as a community. It's
awesome."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Volunteers prepare meals at Grace Chapel Church of Christ in
Cumming. Suellen and Stephen Daniels founded Meals by Grace five years ago after
becoming aware of a need. JOHN SPINK / JSPINK@AJC.COMSuellen Daniels instructs
volunteers at Grace Chapel Church of Christ in Cumming. She and her husband,
Stephen, founded Meals by Grace, a ministry that delivers food to needy suburban
families. JOHN SPINK / JSPINK@AJC.COM/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                October 24, 1994

CITY MICROLOAN PROGRAM WEAQTHERS FEW LOSSES:  AFTER YEAR, FOUR  OUT OF 50 LOANS

 HAVE DEFAULTED

BYLINE: BARBARA MOONEY

SECTION: News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 334 words


The city of Cleveland's microloan program has passed its first birthday with a
record of 46 wins and four losses.

The program, which the city began in the summer of 1993 with $1 million in bank
contributions to a loan guarantee fund, has guaranteed 50 loans. Four of the
loans are in default because the business owners either left the city or ceased
operations that weren't making money, said Clark D. Broida, manager of the
city's small-business program.

Of the $760,000 the program has guaranteed, $55,000 is in default, Mr.  Broida
said.

''Defaults are going to happen - we focus on the 46 loans to businesses that are
making it,'' Mr. Broida said.

However, the bad loans, all of which went to retail or restaurant businesses,
''have caused small changes - not major tinkering -in how we handle the loan
requests,'' Mr. Broida said.

''We're taking a harder look at how much commitment to the business the
applicants are putting into their plans.

''Maybe it's been too easy for them to walk away from the businesses at the
first signs of trouble,'' he said.

Despite the failed loans, a bank representative said she believes the program
has been successful. ''These are by nature very difficult loans,'' said Rosalyn
A. Rudisille, assistant vice president of Society National Bank and a member of
the committee that reviews the loan applications.

''We knew going in there would be defaults - I think there have been fewer than
we expected,'' Ms. Rudisille said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Broida

                    Copyright 1994 Crain Communications Inc.


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Microloans.com

                         4100 DFW Turnpike  Suite #5339
                               Dallas,  TX 75222
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.microloans.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

PASCO PLEDGES $100,000 FOR SMALL BUSINESS LOANS

BYLINE: LISA BUIE, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY



HIGHLIGHT: When banks are reluctant to provide loans, the microloan program
would offer up $35,000 to small business owners to expand or buy equipment.


A microloan program to help small businesses got a boost this week from Pasco
County commissioners, who pledged $100,000 to help provide the loans.

"We need jobs," Commissioner Pat Mulieri said at the board's meeting Tuesday.
"This is a way we can take our small business people and help them expand."

The program is being spearheaded by the Pasco Economic Development Council,
which needed to start the program with local support to secure a sponsorship
through the federal Small Business Administration.

"We hope this is a one-time deal only," said Michael Cox, a former County
Commissioner and head of the EDC efforts to develop the program.

He said the maximum loan would be $35,000 and would provide financing for
expansions that banks were reluctant to grant loan approval, such as those
involving movable equipment. Cox recalled how he once got turned down for a loan
that would have paid for equipment for his auto repair businesses.

"I had to scrounge and beg my father for the money," he said.

Cox said that several banks, including Wells Fargo, had committed funding for
the program. Tim Tangredi, CEO of Odessa nanotechnology firm Dais Analytic, and
his wife had committed $10,000.

"They remember how they got help," he said, referring to the county incentives
the firm received to move to Pasco from New York.

Cox said the EDC would establish rules for the program through a committee that
would include representation from the county. The group will return with a draft
before the program receives final approval.

County budget director Mike Nurrenbrock said the money could come from a
$500,000 fund that the county previously established to aid existing businesses.
It would not be taken from a $2 million fund to attract new industry.

"We won't have to use our big fish money," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday

What are microloans?

LENGTH: 132 words


MICROCREDIT is the extension of very small loans, known as microloans, to the
working poor to spur entrepreneurship.

Most of these individuals lack the collateral, steady employment and a genuine
credit history to meet the minimal requirements for commercial bank loans.

Microcredit is believed to have originated in 1976 with the formation of the
Grameen Bank in Bangladesh - a community bank which doles out small loans to the
poor without demanding collateral.

It was founded on the belief that the poor have skills which are underutilised.

A group-based credit approach uses a system of peer pressure to ensure that
borrowers exercise caution and discipline in their financial dealings. The
system also ensures repayments are made on time, thus allowing borrowers to
develop good credit standing.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Denver Post

                            January 31, 2005, Monday

Denver group sets up microloan program for tsunami victims

BYLINE: By Will Shanley

LENGTH: 454 words



As rescue workers lend a hand to victims of last month's earthquake and tsunami
in South Asia, a Denver nonprofit plans to lend something else: capital.

The Denver chapter of the Alliance of Professional Women, in conjunction with
the Virginia-based International Alliance for Women, has raised several thousand
dollars for business loans to assist at least 40 women in Thailand, one of the
areas hit hard by the disaster.

Each loan will be for $ 125, and the women will use the money to purchase
business supplies such as wheelbarrows to transport fruit or vegetables,
materials to repair damaged storefronts, or needles and thread to make garments.

"There's a huge amount of goodwill right now, but our fear is, in six months to
eight months, the disaster will be out of people's minds," said Patricia Foley
Hinnen, chair of the International Alliance for Women's Microenterprise
Development Program. "We want to make sure microfinance is a part of the
long-term relief plan." The money comes mostly from private and corporate
donations and is distributed through a so-called "village bank" in Thailand,
which the groups helped establish in 2003.

Like traditional bank loans, these loans carry a standard commercial interest
rate. Once all the women who receive loans have paid them back, the women are
eligible for additional loans to help further expand their businesses.

To streamline the process, the Denver group does not offer the loans itself.
Instead, the group provides a grant to a nonprofit microfinance institution in
the target country, and the local organization then sets up a revolving loan
pool. The organization is financed through the interest the women pay.

"It's a hand up, not a handout," said Karen Rosen, executive director of the
Denver chapter of the Alliance of Professional Women. "It will help the women
get back on their feet, so they can rebuild their lives and their communities."
The two groups combined to raise $ 6,000 to start the village bank in 2003,
which provided business loans to about 20 women.

This year, the Denver group had planned to turn its philanthropic efforts to
Guatemala. However, after the tsunami ravaged much of South Asia, the group
opted to support Thailand in addition to Guatemala.

The Denver group has raised more than $ 20,000 during the last four years to
help set up village banks in four foreign nations, including Thailand.

The international agency has established village bank programs in more than 20
countries, including ones in the Philippines, India, Pakistan, Mexico and the
Dominican Republic.


-----

To see more of The Denver Post, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.denverpost.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: DP-MICROLOAN-20050131

JOURNAL-CODE: DP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 Denver Post


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               February 12, 2010
                              Business Day Edition

ON Tuesday, Capitec Bank Holdings (Capitec) published a positive trading update
for the financial year ended February 28 2010. The company expects earnings per
share and headline earnings per share to be between 30% and 50% higher than
those in the

BYLINE: Ben Temkin

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 551  words


PRIVATE INVESTOR

Some reasons for warming to Capitec

ON Tuesday, Capitec Bank Holdings (Capitec) published a positive trading update
for the financial year ended February 28 2010. The company expects earnings per
share and headline earnings per share to be between 30% and 50% higher than
those in the previous financial year. This is good news for its shareholders,
including PSG, which holds almost 36% of its issued shares. It also adds to the
list of recent positive updates, which include those of Bidvest and Imperial
Holdings. However, the list of negatives is still on the long side.

I chose to write on Capitec because, had I liked its core operation,
microlending, I would possibly have tried to persuade Jean that it should be on
the Private Investor portfolio's wish list. No chance.

Don't get me wrong. Micro-lending, if well-managed - and Capitec has a proven
management - is a profitable business. And Capitec has been expanding its retail
banking business based on a low-cost transactional structure.

Jean's and my aversion to microlending is because of its swingeing interest
rates. Of course, the rates have to be high to compensate for the credit risk.
But consider this: according to the table on Capitec's website, if you borrow an
amount of R1000 for one month, you'll have to pay back R1155. This R1155
includes an initiation fee of R124. The effective rate of interest is 32%. On a
three-month loan of R2000, the repayment required (which includes an initiation
fee of R874) is R2 622 and the interest rate is 60%. On longer-term loans this
almost halves, but then the loans are larger.

The fact is that microloans are driven by consumer need. In many respects
borrowers could have a positive cost-advantage by borrowing from Capitec than,
for example, buying goods on credit instalments. Such goods are often
front-loaded in the mark-up in the sales price to take into account the credit
risk.

Front-loading in the mark-up price doesn't feature in the interest cost that has
to be paid. In addition, it is standard practice to charge for credit life
insurance in the instalments. This insurance claim is paid out in the event of
the buyer dying before the instalments are paid. Capitec does not charge for
credit life insurance.

It makes sense, therefore, for cash-strapped customers to shop around discount
stores. Having found the best buys, they could well find that borrowing R10000
from Capitec at an effective rate of 34,5% would be a much better deal than
buying similar goods from a supplier whose operation is credit-based. After all,
since the implementation of the National Credit Act, the creditworthiness of
customers has to be tested by all credit suppliers on the same standards.

While I was researching and writing about Capitec, I warmed to it. The
apparently cruel interest rates on microloans are not much more painful than the
interest rates charged on credit cards. I also like Capitec's retail banking
operation.

I guesstimate diluted earnings per share for the 2010 financial year at about
500c. At Wednesday's market close, Capitec's share price was R75,75, with a
forward price-earnings ratio of 15,15, an earnings yield of 6,6% and a dividend
yield of 3,3%. Challenging ratings and good reason for me to delve further into
its investment fundamentals.

bentem@mweb.co.za

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Wall Street Journal Abstracts

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

MICROLOANS CATCH ON AMONG EUROPEANS, TOO

BYLINE: ILAN BRAT, GIOVANNI LEGORANO

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 40 words

ABSTRACT

European Microfinance Network data show microloans rose 31% to 1.05 billion
euros from 2008 to 2011;  growth comes as traditional bank loans are scarce and
interest in self-reliance and starting business grows amid crisis; photo (M)

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

Kazakhstan has granted 3,732 microloans in 2012 to support agriculture

LENGTH: 141  words


Kazakhstan granted 3,732 microloans, totaling 3.14 billion tenge ($ 20.9
million), as part of microcredit funding of agriculture in 2012, the press
service of the fund said.



"Over the period of the micro-credit program were issued 66,662 microcredits to
rural population for a total of 17.9 billion tenge. In the past year were issued
3,732 micro credits.

As part of the program were employed 71,695 people, purchased 383 thousand heads
of cattle and planted more than 52 hectares of land.

90.7% of loans was oriented on the development of livestock, on crop - 2.3% and
on other types of businesses - 7%.

Overall, the Foundation has allocated 11.2 billion tenge during 2012 to support
rural and agricultural producers through the various lending programs.

Loan products are being actively explored in Almaty, East Kazakhstan and South
Kazakhstan regions.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                         Copyright  2013   CA-NEWS.org
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            June 3, 1992, Wednesday

SBA INTRODUCES ITS 'MICROLOAN' PROGRAM

BYLINE: BY EUGENE CARLSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 3

LENGTH: 52 words


Small Business Administration unveils 'microloan' program designed to make loans
of as little as few hundred dollars to very small businesses, especially those
run by women, minorities and low-income entrepreneurs; in some cases, good
reputation in community will be only collateral required, agency says (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 5, 2013 Friday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility  Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Loan amounts and terms vary.
Application
process  Applicants must work with an SBA approved intermediary lender. A list
of local SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            November 19, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Microloans made easy on the Web; Kiva Helps people out of poverty. Site lets
individuals lend small amounts to entrepreneurs in developing countries

BYLINE: MARK STACHIEW, FREELANCE

SECTION: YOUR BUSINESS; NETWORTHY; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1090  words


IT'S THE GIVING SEASON

www.kiva.org

You have probably heard of microloans - a concept whereby entrepreneurs in
developing countries receive small loans to start businesses that can lift them
and their families out of poverty. Thanks to the Web, you can be the person that
lends the person that money.

Kiva is a community site that enables individuals to lend small amounts of money
to people in developing countries all over the world. You could lend $100 to a
carpenter in Africa for new tools, or $1,000 to a cattle farmer in Cambodia to
buy a new cow and build a shed to house it.

You can lend all of the money the person needs or just a portion and encourage
other people in the Kiva community to kick in the rest.

The money is collected by Kiva and is forwarded to field workers from various
non-governmental organizations who disburse it to the entrepreneurs. Those same
NGOs screen the various applicants before their requests are posted on Kiva.

The money is eventually paid back to the NGOs, sent back to Kiva and returned to
you, the lender. You can choose to withdraw your money or lend it to someone
else.

To date, Kiva has loaned more than $1.8 million U.S. with only a three-per-cent
default rate. Whenever you lend money, there's a risk.

The entrepreneur can go out of business, get sick or face some natural calamity,
and there is also a risk the NGO collecting the money goes bankrupt or is victim
of fraud.

Even if you don't get your money back, just think of it as a donation to a good
cause where you don't have any expectation of seeing the money again.

CAN I HAVE SOME TIME OFF?

www.whosoff.com

Keep track of your staff vacations with Who's Off, a free site that makes it
easy to manage vacation requests from your employees.

Sign up for an account and enter your employees' names and their annual vacation
entitlements. You can also enter statutory holidays on the calendar and set
special rules for employees, such as ensuring that certain people don't take
vacations at the same time so that critical parts of your operation are covered
by one of those people.

When employees request vacation days, they can log on the site to make their
vacation requests and their request is forwarded to their manager to approve.
The approval process is optional.

If you have a large organization, you can organize your Who's Off account by
department, so it is easier to keep track of requests and not clutter the
calendar view with too many items.

Administrative accounts can also use the site to keep track of sick time booked
by employees. With the calendar view, it becomes easy to spot sickness trends,
either by individuals or for the entire staff.

A BETTER ADDRESS BOOK

www.batchbook.com

Keeping track of all of your business contacts in one central place is easy with
Batchbook.

Not only does the site let you maintain a database of all your contacts, but it
also lets you manage your to-do list as well as log all your communications with
the people in your contact list.

If you've already got an address book full of people in Outlook or some similar
application, Batchbook gives you tools to import that list. If you choose to
export the data later, you can export the entire list or use filters to output
an abbreviated version of the list.

The to-do list feature is basic. It lets you list various tasks you want to
accomplish and set due dates for them. You can view the tasks due for that day,
the week, the month or the year. There's no way to classify them by type or
assign priorities to them.

The communications log is an area of the site where you can keep track of any
email, phone calls or other types of correspondence you have had with the people
in your contact list. Because it's not integrated with your email system, you'll
have to be diligent enough to copy and paste your important messages into the
database in order for this function to be useful.

Batchbook offers a free service limited to one user with 200 contacts. If you
want more users to be able to log on and keep track of a larger number of
contacts, you'll have to subscribe to one of its premium levels of service.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU

www.birthdaytime.com

Never forget another birthday again by using Birthday Time, a site that sends
you email alerts to remind you.

Sign up for a free account and you can use the site to maintain a list of the
birth dates of friends, family members and associates.

You can import the dates from other online calendar applications you may
maintain, send messages from the site to your friends to ask them to add the
date themselves or simply enter them manually.

You can also add the dates for holidays or other special events for which you
may want reminders.

You get a first and second reminder emailed to you for each date and you can set
how far in advance you receive those alerts. They can be anywhere from one day
to two weeks in advance.

Be sure to test it to make sure you actually get those messages and don't have
some anti-spam filter delete them or relegate them to a subfolder that you won't
read in time.

For your convenience, the site also offers links to some electronic greeting
cards that you can send to people on your list.

MANAGE YOUR AFFAIRS

www.veetro.com

There are lots of software services available online for small business to
manage their affairs. Some are good at project management, others at editing
documents, but not many can do all those things well at the same time.

Veetro might be one of those sites that can.

I say might because the new version of its site doesn't officially launch until
Christmas, but its description of what they intend to offer sounds promising.
It's accepting sign-ups now for people interested in taking a free trial when
the site is live.

You'll also qualify for a 50-per-cent discount on its lifetime registration fee,
although it isn't saying how much that fee will be. Version 1.0 of its site is
still going, but it is no longer accepting new customers for that version.

A shopping list of all the software tools that will be available once Veetro 2.0
goes live includes: a help-desk solution, management reports, executive
dashboards, billing software, document management, online calendars,
time-tracking software, address books, project-management software, sales
management and email marketing.

Everything will be hosted online, including your data, so all you'll need is an
Internet connection. Stay tuned.

Do you have a website that is NETWorthy? Send it to mstachiew@canwest.com

Previous columns can be read online at
www.canada.com/topics/technology/columnists/stachiew.html

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: COURTESY OF KIVA; The money collected by Kiva is forwarded to various
NGOs who disburse the funds to entrepreneurs. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Post oil: Microloans and cooking oil green-up 'jeepneys';
An engineer says microloans and cooking oil can make over a fleet of old jeepney
buses, and a city in the Philippines is ready to jump on board.

BYLINE: Tina Pamintuan Contributor

LENGTH: 867 words


Filipino life relies on "jeepneys." Riding one to work or school is routine for
most people here. The eclectic utility vehicles - a mash-up of jeep and jitney -
attract passengers with their flashy ornaments and bold paint jobs. However, for
all their color, these small buses are decidedly not green.

With 15-to-20-year-old engines that are far from fuel-efficient, jeepneys exhale
a sizable share of the country's carbon emissions.

That's why engineer Chips Guevera set out to convince jeepney owners in the
Philippines to convert their diesel engines to run on filtered cooking oil.

Shrinking the industry's carbon footprint, he says, could improve air quality
and curb the country's fossil fuel consumption.

"It's a no-brainer," he says in his small garage in Makati, one of 17 cities
that make up metro Manila. "The costs are lower and it's better for the
environment."

Mr. Guevera, who also sells the recycled and filtered fuel, touts how used
cooking oil around Manila is already cheaper than diesel. Still, it's difficult
to convince owners to take a risk on something new, especially when most can't
afford the conversion kit that his company, Alterenergy Systems, sells.

While Guevera spreads the message in the nation's capital, he's inspired a
nearby city to take matters into its own hands and to nudge jeepney owners
toward a petrol-free future.

The government of Tanauan, a few hours south of Manila, has teamed up with one
of the country's major banks to create a special program that will lend drivers
the money needed to convert their vehicles. Already, the city council has set
aside 600,000 Filipino pesos ($13,800) to fund a pilot program for 10 jeepneys.

Under the plan, drivers without the credit history or collateral needed for a
normal loan may borrow the government money from Rizal Commercial Banking
Corporation. As the jeepney owners repay the loan, the original amount of the
loan goes back to the city while the bank pockets the interest.

Tanauan Mayor Sonia Torres Aquino put the plan in motion after her son-in-law
and adviser, Jovi Bengzon, visited Guevera's garage. He returned very impressed.

"It smelled like fried chicken," jokes Mr. Bengzon. "But it worked."

If the pilot program runs smoothly, Ms. Aquino says it could expand to help more
of Tanauan's 350 jeepney drivers save on fuel.

"It will be very economical for them," she says. "It is also environmentally
sound; but to start, they will have to spend some money - more than they are
used to."

Her biggest worry is that drivers will see this as a government handout and not
make payments.

"I've told the government, 'You are not out in front. We are,' " says Long
Pineda, who heads microfinance operations for Rizal Commercial Banking
Corporation. "If the drivers get the money from city hall, they might think, 'We
don't need to pay this back. It's taxpayer money anyway.' But when they go to a
bank, they know they have to pay it back."

The terms of the loan are still being negotiated, but the city and bank will
likely agree on an interest rate of 2 percent a month.

"Microfinance is a very lucrative business," Ms. Pineda says, "but it also
provides a service. Jeepney owners normally borrow from money lenders who [don't
require credit histories but] charge close to 20 percent interest a month. It's
a huge savings for [drivers]."

The Philippines has a history of innovative financial programs for low-income
borrowers. These customers traditionally get turned away because of the
perception that they're too risky.

But nonprofit organizations started setting up microfinance programs in the
Philippines more than 30 years ago. The country's Central Bank actively
regulates these loans. Such measures led the The Economist to rank the country
as the second-best climate in the world to conduct microfinance.

If the jeepney program in Tanauan succeeds, it could stand as a strong example
for communities looking for creative ways to solve their own energy needs.

Five years ago, the Philippines became the first country in Asia to pass a
biofuels law.

The law was supposed to encourage small towns to gain energy independence using
indigenous resources. Instead, many of the resulting projects involved
large-scale production of jatropha, a nonnative plant that can be turned into
biodiesel. Many of these projects were not successful.

"If you can crack community energy needs, if you can find a way to source
locally, then you'll have made a major difference," says Lasse Holopainen, who
worked for the Philippine department of energy when it researched the national
law and now teaches a class on business and climate change at Ateneo University
in Manila.

According to Pineda, community-based projects tend to work better than those
immediately launched on a national level.

"It really works better if you start on the ground level," she says.

The Tanauan jeepney project is the bank's first green microfinance program -
environmentally friendly efforts are often considered unprofitable by bankers in
the Philippines. But, she says, she's excited about the possibilities for more
programs such as this in the future.

The travel for this report was underwritten by a grant from the International
Center for Journalists.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chips Guevera sells a conversion kit that enables jeepney owners to
install engines that run on the cheaper oil. Tina Pamintuan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Post oil: Microloans and cooking oil green-up 'jeepneys';
An engineer says microloans and cooking oil can make over a fleet of old jeepney
buses, and a city in the Philippines is ready to jump on board.

BYLINE: Tina Pamintuan Contributor

LENGTH: 867 words


Filipino life relies on "jeepneys." Riding one to work or school is routine for
most people here. The eclectic utility vehicles - a mash-up of jeep and jitney -
attract passengers with their flashy ornaments and bold paint jobs. However, for
all their color, these small buses are decidedly not green.

With 15-to-20-year-old engines that are far from fuel-efficient, jeepneys exhale
a sizable share of the country's carbon emissions.

That's why engineer Chips Guevera set out to convince jeepney owners in the
Philippines to convert their diesel engines to run on filtered cooking oil.

Shrinking the industry's carbon footprint, he says, could improve air quality
and curb the country's fossil fuel consumption.

"It's a no-brainer," he says in his small garage in Makati, one of 17 cities
that make up metro Manila. "The costs are lower and it's better for the
environment."

Mr. Guevera, who also sells the recycled and filtered fuel, touts how used
cooking oil around Manila is already cheaper than diesel. Still, it's difficult
to convince owners to take a risk on something new, especially when most can't
afford the conversion kit that his company, Alterenergy Systems, sells.

While Guevera spreads the message in the nation's capital, he's inspired a
nearby city to take matters into its own hands and to nudge jeepney owners
toward a petrol-free future.

The government of Tanauan, a few hours south of Manila, has teamed up with one
of the country's major banks to create a special program that will lend drivers
the money needed to convert their vehicles. Already, the city council has set
aside 600,000 Filipino pesos ($13,800) to fund a pilot program for 10 jeepneys.

Under the plan, drivers without the credit history or collateral needed for a
normal loan may borrow the government money from Rizal Commercial Banking
Corporation. As the jeepney owners repay the loan, the original amount of the
loan goes back to the city while the bank pockets the interest.

Tanauan Mayor Sonia Torres Aquino put the plan in motion after her son-in-law
and adviser, Jovi Bengzon, visited Guevera's garage. He returned very impressed.

"It smelled like fried chicken," jokes Mr. Bengzon. "But it worked."

If the pilot program runs smoothly, Ms. Aquino says it could expand to help more
of Tanauan's 350 jeepney drivers save on fuel.

"It will be very economical for them," she says. "It is also environmentally
sound; but to start, they will have to spend some money - more than they are
used to."

Her biggest worry is that drivers will see this as a government handout and not
make payments.

"I've told the government, 'You are not out in front. We are,' " says Long
Pineda, who heads microfinance operations for Rizal Commercial Banking
Corporation. "If the drivers get the money from city hall, they might think, 'We
don't need to pay this back. It's taxpayer money anyway.' But when they go to a
bank, they know they have to pay it back."

The terms of the loan are still being negotiated, but the city and bank will
likely agree on an interest rate of 2 percent a month.

"Microfinance is a very lucrative business," Ms. Pineda says, "but it also
provides a service. Jeepney owners normally borrow from money lenders who [don't
require credit histories but] charge close to 20 percent interest a month. It's
a huge savings for [drivers]."

The Philippines has a history of innovative financial programs for low-income
borrowers. These customers traditionally get turned away because of the
perception that they're too risky.

But nonprofit organizations started setting up microfinance programs in the
Philippines more than 30 years ago. The country's Central Bank actively
regulates these loans. Such measures led the The Economist to rank the country
as the second-best climate in the world to conduct microfinance.

If the jeepney program in Tanauan succeeds, it could stand as a strong example
for communities looking for creative ways to solve their own energy needs.

Five years ago, the Philippines became the first country in Asia to pass a
biofuels law.

The law was supposed to encourage small towns to gain energy independence using
indigenous resources. Instead, many of the resulting projects involved
large-scale production of jatropha, a nonnative plant that can be turned into
biodiesel. Many of these projects were not successful.

"If you can crack community energy needs, if you can find a way to source
locally, then you'll have made a major difference," says Lasse Holopainen, who
worked for the Philippine department of energy when it researched the national
law and now teaches a class on business and climate change at Ateneo University
in Manila.

According to Pineda, community-based projects tend to work better than those
immediately launched on a national level.

"It really works better if you start on the ground level," she says.

The Tanauan jeepney project is the bank's first green microfinance program -
environmentally friendly efforts are often considered unprofitable by bankers in
the Philippines. But, she says, she's excited about the possibilities for more
programs such as this in the future.

The travel for this report was underwritten by a grant from the International
Center for Journalists.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chips Guevera sells a conversion kit that enables jeepney owners to
install engines that run on the cheaper oil. Tina Pamintuan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

New microloan program launched by Valley firm

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 370 words


The nonprofit San Fernando Valley Financial Development Corp. has launched a
microloan program, offering financing from $1,000 to $25,000 to start-up and
existing businesses in West Valley communities.

Co-sponsored by the Valley Economic Development Center and First Bank of Beverly
Hills, the loans can be used to fund tenant improvements; buy inventory,
machinery of other equipment; provide working capital; and to cover expansion or
relocation costs.

For information, call Marsel Watts at 818-596-4103 or email mwatts@vedc.org

Chief executive named at Holy Cross: Larry Bowe, an administrator with
Providence Health & Services operations in Oregon, has been named as chief
executive of Providence Holy Cross Medical Center.

Bowe will take over his post at the 254-bed Mission Hills hospital on April 20.

"Providence Holy Cross is very fortunate to have a man of Larry Bowe's caliber
take over the reins," said Kerry Carmody, the hospital's former chief executive,
who late last year was promoted to chief operating officer for Providence
operations in California.

Sound editing unit to anchor village: Paramount Pictures and Technicolor will
create a sound editing unit to anchor a post-production village on the studio's
Hollywood lot, the companies announced Tuesday.

The sound studio, which is to become the centerpiece of Paramount's
post-production village, will include two theatrical mixing stages, as well as a
full complement of ADR, television mixing and audio editorial rooms. It is
expected to open in early 2010.

Technicolor, a unit of Paris-based Thomson, will jointly manage the sound studio
with Paramount.

United Technologies cuts forecast: United Technologies Corp., saying the
downturn in its core markets is worse than expected, cut its 2009 profit
forecast 13 percent Tuesday and will reduce its global work force by 5 percent.

The maker of Otis elevators and Sikorsky helicopter said the markets for
commercial aerospace and global construction have worsened since December as
worldwide construction and aerospace orders slowed.

United Technologies said it expects to cut 11,600 jobs - 5 percent of its
223,100 workers worldwide - because of a deteriorating commercial aerospace
market.

- Staff and Wire Reports

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Up to 30 credit unions sought for microloan pilot scheme

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor ; Charlie Weston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 190 words


THE Government plans to roll out its new microloan scheme in up to 30 credit
unions from September as talks continue with the Central Bank over a nationwide
rollout.

Six credit unions have expressed an interest in being part of the scheme, which
will see loans of up to (EURO)1,000 being provided to thousands of families per
year.

The plan, revealed by the Irish Independent, has been warmly welcomed by
charities and other interest groups.

The Government is hopeful it can sign up 30 credit unions ahead of the pilot
scheme, which will focus on working-class, urban areas.

Interest rates of up to 12pc would be charged, compared with 188pc charged by
some moneylenders, and MABS and St Vincent de Paul will be involved.

Labour minister Kevin Humphreys (inset), who is leading the initiative, said it
had been needed for decades.

"It's vitally important, particular given the huge numbers of people that turn
to moneylenders," he said.

The Household Budgeting Scheme would ensure that those who take out a loan have
the necessary support to ensure they can meet repayments. It is understood the
scheme may be expanded once the loans are introduced.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday

Farmers get microloans for development of crop production in Kazakhstan

LENGTH: 82  words


JSC "Fund for Financial Support of Agriculture" issued farms 63 microloan to an
average of six thousand dollars each for the development of crop production
since the beginning of 2012, the press service said.

2,746 hectares of cereals, 91 ha of potatoes, 60 hectares of vegetables and
melons, 21 ha of industrial crops were planted after providing the loans.
Overall, farmers were able to plant 48,700 ha since 2007.

Loans are granted for three years at 9.5 percent per annum, according to the
fund.


LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                         Copyright  2012   CA-NEWS.org
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Washington: S.2850 - Microloan Program Modernization Act of 2016

LENGTH: 104  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Congress has issued the following bill status:



 S.2850 - Microloan Program Modernization Act of 2016114th Congress (2015-2016)
| Get alerts

 BillHide Overview icon-hide

 Sponsor:     Sen. Fischer, Deb [R-NE] (Introduced 04/26/2016)

 Committees:     Senate - Small Business and Entrepreneurship

 Committee Reports:     S. Rept. 114-301

 Latest Action:     07/13/2016 By Senator Vitter from Committee on Small
Business and Entrepreneurship filed written report. Report No. 114-301.  (All
Actions)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: S.2850 - Microloan Program Modernization Act of 2016

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Congress has issued the following bill status:



 S.2850 - Microloan Program Modernization Act of 2016114th Congress (2015-2016)
| Get alerts

 BillHide Overview icon-hide

 Sponsor:     Sen. Fischer, Deb [R-NE] (Introduced 04/26/2016)

 Committees:     Senate - Small Business and Entrepreneurship

 Latest Action:     05/24/2016 Placed on Senate Legislative Calendar under
General Orders. Calendar No. 485.  (All Actions)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Wall Street Journal Abstracts

                             May 28, 2011 Saturday

INDONESIA BANKS CHASE MICROLOANS

BYLINE: ERIC BELLMAN

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 20 words

ABSTRACT

Indonesian banks are opening new branches across Indonesia to expand into
microloans that boost profits; photo (M)

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

Microloan applications being accepted

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: BUSINESS; LOCAL SCENE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 106 words


springfield - The Springfield Black Chamber of Commerce has begun accepting
applications for a fourth year of "microloans" to help entrepreneurs start up or
expand small businesses.

Thirty businesses have received assistance through the program since it was
launched in 2008, according to Tim Rowles, president of the chamber.

Loans of $1,000 to $3,000 are available to start or expand businesses in
Springfield for the 2011 program.

Applications can be picked up at the office of the Greater Springfield Chamber
of Commerce, 1011 S. Second St. Additional information is available at
www.springfieldbcc.org or by contacting Rowles at 753-3551.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

MasterCard to Educate Members on Microloans in Global Anti-Poverty Effort

                           February 4, 1997, Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

By ANTOINETTE COULTON


MasterCard International, which through its members helps individuals get
credit, now wants to help low-income families do the same.

The Purchase, N.Y., card association and the Citicorp Foundation were two
sponsors of the 1997 Microcredit Summit that was convened in Washington Sunday.

The summit, organized by the Results Educational Fund, represented global
organizations that provide small-business loans to low-income families to help
them start businesses and lift themselves out of poverty.

MasterCard plans to educate its 2,300 member banks about the microcredit
program, said Sean Healey, a spokesman for the association.

Currently, hundreds of banks and nonprofit and community agencies generate funds
for eight million families worldwide.

The summit launched a "dramatic expansion of these programs," said Jennifer
Robey, media associate for the Washington-based fund. Its goal is to reach 100
million of the world's poorest families by 2005.

Ms. Robey said that microcredit organizations have existed for 30 years. The
United States has been involved for a decade, with 300 programs that reach
40,000 to 50,000 families.

Not to be confused with small-business development loans, microcredit loans vary
from $25 to $25,000 per family. Funds are loaned at commercial rates for periods
of three months to a year.

"Most microlending organizations have existing relationships with banks that
lend them money that is then passed on to families in need," said Brandee
McHale, vice president of the Citicorp Foundation in New York. "One of the goals
for the U.S. is to garner more financial support from banks."

"The support of organizations like MasterCard is critical to increase the
participation of banks in the United States," said Ms. Robey.

"MasterCard and Citicorp understand that supporting this program is a hand up,
not a handout, and are sending the message that there is growth within the
United States and international marketplaces," said John Bryant, chief executive
officer of Los Angeles-based Operation Hope, a nonprofit organization that
assists residents of inner cities to find funding for business ventures.

SECTION: CREDIT/DEBIT/ATMS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 359 words

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 07, 1997, Friday

CORRECTION:
 A article on Tuesday, "MasterCard to Educate Members on Microloans in Global
Anti-Poverty Effort," page 14, understated bank membership in MasterCard. The
correct number is 23,000.

GRAPHIC: includes chart: Mircocredit Lending

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   September 25, 1995, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Group plans 'microloans' for poor

SECTION: WOMAN NEWS; FROM AROUND THE WORLD AND AROUND THE CORNER: INTERNATIONAL;
Pg. F1/BREAK

LENGTH: 133 words

DATELINE: ZURICH


The new Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest plans to extend $ 150 million
to institutions that lend mainly to impoverished women in developing countries,
according to Mohini Malhotra, the group's manager of operations. The group will
be a conduit and provide consistent lending policies for the World Bank and nine
other donor agencies that make developmental loans, Malhotra said. "We think
we'll have more bang for the buck by consolidating procedures," she said. These
"microloans" of as little as $ 100 are intended to help women establish
businesses to lift them from poverty. Currently, the Consultative Group is
writing performance criteria for the prospective lending institutions and hopes
to make the first loans in early 1996 that will reach an estimated 750,000
women.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                           October 6, 2007, Saturday

Small loans with a big impact

BYLINE: Mark Bridge

SECTION: FEATURES; Money; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 600 words


THERE is a limit to the amount that each of us can spare for charity. Making
loans, instead of gifts, to small businesses in the developing world means that
lenders can use the same sum of money to help a number of individuals, families
and communities over the years. Savvy internet users are turning to Kiva.org, an
organisation promoted by the former US President Bill Clinton that allows people
to lend to thousands of such businesses worldwide.

The website lists scores of entrepreneurs looking for contributions to "
microloans" of up to $1,200 (£ 590). You can lend as little as $25 to each fund.
The loans are repaid, without interest, over an agreed term, after which you can
choose to take back your money or lend again. Once a loan becomes active, you
can opt to receive e-mail updates on the progress of the business from Kiva's
partner organisations in the field.

Examples of the people benefiting from Kiva's loans include Hamida Khidri, 39,
one of Afghanistan's many war widows, who is now paying back a $300 loan to
stock her beauty salon in Kabul. Still seeking help is Harrison Maina Munge, 23,
of Mombasa, Kenya, who has so far raised $125 of a $650 loan request. The full
amount will buy trousers for his clothes business, rent a market stall and pay
the municipal licence.

Loans are not guaranteed, but Kiva reports a default rate of only 0.3 per cent
on $1.4 million in loans. Despite the insignificant level of risk, Fiona Ramsey,
of Kiva, says that lenders should treat their loans like an investment. "Put in
no more than you can afford to lose," she says, "and diversify your portfolio
by, say, lending $25 each to four people rather than one loan of $100."

Levels of risk also hinge on the effectiveness of the field partner
organisations that mediate between each loan applicant and Kiva. Basic details
of these middlemen appear on the profile pages of each loan applicant. Included
is a risk rating of up to five stars. High ratings indicate that a field partner
has a proven record of securing repayment. Field partners are allowed to charge
a "reasonable" interest to business owners to cover transaction costs.

Field partners are responsible for the written updates that lenders can hope to
receive on the progress of a business. There is huge variation in the quality
and frequency of these. If this personal link is important to you, click on to
the field partner's main page to check its "journaling performance" statistics.
For a greater level of contact, visit your borrower in person. Ms Ramsey says to
contact the field partner direct to request permission. It has never been turned
down, but it is not automatic.

All the money you lend goes to the small business concerned. Kiva's overheads
are covered by general donations and by optional charges of a few pounds per
loan.

Payments can be made by card using PayPal. For more on the economics behind
microfinance go to www.kiva.org/about/microfinance.

* CASE STUDY

* FOSTERING SELF-RELIANCE

YVONNE THOROUGHGOOD has helped 260 small businesses with Kiva microloans of $25
and $50. The 41-year-old community midwife, of Bromley, Kent, believes that
lending is the ideal way to make a difference because it fosters self reliance.

One of the first people that Ms Thoroughgood helped was Roselyne Namalwa
Makendo, who grows and sells vegetables in her Kenyan village to help to support
nine children and seven grandchildren.

Ms Thoroughgood says that her childhood in poverty in Jamaica helps her to
relate to the people she lends to. "I often wonder how my life could have been
different if Kiva had been around then," she says.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Alberta immigrants eligible for national training microloans

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: WORKLIFE; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Ottawa has added Alberta to the list of provinces where it's funding microloans
for skilled immigrants to help them get Canadian credentials.

Human Resources and Skills Development Minister Diane Finley has announced a
$3.3 million boost for the Immigrant Access Fund Society of Alberta. The money
is meant to provide 300 additional small loans to internationally-trained
professionals so they can get licenced in their chosen fields faster.

Some of the money will also help the Alberta society expand its employment
counselling and credential assessment services in smaller and rural communities.

Similar announcements have already been made in B.C., Saskatchewan and Ontario.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              May 15, 2009 Friday
                                 First Edition

SECTION: COLORADO DAILY; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 220 words


Boulder CITY, BANKS CREATE MICROLOAN FUND

The city of Boulder has partnered with area financial institutions to create a
microloan fund designed to help Boulder-area small businesses obtain loans
during a time of tightened credit.

The fund, which has a current balance of $325,000, is expected to extend loans
of up to $50,000 for general working capital purposes for businesses and
nonprofit organizations with annual gross revenues of less than $2 million.

The city of Boulder, Wells Fargo Bank, First National Bank, US Bank and the
Colorado Enterprise Fund contributed to the fund.

The creation of the fund was spurred after one of the city's business incentive
programs did not help as many businesses as hoped, said Liz Hanson, the city's
business liaison.

Boulder County MAN GUILTY IN CHILD PORN CASE

A 49-year-old former Boulder County man was convicted Thursday of two counts of
sexual exploitation of a child.

Thomas Michael Shervanick was arrested April 17, 2007, after police confiscated
two computers and other evidence, including a number of pornographic images of
young girls, from his former home in the Seven Hills subdivision in Boulder
County.

Shervanick was convicted of two felonies. He faces a sentence ranging from
probation to seven-and-a-half years in prison. A sentencing hearing is set for
July 17.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Microfinance Focus

                            October 28, 2013 Monday

Microfinance in the Crosshairs: Will Kyrgyzstan's Usury Bill Backfire?

LENGTH: 883 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 28 -- In a country with little financial regulation and no sovereign
credit rating, increasing government directives may soon have negative
consequences for Kyrgyzstan's microfinance institutions (MFIs) and their
clients.

Kyrgyzstan President Almazbek Atambayev's signing of a usury bill in August
capping MFI interest rates is the most recent manifestation of this trend. The
interest rate cap applied under the bill will be set monthly by the National
Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic (NBKR) and based on the nominal average weighted
interest rate for loans by banks plus 15 percent.

Although MFIs in Kyrgyzstan are already regulated by the NBKR, they now also
fall under the jurisdiction of this new usury bill, along with credit unions,
pawnshops and private lenders. In Kyrgyzstan's immature microfinance market,
this new bill is meant to protect consumers from predatory lenders.

The problem? Making a large volume of very small loans is costly and MFIs risk
violating the law if they are unable to make loans at interest rates below the
"cap." In this way, the cap threatens the sustainability of Kyrgyzstan's MFIs.
As a result of the usury bill, many MFIs will curtail lending, especially in
more rural areas where operational costs are higher.

The Association of Microfinance Institutions (AMFI) predicts the Kyrgyz
government's attempts to regulate the country's financial markets through bills
like this one will have negative effects on Kyrgyzstan's economy. Some believe
that regulations like the usury bill will cause MFIs to discontinue lending in
remote areas, forcing rural clients to borrow from informal lenders with higher
interest rates and little or no client protection.

Microfinance in Kyrgyzstan

A little over a decade old, Kyrgyzstan's microfinance sector is young compared
to that of Bangladesh or India, but it has already provided thousands of Kyrgyz
citizens with the chance to invest in their entrepreneurial skills and become
financially independent.

Among the country's 303 microfinance institutions, including five large
microfinance companies, 225 microcredit companies and 73 microcredit agencies,
annual interest rates usually hover around 36 percent. While this may seem high,
six years ago, during Kyrgyzstan's microfinance infancy, interest rates were
much higher-averaging 44 percent. Growth and competition within Kyrgyzstan's MFI
market explains this decrease.

Higher microcredit interest rates are necessary for MFIs to mitigate the high
cost of providing thousands of small loans to high-risk clients with no prior
credit history. Microcredit borrowers are able and willing to accept high
interest rates if it means they are given the chance to invest in their
entrepreneurial skills.

In a country where 97 percent of microloans are repaid on time by borrowers,
Kyrgyzstan's microfinance sector has been relatively stable over the past
decade. This stability has allowed the sector to grow dramatically, a credit to
the hard work of Kyrgyzstan's borrowers amidst periodic civil unrest and a
general lack of financial options.

Why Capping Interest Rates Will Hurt Microfinance in Kyrgystan

"Microfinance institutions have their representations in all regions [of
Kyrgystan]..but once a ceiling is introduced, MFIs will withdraw from [rural]
regions where it is expensive to maintain branches," said Erkinbek Jumabaev,
Chairman of AMFI at a press meeting in June 2013 after a draft of the usury law
was passed by the Kyrgyz Parliament.

In countries like India and Bangladesh where fixed maximum interest rates were
introduced, MFIs slowed their growth rates, lost transparency in terms of the
total cost of loans, and some were even forced to close. MFIs also had to reduce
the scope of transactions in poor, remote areas where microloans represented the
only form of financing available.

Under the new usury bill there is also a high risk that active loan clients
(regardless of whether their loan agreement conditions fall under the new law or
not) will take advantage of the opportunity to refer claims to court authorities
and stop making scheduled repayments.

"Microfinance organizations are the only legal way to get money for the
development of business without property collateral in remote regions,"
Executive Director of the International Business Council (IBC) Aktilek
Tungatarov said in a March 2013 meeting on a draft of the usury bill. "Members
of IBC reviewed the bill and concluded that it has the right to exist, but it
should apply to only the activity of usurers and owners of pawn shops."

Kyrgyzstan's MFI sector is already beginning to witness the ill effects of
August's usury bill. In the beginning of October, a large group rallied to
encourage loan clients in the country's eastern Issyk-Kul region to cease all
loan repayments to MFIs. Unless the problematic aspects of the new usury bill
are addressed, trends of upheaval within the microfinance sector are expected to
continue.

By Emily Youatt (Emily Youatt is a Mercy Corps Field Intern based in Bishkek,
Kyrgyzstan. She received her M.A. in Anthropology from the University of
Chicago.)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Microfinance Focus. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                     Copyright 2013 Ekayana Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday
                          5 - All-round Review Edition

Hearing a different beat

BYLINE: Sharon Verghis

SECTION: REVIEW; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1475 words


Pianist Simon Tedeschi is moved by the plight of those less fortunate, writes
Sharon Verghis

IN a private home in Lindfield, on Sydney's north shore, Simon Tedeschi leans
forward, pale face animated and preternaturally light blue eyes widening
comically as he recalls one of the most unorthodox performances of his
professional career. It was in 2006, in poverty-ridden rural Cambodia -- a
setting as far removed from his normal concert hall milieu as possible -- and
the young Australian pianist was performing in a sweltering hall to an audience
of silent Khmer schoolchildren on a ramshackle keyboard, valiantly playing
Mozart while swatting away locusts and swarms of noisy mosquitoes.

Tedeschi, who was in the country for four weeks to give masterclasses and
performances in some of its poorest regions, grins at the memory. ``It was
full-on. There I was . . . I'd just played the frickin' Duport Variations by
Mozart on a keyboard attached to a generator because there wasn't any
electricity, and they [the audience] were just, like, what's going on?''

He pulls a wry face, grinning. ``And then for the next four hours the Khmer kids
got up on stage and did Cambodian dances, and it was the same dance, the same
movements, with the same music, for four hours, and they were getting into it,
they were loving it.'' He grins. ``I felt like an alien. I went swimming in this
beautiful pond while I was there, and I was getting all these glares from the
Buddhist monks, and someone told me later it was a sacred pond.'' He wasn't
skinny-dipping, was he? ``Oh no. But I had my passport in my pocket [of his swim
shorts] so that was karma. I nearly couldn't get out the country.''

He grins puckishly from the depths of his overstuffed floral armchair; a slim
wraith of a man with a prematurely receding hairline and an air of boyish
earnestness overlaid with the gravitas of someone much older.

A lot has been happening in his life in recent times. His move to Boston in
2007, where he has been studying with luminaries such as jazz pianist Ray
Santisi, pianist Peter Serkin and keyboardist Dave Bryant, has gone so well he's
planning to live in the US permanently. He's relishing his exploration of jazz,
the adrenalin-fuelled tightrope walk of melding his pure classical training with
its snaking, organic forms. There's a new ABC Classics CD coming out later this
year, ``which is entirely, for the first time, my vision''. Then there's his
commitment to a new charitable organisation, MicroLoan Foundation Australia, of
which he was appointed official patron last year.

Mention the foundation and his eyes light up. Tedeschi, 29, may have built his
public identity on his prodigious musical talent -- he made his debut at the
Sydney Opera House at nine, played for Pavarotti at 13, and has been an
award-winning international concert pianist since 18 -- but there are many other
decidedly non-musical passions. He ticks them off on his fingers: books,
politics, cricket, film (``I'm a ridiculous movie buff''). Then, unexpectedly,
there's the long, quiet track record in philanthropic pursuits.

Classical musicians are generally not to be found swatting away locusts while
playing in dirt-poor Asian backwaters, but Tedeschi, you learn, is not one to
confine himself to the rarefied environs of the concert hall. He admires movers,
thinkers and doers, figures such as Fred Frumberg, founder of Amrita Performing
Arts, an organisation devoted to rebuilding Phnom Penh's devastated cultural
fabric; American humanitarian Greg Mortenson, whom he met earlier this year in
Washington, DC; and, locally, activist musicians such as the Australian Chamber
Orchestra's Richard Tognetti.

He speaks thoughtfully about social justice and world politics, of the horrors
of the Rwandan genocide and the effect of the Holocaust on the Jewish spirit.
The whole world is fodder for conversation.

On July 22 he'll perform in a fundraising concert for the MicroLoan Foundation
at St James Church in Sydney's central business district, alongside Sydney jazz
and classical pianist Kevin Hunt and Ukrainian violinist Maria Gorkun. Based on
the microcredit principles popularised globally by Bangladeshi banker Muhammad
Yunus, whose work setting up the Grameen Bank to provide small loans to poor
women in Bangladesh earned him the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, the year-old
foundation has notched up its 2500th loan in Malawi, with more than 99 per cent
repaid.

To Tedeschi, there's something wonderfully satisfying about that, and in
microcredit's self-help ethos in general. ``As someone who is not an economist,
it struck me as being very pragmatic and [based on] common sense.''

In recent years, the pianist has been quietly donating time and energy to a host
of charitable ventures in aid of everything from mental health and cancer to
animal welfare. Last year he was awarded the Legacy Prize by American
philanthropic organisation the Creativity Foundation for his contributions to
music. He has performed for the Mater Hospital, the Karuna Foundation, the
Wayside Chapel, at the UN and at fundraisers for the Dalai Lama, and he is the
roving ambassador for the Australian Children's Music Foundation. He's also the
patron of the Bowraville Cultural Festival, on the mid-north coast of NSW.

Not many of his fellow musicians can boast the same record. Unfairly or not,
classical musicians as a breed are not noted for their activism or
extracurricular social justice efforts, something Tedeschi concedes and puts
down to the hermetic, abstract

Continued on Page 8

Continued from Page 5

culture of classical music, with its focus on the past and, sometimes, on the
future, ``with one foot rarely in the present''.

He attributes his contrasting mindset to his family's humanitarian values. His
father is NSW Crown prosecutor Mark Tedeschi; his mother left a practice on the
north shore to work as a doctor on an Aboriginal mission in Bowraville while his
27-year-old brother Ben is a caretaker for a residence for indigenous Canadians
on probation in far northwest Canada. Why there? He rolls his eyes, smiling.
``Who knows? That's just Ben.''

He'd like to see more classical musicians engage with the world and is heartened
by a more outwards-looking shift in recent times with the rise of more musicians
with a socially engaged focus. Examples range from Daniel Barenboim and the
West-Eastern Divan Orchestra; conductor Esa-Pekka Salonen's ecologically focused
Baltic Sea Festival; and cellist Yo-Yo Ma's Silk Road Connect program in New
York City public schools, to Lang Lang and Maxim Vengerov's roles as UNICEF
goodwill ambassadors. Last year, Barenboim, soprano Barbara Hendricks and
conductor Christian Benda joined Kofi Annan's Time for Climate Justice campaign.

In March this year, pianist Lang, conductor Christoph Eschenbach and the
Schleswig-Holstein Festival Orchestra performed in a fundraising concert at
Carnegie Hall for the victims of the Haiti earthquake, while the League of
American Orchestras is spearheading a nationwide food drive, in its second year
and inspired by the film The Soloist, based on the tale of a homeless musician
in Los Angeles.

All well and good, Tedeschi says, but points out soberly that activist artists
are not always met with public support. Classical music and its musicians, many
believe, are meant to be above the fray, divorced from quotidian realities. He
nods grimly when told of the heated public debate in Israel in 2007 when more
than 40 of the country's classical musicians, educators and scholars released an
unprecedented written statement protesting against the occupation of Palestine,
and calling for peace and a two-state solution.

The hostile reaction to the view expressed by one of the signatories, Dutchi
Lichtenstein -- that ``the separation between involvement in music and ideology
is unacceptable to me; music is not divorced from the social context in which it
operates'' -- doesn't surprise him in the least, Tedeschi says quietly.

This narrow mindset needs to be challenged, he feels. Musicians do have a role
to play outside their art. He cites the example of Tognetti, a vocal campaigner
for the arts in Australia, and says slowly: ``Musicians and artists always need
to be looking forward like Richard, even if it's scary, even if they don't like
what they see. I think it's wonderful that there are people who are willing to
get the shit kicked out of them in order to change things.'' He pauses, staring
at his hands.

``Richard once said to me he feels like he's weaving some kind of special
thing'' -- he traces an invisible web in the air, then crumples his fist --
``and someone's just chucking a plastic chair at it. Richard's anger is
constructive. It has meaning and it's there for a reason. I admire him hugely.''

Simon Tedeschi performs with Kevin Hunt and Maria Gorkun at St James Church,
Sydney, on July 22.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 8, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Microloan laureate under investigation

BYLINE: The Daily Telegraph

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 64  words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


Nobel prize winner Mohammad Yunus, the Bangladeshi banker acclaimed for lifting
women out of poverty through "microloans," is facing a government investigation
over claims that his bank diverted aid funds. A TV documentary last year
reported that the Grameen Bank had re-routed aid money from the Norwegian
government to avoid paying tax. Yunus was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Show Me The Money! /Accion Microloans

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 Show Me The Money! /Accion Microloans

 Lender Financing/Financing a Business

 Date:



 March 17, 2016 | 6:00 pm EST - 7:00 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 Women's Business Centre at The Helen Gordon Davis Women's Centre

 Mercedes Sosa msosa@thecentre.org

 Fee:

 20.00

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website

     Email

     8132518437



 Online Event Icon



 Are you in need of a small amount of funding for your business? Do you think
that your credit score may be a hindrance? Find out more about the microlending
process from Accion. Accion is a nonprofit organization that offers small
business loans from $1,000 to $250,000 and financial education to small business
owners in the United States. This 1- hour webinar reviews the basics of credit,
micro-finance, and how to obtain a small business loan. Presenter: Rodrigo
Cerveira, Director of Lending at ACCION for Central and North Florida. Cost: $20
(Advanced Registration Required.)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Show Me The Money! /Accion Microloans

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 Show Me The Money! /Accion Microloans

 Lender Financing/Financing a Business

 Date:



 March 17, 2016 | 6:00 pm EST - 7:00 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 Women's Business Centre at The Helen Gordon Davis Women's Centre

 Mercedes Sosa msosa@thecentre.org

 Fee:

 20.00

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website

     Email

     8132518437



 Online Event Icon



 Are you in need of a small amount of funding for your business? Do you think
that your credit score may be a hindrance? Find out more about the microlending
process from Accion. Accion is a nonprofit organization that offers small
business loans from $1,000 to $250,000 and financial education to small business
owners in the United States. This 1- hour webinar reviews the basics of credit,
micro-finance, and how to obtain a small business loan. Presenter: Rodrigo
Cerveira, Director of Lending at ACCION for Central and North Florida. Cost: $20
(Advanced Registration Required.)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Show Me The Money!/Accion Microloans

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 Show Me The Money!/Accion Microloans

 Date:



 December 3, 2015 | 6:00 pm EST - 7:00 pm EST

 Location Name:

 The Greenhouse - Enoch

 Address:

 440 Second Avenue N, St. Petersburg, FL,33701

 Mercedes Sosa msosa@thecentre.org

 Organization:

 Women's Business Centre at The Helen Gordon Davis Women's Centre

 Fee:

 This is a free event.

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website

     Email

     8132518437



 Thumbnail map to this event



     Directions



 Are you in need of a small amount of funding for your business? Do you think
that your credit score may be a hindrance? Find out more about the microlending
process from Accion. Accion is a nonprofit organization that offers small
business loans from $500 to $50,000 and financial education to small business
owners in the United States. This 1- hour workshop reviews the basics of credit,
micro-finance, and how to obtain a small business loan. Presenter: Rodrigo
Cerveira, Manager of Lending at ACCION for Central and North Florida. Cost: FREE
(Advanced Registration Required.)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

Students' microloans have big impact across world

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 229 words


By Patrick O'Neil

Staff Writer

CHINO HILLS - If you're looking for a new group of international financiers,
look no further than Wickman Elementary School.

The students in John Setterlund's fifth- and sixth-grade class incorporated the
spirit of giving into their holiday party by contributing to microloans for
start-up businesses in Third World countries.

"It's never too early to start teaching kids to give," said Lisa Booth, a parent
volunteer.

Through Kiva.org, the students donated $25 to seven entrepreneurs. A change in
the organization led the students to donate to seven people, instead of giving
$175 to one project.

"I think it's good because it's helping people around the world come out of
poverty," said Jeremy Hobson, 11.

Setterlund said his class doesn't even bring in this much for a pizza party. He
hopes to use this as a learning tool as well.

It's an opportunity to learn about other countries, and he hopes the class will
get to correspond with the individuals they assist, he said.

Robert Clements, the principal at Wickman, said they will be the first group of
students at the school to leave a lasting impact on the world.

Microfinance institutions from around the world compile profiles of
entrepreneurs to post on Kiva's Web site. The loans are given without interest,
and as of the beginning of January, the organization boasts a 94 percent
repayment rate.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Microfinance Focus

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Social Entrepreneurship Among Borrowers

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: India


India, April 4 -- Within the microfinance industry, the term "Social
Entrepreneurship" is talked about quite frequently. It is often discussed within
the context of large corporations that have developed branches dedicated to
social or environmental issues. However, if we view microfinance and
entrepreneurship within the larger context of rebuilding the European economy,
encouraging small businesses owners to address social issues could be extremely
beneficial to borrowers, microfinance institutions and society.

Small businesses can play an important role in building the foundations of
society that provide individuals and families the opportunities necessary for
financial security. While we often associate economics with quantitative figures
and precise measurements, the characteristics of a strong economy are quite
diverse. For example, countries that have affordable quality education for all
citizens tend to have better economies.

It is no secret that there is much work to be done to fully recover from the
recent economic downturn. Why not persuade some of the millions of unemployed to
address their community's challenges? Local creativity and wisdom can easily be
lost within a corporate social project. While large corporations may have
experience and access to information, local people know which issues take
priority and how best to solve them.

Large corporations have large profits and therefore more money to invest in
social projects. Small business owners are hesitant to invest in their
communities, due to the cost. What if business owners were trained to develop
businesses that would do good and earn a profit? What if there were incentives
in place that encouraged social entrepreneurship? The European Commission does
have programs that grant financial support to small businesses in the areas of
environment, research and education, but these programs are limited and too few
people are aware of this option.

Microfinance institutions have the opportunity to play a leading role in
increasing social entrepreneurship on the local level. For example, MFIs could
host educational events open to the public where experts introduce the idea of
social entrepreneurship to potential borrowers. At these meetings, individuals
could discuss social problems in their communities and, with the help of
experts, develop products and services that would address these issues while
creating profit.

Imagine a young mother, recently fired from her job, who opens a daycare center
in her community. Not only is she employed again, but she is also providing a
useful service that will allow more women to work and give children a healthy
and educational environment to play in during the day. Or imagine a recent
environmental studies graduate who is unable to find work. He notices that it is
inconvenient for many of his neighbors to buy healthy, organic produce. So, he
develops a business plan for a farm-to-table delivery service. His business
would increase the health and productivity of his community.

In both these examples, microfinance institutions could provide the loans. As
MFIs finance more social entrepreneurs they will bring in more clients. Many
individuals, who would otherwise not consider applying for a microloan, will be
attracted to the idea of a small business that serves the greater good. This is
especially true of young persons right out of college or graduate school.
Besides generating more loans, promoting social entrepreneurship among borrowers
contributes to the microfinance industry's goals of economic equality and social
improvement.

The number of small businesses and microfinance institutions in Europe is
increasing rapidly due to support from EU officials. What if governing bodies
and local institutions utilized this momentum to help small businesses address
social inequalities that limit national development? When we facilitate
compassionate capitalism in small business owners, we not only improve society
but also create stronger economies. Starting a business is a difficult task, but
if efforts produce income as well as a rewarding career, more people will be
willing to take out a microloan to invest in their community. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Microfinance Focus. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                     Copyright 2013 Ekayana Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 14, 2009

This Just in

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0001

LENGTH: 884 words


Detroit Restaurant Week serves up $27 dinners

Detroit Restaurant Week, a program to boost fine dining business in the city
with specially discounted gourmet meals, kicks off Friday.

Seventeen Detroit restaurants will offer a promotional dinner menu from Friday
through Sept. 27, with a minimum of three courses, for $27 -- excluding
beverages, tax and tip.

Discounted wine and beverage pairings also will be available at some
restaurants.

The event is a collaboration among five city districts: Midtown, New Center,
Corktown, Eastern Market and downtown.

Participating are: 24Grille, Andiamo Detroit Riverfront, Atlas Global Bistro,
Coach Insignia, Cuisine, Da Edoardo Foxtown Grille, Detroit Fish Market,
Forty-Two Degrees North, Iridescence, Mosaic Restaurant, Opus One, Rattlesnake
Club, Roast, Saltwater, Seldom Blues, The Whitney and the Wolfgang Puck Grille.

A Tuesday news conference is planned at Roast.

-- Dustin Walsh

Livonia software company has room for planned growth

Livonia-based WorkForce Software Inc. is expanding its business and relocating
to larger quarters.

Early last year, the company announced it had received $5.5 million in venture
capital and described its growth plans for a Crain's profile.

On Friday, the company was moving to larger quarters, as it doubled its space to
60,000 square feet and relocated to the Seven Mile Crossing development at Seven
Mile and I-275. Its former location was on Schoolcraft Road.

At the time of the venture-capital investment, WorkForce had 75 employees. It
plans to be at 170 by year's end.

-- Tom Henderson

Lack of quorum delays meeting to dissolve bank

Michigan Heritage Bancorp Inc. (OTCBB: MHBC) has postponed until Oct. 6 a
shareholder meeting scheduled for today at 2 p.m. The purpose of the meeting is
to seek approval to dissolve the company.

The reason for the delay is that the number of votes cast as of Friday did not
constitute a quorum.

The bank, founded in 1997, was shut down by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
and the state's Office of Financial and Insurance Regulation after the close of
business April 24.

Its assets were assumed by Farmington Hills-based Level One Bank, a community
bank that opened in October 2007. Michigan Heritage's three former branches
operate under the Level One name.

-- Tom Henderson

Royal Oak site latest to join Sonic boom

A drive-through Sonic fast food restaurant is planned in Royal Oak near 11 Mile
and Washington, on the site of a vacant Wendy's restaurant.

The development is proposed by a group of three investors under the name PRG-SD
Inc., who also are developing a Sonic in Troy.

Royal Oak Planning Director Timothy Thwing said the proposed restaurant has been
approved by the city's Planning Commission and needs to be approved this week by
the City Commission.

It will be the fifth Sonic franchise in metro Detroit.

-- Daniel Duggan

Spark microloans support five startups


Ann Arbor Spark has awarded microloans to five state startups, totaling
$217,500. Loans from that program range from $10,000 to $50,000. Spark does not
disclose individual loan amounts.

Four of the loans came from the Michigan Pre-Seed Capital Fund, which Spark
administers on behalf of the Michigan Economic Development Corp.

Recipients were Ann Arbor-based Free Stride Therapeutics, a veterinary
pharmaceuticals company; Kalamazoo-based RealBio, which provides a tool for
growing cell tissue; Midland-based Advanced Battery Concepts L.L.C., whose
technology improves performance in lead-acid batteries; and Flint-based
Behotztech Inc., a coatings company.

The fifth loan, to Ann Arbor-based software company Procuit Inc., was from funds
provided by the city of Ann Arbor.

-- Tom Henderson

Appeals court reinstates race case against bank

Livonia-based TCF Bank Michigan obtained dismissal too soon in a lawsuit
claiming the bank passed over an employee for appointment as the Dearborn-area
regional business banker, according to a ruling released Friday by the Michigan
Court of Appeals.

The ruling reverses a Wayne County judge's ruling and reinstating the lawsuit of
business banker Michael Gorbe.

Gorbe filed suit in January 2008, claiming the bank had "groomed" him for a
regional business banker position in western Wayne County but passed him over in
favor of a Middle Eastern candidate.

TCF sought and obtained dismissal in its favor four months later.

The appeals court found that dismissal came too soon in the court proceedings.

-- Chad Halcom

Economy wears down employers' perceptions

Michigan employers have grown less optimistic about the economy, according to a
new survey of Michigan Chamber of Commerce members.

The initial survey results, a prelude to the chamber's annual Future Forum
public policy conference on Tuesday, found 70 percent of employers saying the
economy is in a decline, up from 63 percent last year.

Employers rank Michigan's shrinking manufacturing sector as the top state
economy problem, followed closely by the Michigan Business Tax and its nearly 22
percent surcharge, according to the survey by East Lansing-based Communications
& Research Inc.

When asked to rank the effect of the MBT, 63 percent of respondents said they
were worse off, while 18 percent were not sure how it affected their company and
14 percent said they were unaffected.

-- Amy Lane

Copyright 2009 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                                 March 10, 2006

House Demorats object to SBA program cuts

BYLINE: Adina Genn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 718  words


House Democrats released a 52-page report released last week claiming that the
President Bush's fiscal 2007 budget cuts needed programs and will impede small
business growth. </p>

The House Small Business Committee's Democrats claim that 75 out of 100 federal
programs that affect entrepreneurs and startups are targeted for cuts or
elimination. Affected programs include those that provide financing to
businesses that don't qualify for traditional bank loans. Also vulnerable are
programs that support innovation and energy reform, the report stated, adding
that the total reduction in funding for federal small business programs is
nearly $6 billion. "These cuts are hitting entrepreneurs across the nation -
from rural to urban areas, from technology based firms to small family farms -
no small business sector has been spared in this budget request," said Rep.
Nydia M. Velàzquez, D-Brooklyn, the committee's ranking Democrat. </p>

Democrats disagree with the current structure of the SBA's 7(a) program, the
most basic and widely used SBA loan program. The Democrats say the president's
2007 budget proposes no funding for the program, but adds a new set of fees to
loans greater than $1 million, making the program less accessible to small
business owners, the study claims. The 7(a) program is funded entirely by fees
associated with the loans. </p>

The SBA says the 7(a) program has been funded this way for the last two fiscal
years.</p>

The budget also proposes eliminating the Microloan Program, which provides loans
of up to $35,000 and technical assistance to new small businesses. The
administration sought to eliminate the program last year, but proponents managed
to keep it alive.</p>

One program slated for termination is the Commerce Department's Advanced
Technology Program, which provides grants to businesses to help develop new
technologies for commercial use. The program brought $7.4 million to New York's
small businesses in 2005, said a spokeswoman for Velázquez.</p>

The budget also reduces funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership
program by $59 million. This program provides small- and medium-sized
manufacturers with services tailored to their needs. The program brought $5.9
million into New York businesses in 2005, Velázquez's spokeswoman said. </p>

Also slated for a cut in funding is the Energy Star program, which helps small
business reduce their energy costs by switching to energy efficient products.
</p>

Reaction from small business advocates was mixed.</p>

"We haven't heard any complaints from our members" about proposed program cuts
and eliminations, said Mike Donohue, a spokesperson for Washington-based
National Federation of Independent Business, which has 600,000 members. As for
the slated increase in 7(a) fees, "Not many members make use of these loans.
They don't want to take on new debt."</p>

Yet Kristie Darien, executive director of the legislative office of the
250,000-member National Association of the Self-Employed in Washington, said the
"SBA provides critical services for micro-business owners." </p>

The SBA states that the proposed 2007 budget provides for a record $17.5 billion
in lending authority for the 7(a) program, up from $16.5 billion in 2006. Since
fees were introduced in 2005 to support the program, taxpayers have realized
annual savings of $100 million, the agency claims.</p>

The House is not expected to vote on the budget until late March or early April,
a spokeswoman for Velázquez said.</p>

Proposed SBA cuts</p>

Democrats on the House Small Business Committee oppose plans to eliminate or cut
the following SBA programs:</p>

Microloan Program. The budget plan calls for the elimination of this program,
which provides loans of up to $35,000 and technical assistance to new small
businesses.</p>

Commerce Department's Advanced Technology Program. This program, also slated for
elimination, provides grants to businesses to help develop new technologies for
commercial use. </p>

Manufacturing Extension Partnership. Funds for this program, which provides
customized services to small- and medium-sized manufacturers, would be cut by
$59 million. </p>

Energy Star program. The Energy Star program helps small businesses reduce their
energy costs by switching to energy efficient products. Its funds would also be
pared down.</p>

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Washington: S.1445 - A bill to improve the Microloan Program of the Small
Business Administration.

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Congress has issued the following bill status:

S.1445 - A bill to improve the Microloan Program of the Small Business
Administration.114th Congress (2015-2016) | Get alerts
Bill
Sponsor:  Sen. Fischer, Deb [R-NE] (Introduced 05/21/2015)
Committees:  Senate - Small Business and Entrepreneurship
Latest Action:  05/21/2015 Read twice and referred to the Committee on Small
Business and Entrepreneurship.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              June 5, 2011 Sunday

CTI business group has microloan fund

BYLINE: By Lyle Moran, lmoran@lowellsun.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 253 words


LOWELL -- Utilizing contributions from community banks and federal-grant
funding, the Lowell Small Business Assistance Center will start lending money to
low- and moderate-income entrepreneurs in the Merrimack Valley to help them
become business owners.

Too often entrepreneurs lack the access to the conventional credit they need to
get their small businesses off the ground, so the center's Microloan Fund
Program is an effort to bridge that gap, said Center Director Stacie Hargis.

The center received $66,000 from eight community banks and $50,000 from the
federal Department of Health and Human Services, so the program will start with
$116,000 to disburse to entrepreneurs.

"The mission of the fund is to help create, strengthen and expand businesses
owned by low- and moderate-income individuals in the region, infusing capital
into small businesses and contributing to economic development," says Hargis.

Entrepreneurs will also be able to take part in the center's training and
technical assistance programs.

The banks that contributed to the micro-loan program were Boston Private Bank
and Trust, Lowell Five, Enterprise Bank, Pentucket Bank, Eastern Bank, Jeanne
D'Arc, LowellBank and Washington Savings Bank. The Lowell Development and
Financial Corporation also contributed to the micro-loan fund.

The Lowell Small Business Assistance Center is run by Community Teamwork Inc.
and the center works closely with Middlesex Community College, the City of
Lowell's Department of Planning and Development and UMass Lowell.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 5, 2005 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Credit positive way to rebuild;
Microloans, ASIA'S WAVE OF DISASTER

BYLINE: Fiona Carruthers

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 654 words


For business leaders with an interest in charity, Simon McKeon could be a
trendsetter as he outlines the role that microloans to small business could play
in rebuilding after the tsunami.

Although he is chairman of Macquarie Bank's Melbourne operations and a World
Vision board member, Macquarie has not donated any money to microlending so far,
even though World Vision set up a specific microlending fund last year.

McKeon says he is reconsidering. "Macquarie Bank has given generously to the
tsunami appeal but I'm not sure we've given specifically to microenterprise
development. It's a good point considering we're a bank. In my position, I
should be approaching our foundation and I will be."

Microcredit involves offering small loans with low interest to the poor, who
would otherwise have no access to banks and might earn less than $4 a day. The
businesses they create are dubbed microenterprises; they employ less than five
people, are often run from home and typically take the form of small shops or
kiosks, sewing workshops, farms and market stalls.

Long ago, 2005 was declared the United Nation's Year of Microcredit. It is now
far more poignant, with estimates that some 5 million people in tsunami-hit
areas have lost not only family members and friends but also their homes and
livelihoods.

Yet before the tsunami hit, many Australian businesses were not exactly
forthcoming for the world's 55 million microentrepreneurs.

In November last year, World Vision announced a new charity product
Micro-Enterprise Development aimed specifically at the corporate market. Of the
$200,000 raised so far for MED, only $10,000 has come from the corporate sector,
and that was given by just one corporate donor the rest of the money was donated
by individuals.

With 30 years' experience in microfinance, non-profit microfinance aid
organisation Opportunity International Australia has been receiving donations
for its work over the past few years from a handful of corporations including
ANZ, BHP and Leighton Holdings and many donors are interested in expanding their
role. But the organisation's chief executive, Paul Peters, agrees microcredit
has taken a low profile in Australia and has been misunderstood.

"For so long we've thought using a capitalist mindset to solve a social problem
was taboo," Peters says. "The western philosophy of aid was based on wealth
distribution take from the rich and give to the poor rather than an asset
distribution model.

"At this time, with the tsunami affecting every aspect of so many people's
lives, corporates need to give not only for social responsibility but also
strategically so the money has a long-term affect and people can regain their
economic independence and move on."

In September last year, McKeon, MYOB founder Craig Winkler and Grey Worldwide
managing director Jane Emery visited World Vision's Cambodian microentrepreneurs
with World Vision CEO Tim Costello. Shortly after, Costello issued a media
release urging Australian businesses to support the program, pointing out that
the average MED loan of $70 to 140 was a "shamefully small amount of money" that
could "lift an entire family out of poverty".

He called on Australian business to contribute $500,000 to create 4500 loans in
2005.

As the amount raised to date is less than that and only 5 per cent of it so far
has been donated by the corporate sector the manager, corporate and major
donors, Brett Kuhnell, urged business not to forget this charity option.

"We're not complaining at all about corporates, who have been very generous in
donating to tsunami victims through World Vision . . . but the need for MED
funds will now be greater than ever and the need for us to attract as much
corporate sponsorship as possible is there."

The UN reports that studies conducted in India, Kenya and the Philippines found
the average annual return to borrowers on investments by microbusinesses ranged
from 117 to 847 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             August 22, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cheers - bar gets a boost

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 132 words


A RESTAURANT and cocktail bar has upgraded its facilities after securing a a
£25,000 microloan via the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund..

The Duck House, in Corbridge, got the money from the fund managed by Rivers
Capital that is designed to support start-ups and small businesses looking for
simple loans to expand their operations.

Managing partner Jack Lapping, who launched the venue last year, used the loan
to refurbish the premises with new lighting and window dressings. He said:
"Since I started the business in 2015 we have grown from strength to strength,
we now offer over 55 gins on our cocktail bar and operate on a fully booked
restaurant every week. It has been a challenge but it's been worth it!" More
information on the fund can be found at www.northeastfinance.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                             July 21, 1998, Tuesday

FINANCING SMALL BUSINESS

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 4

LENGTH: 48 words


Promoters of microloans, a fashionable anti-poverty tool now aiding millions of
the tiniest businesses world-wide, are increasingly seeking money from
individuals; although microloans are sometimes as small as $50, they can be
crucial to the smallest enterprises in poor communities (M)

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           February 2, 2011 Wednesday

Plant center didn't bloom;
PharmaSphere deal canceled

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


The city has broken off a land-and-loan deal with PharmaSphere LLC, a company
that wanted to build a futuristic plant-growing center on a vacant stretch of
South Worcester property.

PharmaSphere failed to meet a Monday deadline to raise the necessary financing
for its proposed 50,000-square-foot facility at 49 Canterbury St., according to
Timothy J. McGourthy, the city's acting chief development officer.

"They're going to have to look for a new parcel and a new source of funding if
they want to move forward," Mr. McGourthy said.

PharmaSphere Chief Executive David A. Darlington said the company could not meet
the city's deadline but is still seeking money for the $16.5 million project.
With about $1.3 million invested in developing the Worcester site, PharmaSphere
still wants to build there, Mr. Darlington said.

"The project is not dead from our perspective," Mr. Darlington said. "We
continue to work through the financing issues. It's our intention, if the city
has not leased or sold the property, that we would come back to the city."

The failed deal is a blow to the city's effort to redevelop the South Worcester
Industrial Park, 11 acres of former industrial property south of downtown. The
city owns 8 acres in the park. PharmaSphere would have been the first resident.

Yet the city's deal with PharmaSphere has drawn criticism. The city agreed after
a bidding process in 2008 to sell about 2 acres in the park to PharmaSphere for
$1, based largely on the company's promise to create at least 50 jobs.
PharmaSphere's proposed business, growing plants in plastic spheres indoors to
generate natural pharmaceutical ingredients, also seemed to fit with Worcester's
role as home to a number of life sciences businesses.

The city agreed to give PharmaSphere a $100,000 microloan and approved the
company for a $2.5 million loan from a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development program. PharmaSphere also lined up $4.9 million from the sale of
tax credits, $2.5 million in bond sales and an investment from a private equity
firm.

The state's Massachusetts Life Sciences Center awarded $360,000 in tax
incentives to PharmaSphere in 2009. But the center rescinded the award last
year.

"Through the center's due diligence process, it was determined that PharmaSphere
was not eligible for the tax incentive award, as they had not yet achieved the
level of employment that was indicated in their application," Chief Operating
Officer Melissa Walsh said in a statement.

Neighborhood officials have been ready to move on, too. District 4 City
Councilor Barbara G. Haller, whose district includes the industrial park, said
the park's advisory task force agreed to recommend that the city manager take
back the land if PharmaSphere could not act.

"It's very disappointing that that (the deal) didn't happen, but we'll move on,"
she said. "We'll go out for bid again and, hopefully, we'll get something
interesting for that area."

Mr. McGourthy said the city spent no money on its deal with PharmaSphere. By
revoking the microloan and HUD loan, the city now frees up that money for
lending to other projects, he said. Terminating the land sale also means the
city can also put the parcel back out for bid.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Mr. Darlington

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday

A GLOBAL SURGE IN TINY LOANS SPURS CREDIT BUBBLE IN A SLUM

BYLINE: Ketaki Gokhale

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 71 words


Booming social experiment of microloans to aid world's poor has attracted
billions of dollars from private equity over past few years; result is 72% surge
in microloans outstanding to $1.24 billion in India in year ended March 31,
2008; investment fund Finethic fears bubble from too much money chasing too few
borrowers; loans' effective interest rates of 24% to 39% annually are fueling
cycle of indebtedness; graph; photos (L)

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Combination

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Abstract

JOURNAL-CODE: WSJ

                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved
                           Information Bank Abstracts


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

MORE ON MICROLOANS;
Guatemalan women gain foothold

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: @ISSUE; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 191 words


Among its microfinance operations worldwide, CARE is particularly active in
Guatemala, where its Edubancomun project reaches 2,500 women in 78 groups.

Marta Chavez is president of the women's group in the village of Santa Lucia
Utatlan --- an association of 15 women who have taken out microloans to start
their own businesses. (These include raising chickens, sewing and selling
flowers at the local market,) Part of their loan agreement is that a portion of
their earnings will go toward supporting their daughters' educations.

According to CARE, Chavez has become a landowner after seven years in the
program, and her daughter is able to stay in school full time.

Explaining why his Grameen Bank makes nearly 95 percent of its loans to women,
Muhammad Yunus told PBS "NewsHour" in 2001:

"Women are very cautious with the use of the money, but the men were impatient;
they wanted to enjoy right away. They will entertain friends, they will go to
the movies, they will do whatever they could to enjoy for themselves personally.
But women didn't look at it personally. Women looked at it for the children, for
the family and the so on, and for future."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ALLEN CLINTON / CAREMarta Chavez heads a group of Guatemalan
women who started their own businesses,</ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

After the microloan, what? Educate next generation

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-08

LENGTH: 164 words


A growing concern among microlenders such as Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad
Yunus is whether the children of borrowers will improve their station in life or
fall back. So says John Hatch, founder of the Foundation for International
Community Assistance.

"We might lose the war if the children fail," Hatch told a Denver audience
Thursday.

Even when poor families launch a successful business using microloans,
transportation costs can keep their children from continuing their education
beyond primary school, Hatch said.

And even children from families that obtain a good education often find job
opportunities limited.

To encourage the children of people who borrow from his micro-lending bank,
Yunus tells them the capital is there if they can come up with the idea.

Rather than looking to government or others for a job, he tells them to look at
the example provided by their illiterate mothers.

``I shall never seek a job. I will create a job,'' he said. Aldo Svaldi, The
Denver Post

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

B of A Donates $3.7M for Microloans

BYLINE: Paul Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16 Vol. 175 No. 155

LENGTH: 89  words


Bank of America Corp. said Wednesday that it has issued 40 grants totaling more
than $3.7 million to fund microloan programs.

The Charlotte company awarded the grants over the past six weeks to community
development financial institutions and other nonprofit groups, delivering on a
pledge made in July. B of A said recipients have used the grants to access about
$27.5 million of lending capital from the Small Business Administration and
Department of Agriculture. Bank of America will make more grants available
through December 2011.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Banking on tradition;
Immigrant communities use old custom of pooling resources to help new arrivals
inch toward financial security

BYLINE: By Emma Sapong - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1793 words


New refugees encounter numerous complications when they get here, and some of
the most vexing can be financial. A refugee's first few years can be riddled
with money issues.

"Basically, they are facing the same financial challenges low-income Americans
face but with the added challenges of learning the language and the culture,"
said Molly Short, executive director of Journey's End Refugee Services.

Low-wages and entry-level jobs are a reality. Opening a bank account can be
difficult. And without any credit history, qualifying for any loan can be
impossible.

Ma Myint, a Burmese native, and other area refugees have turned to traditional
financial customs -- ancient collective systems based on shared trust -- to get
a few thousand dollars in times of emergencies.

Myint is disabled and on a fixed income. Her financial situation is so fragile,
it's susceptible to any kind of emergency. But it recently withstood her
husband's death. Myint paid for the funeral with cash, without cutting corners
and without a life insurance payout.

"I don't have money, so I don't have money for funeral," said Myint, a
59-year-old Buffalo resident.

So how did a cash-strapped refugee tackle a costly expense that can blindside
financially stable Americans?

She benefited from joining a Burmese funeral club, where a $20 annual membership
can give a member up to $4,000 if they experience a death. She got $3,645 in
August when her husband died of cancer.

"I don't know what I would do without the funeral club," said Myint, who moved
here three years ago with her husband after a decade in a Thai refugee camp. "I
couldn't pay for my husband's funeral and burial on my own."

Funeral clubs, microloans funded by small communities and susus -- a type of
loan circle -- are some of the financial tools local refugees use to supplement
their incomes.

It's the way Steve Setro, a Liberian native barely making it
paycheck-to-paycheck, bought his first vehicle -- a $5,000 SUV -- in 2004
without financing. And it's the same way Iraqi native Rasha Al Shaban, who is
unemployed, recently furnished her living room with a $1,500 sofa set. It's also
how entrepreneur Zaw Win purchased two large washing machines this summer for
$1,400 for his business.

Setro, Al Shaban and Win were members of different susus, in which members agree
to pay a certain amount into a kitty every month. The money is then given to a
different member each month until all participants receive a payment. For
example, a 10-person susu with a $100 monthly payment from each would create a
$1,000 monthly payment.

Susu is an interest-free, forced savings system or an interest-free loan,
depending on the time an individual gets paid during the cycle.

"Before I had only three super-loader washers, now I have five," said Win, who
bought the West Side Value Laundromat last year. "More machines is good for my
customers. This really helps my business. It's an interest-free loan from my
family and friends."

>Getting started

These refugees relied on each other, not banks or credit cards, for economic
empowerment. And through their informal, under-the-radar, money pooling efforts,
they are gradually meeting their needs and inching toward financial security.

"They are very poor when they get here; they don't have money for a car,
security deposit for an apartment or furniture," said Palestinian Amira Khalil,
who emigrated to the United States 25 years ago and has been organizing susus
with refugees the past three years. "It can really help them get on their feet
quicker and start life in this country."

Susus are a fast way to raise capital, and are so common in African, Asian and
Caribbean communities that they are often referred to as "immigrant savings
clubs." West Africans call them susus. To Jamaicans, it's "partner." Burmese
call the groups "maemii." Iraqis call them "jamaeya."

Participants usually hail from Third World nations that don't have structured or
trusted banking systems, said Hodan Isse, a UB economics professor and native of
Somalia.

"In developing countries, people can't go to the bank when they need a loan,
they go to extended family members, close friends," Isse said. "It's
community-based, and it's a system that has worked."

The idea of funeral clubs in Burma spawned out of an absence of financial
services to cover costs when someone dies. The area's burgeoning Burmese
population started a club here last year.

"Our members don't have extra money to pay for life insurance," said Steven
Sanyu, director of the Burmese Community Center. "With the funeral club, they
pay a membership fee once a year, and if someone passes, we give the money from
the membership fees." Sanyu said the club now has 100 members and is growing
fast.

"It's something people need," he said. "And since we are Buddhist, our culture
is very different when we do funerals. So club members help families and make
sure everything is done the way we do it in Burma."

The Burmese community group is one of many developed by refugee ethnic groups to
provide emotional and financial support, Short said.

"After refugees have been here a few years, they form these community groups,"
she said. "And they are really there for each other to address whatever needs
that come up and provide assistance."

>Sending money back

Along with susus and funeral clubs, hawala -- an informal, money-transferring
system -- has long been used by immigrants to get money to relatives in their
native countries. But no money is actually sent. Instead, linked couriers pay
and borrow from each other to get the money to the recipient for a small fee,
settling the debt at a later date.

"It's a very dependable and convenient system, especially in the rural areas,
where there are no bank branches," said Dr. Khalid J. Qazi, president of the
local chapter of the Muslim Public Affairs Council. "Recipients in rural areas
can receive the money at their door at a reasonable cost."

Hawala was once very popular among local immigrants, but its usage greatly
declined after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The system was used by the
terrorists to get untraceable funds for the attacks.

Government surveillance of the system has forced immigrants to use more
expensive wiring services or send money via friends and family traveling to
their homelands, Qazi said.

Like hawala, susus operate on trust. There's no credit check, no income
verification.

"We only allow nice, honest people in," Khalil said. "People only join through
recommendations from current members, and if a new member doesn't pay, the
person who brought them is responsible for their payments. But I've been doing
this for years and never had anyone not pay."

To avoid that situation, though, family members and close friends comprise
susus. The group sizes vary, from a few to 20 people, which then determines the
payment amounts and the length of susu cycle. Contributions can be made weekly
or monthly. Win's group has 10 people who pay $200 each month. He received
$1,800 in August, $200 from each of the nine other members.

Members can choose payment times based on their needs, or selections are done
randomly.

"We pick numbers every month, mixed them up, and choose who gets the money,"
said Khalil, whose group includes Al Shaban and 11 other people who pay $100 a
month. "That way people can be surprised, and they can't get discouraged if they
know they are the last to get the money. This way they have hope."

In cases of emergency expenses, a member can successfully appeal to get the
payment.

"That's the beauty of it -- it's flexible," said Isse, the UB economics
professor. "A person can get cash quickly and it doesn't cost them any money."

Isse, who participated in susus when she arrived in America, said money pooling
is a great tool as new arrivals find their financial footing. But true financial
security can be attained by accessing financial systems and obtaining credit.

>Microloan help

An entrepreneur, Khalil has used the money to sustain her various business
endeavors. Her $1,600 payment in August paid the tax bills for her three rental
properties. And over the years, the money has bought equipment for her
photography/videography business, and scarves and jewelry for her clothing
operations.

Khalil said past susu members have used their susu payments to start businesses.

Win, 40, got his start through the WEDI program, the economic development arm of
the Westminster Presbyterian Church's community revitalization program, which
gives training and co-signs for microloans to tiny West Side businesses. The
church's program also provided funding for some of the immigrant and refugee
vendors in the West Side Bazaar on Grant Street. HEAL International, a
refugee-run organization, where Hodan is a board member, also has a microcredit
and microloan to help refugees launch businesses.

"Our program appeals to refugees and immigrant entrepreneurs because of the
assistance we provide," said Bonnie Smith, president of WEDI. "For someone from
a different country, it's hard to start a business. They don't know the
language, our business climate, our business regulations or licensing.

"It's also difficult to get financing when you've only been in this country for
a couple years."

Win, a former political prisoner who arrived in Buffalo in 2005, said the loan
from WEDI and contributions from family members allowed him to buy the
Massachusetts Avenue laundromat.

He plans to keep his business going and expand services with future susu money.

"Next time, I might buy two more washers or dryers," he said. "I don't know yet
but I know it will help me make my business better."

email: esapong@buffnews.com

***

Immigrant financial tools

Refugees rely on each other for economic empowerment

Susu

A savings and loan system in which members' monthly contributions are pooled and
distributed to an individual member on a rotating basis each month. It
encourages saving and provides interestfree loans. The money is commonly used
for down payments on homes and cars.

*

Funeral club

Operates like an insurance policy. Membership dues can be $20 a year, and if a
member experiences a death during the year, the club gives them up to $4,000
from the dues collected to cover funeral expenses. If there's no death, the
money grows.

*

Hawala

An informal, money transfer system that has long been used by immigrants to get
money to relatives in their native countries. Money isn't sent, it is paid to a
local agent, and another agent in the home country pays the money to the
recipient for a small fee. The agents settle the debt at a later date.

Westminster Economic Development Initiative Incorporation (WEDI)

The economic development arm of the Westminster Presbyterian Church community
revitalization program, gives training and cosigns for microloans to tiny West
Side businesses.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Derek Gee/Buffalo News Palestinian Amira Khalil, who emigrated to the
United States 25 years ago, has been organizing susus with refugees the past
three years. Khalil runs Princess Collections Photo and Video, which specializes
in immigrant weddings. Derek Gee/Buffalo News Zaw Win, a political prisoner who
arrived in Buffalo in 2005, said a loan from the Westminster Economic
Development Initiative Incorporation WEDI and contributions from family members
allowed him to buy the West Side Value Laundromat.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            July 25, 2007 Wednesday

Microloans by Western Union

BYLINE: William Launder

SECTION: CARDS: IN BRIEF; Pg. 9 Vol. 172 No. 142

LENGTH: 159  words


Hoping to capitalize on the breadth of data it collects from consumers when they
make money transfers, Western Union Co. said it plans to roll out a microfinance
business as early as next year.

The data provided by consumers who transfer money through Western Union
regularly would help it determine creditworthiness when issuing the loans, which
could range from $100 to $1,000.

Offering microloans could help the Englewood, Colo., transmitter boost profits
at a time when the immigration debate and concerns about remittance seizures by
regulators have slowed Western Union's transaction volume.

"We think it is a big opportunity for us," Christina Gold, Western Union's chief
executive, said Tuesday during a second-quarter earnings call with investors.
The business could generate revenue by next year, but it likely would be rolled
out on a small scale before being launched globally, she said.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

Antioch chamber looks to microloan program to boost small businesses

BYLINE: By Paul Burgarino Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 422 words


ANTIOCH -- The Chamber of Commerce is looking to help local small businesses
"get to the next level" with an assist from outside lenders.

Antioch's chamber is working with the city to use a microloan program called
Kiva Zip, where borrowers with no or limited access to capital can receive
interest-free loans through crowd funding, a method of pooling money together
from a group of investors via the Internet.

"For our members, maybe there's a piece of equipment they need to buy to help
improve and expand their business. This program will allow them to do that,"
said Sean Wright, the chamber's Chief Executive Officer.

The chamber plans to send out information to its members via email next week,
showing the program's success stories, he said.

Borrowers can receive loans of up to $5,000 through the Kiva Zip program --
enough to hire and retain employees or start up and expand a small business.

"The program in and of itself isn't the answer to funding for entrepreneurs, but
it certainly is an arrow in the quiver," said Brian Nunnally, Antioch's economic
development analyst. "It provides another opportunity for businesses to invest
in Antioch."

A city-hired consultant passed on information about the program to city staff,
who set up a discussion with the chamber and Kiva officers "to try and find a
way to make it work," Nunnally said.

Mayor Wade Harper is among those city leaders who also see it as an opportunity
to boost local business.

Wright said he was told that there was not another chamber or municipality
trying to use Kiva Zip. However, private firms and nonprofits throughout the
country are using the program, he said.

In Antioch's case, the chamber will act as trustee for local businesses. That
means it will be responsible for vouching for the character of potential
borrowers and endorsing them on the Kiva Zip website.

The chamber is only acting as trustee for chamber members, Wright said.

"We have to have a relationship with them and know what they're about," he said.

Kiva Zip, a pilot program of the microlending nonprofit websitewww.Kiva.org ,
was developed in November 2011 to increase direct access for small business
owners in Kenya and the United States to receive loans.

An added benefit of the program is that those funding businesses can be kept
apprised of a business's progress and offer tidbits of advice, Wright said.

"It can help that there are people that want to see them be successful and are
able to help," he said.

Contact Paul Burgarino at 925-779-7164. Follow him atTwitter.com/paulburgarino .

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

Antioch chamber looks to microloan program to boost small businesses

BYLINE: By Paul Burgarino Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


ANTIOCH -- The Chamber of Commerce is looking to help local small businesses
"get to the next level" with an assist from outside lenders.

Antioch's chamber is working with the city to use a microloan program called
Kiva Zip, where borrowers with no or limited access to capital can receive
interest-free loans through crowd funding, a method of pooling money together
from a group of investors via the Internet.

"For our members, maybe there's a piece of equipment they need to buy to help
improve and expand their business. This program will allow them to do that,"
said Sean Wright, the chamber's Chief Executive Officer.

The chamber plans to send out information to its members via email next week,
showing the program's success stories, he said.

Borrowers can receive loans of up to $5,000 through the Kiva Zip program --
enough to hire and retain employees or start up and expand a small business.

"The program in and of itself isn't the answer to funding for entrepreneurs, but
it certainly is an arrow in the quiver," said Brian Nunnally, Antioch's economic
development analyst. "It provides another opportunity for businesses to invest
in Antioch."

A city-hired consultant passed on information about the program to city staff,
who set up a discussion with the chamber and Kiva officers "to try and find a
way to make it work," Nunnally said.

Mayor Wade Harper is among those city leaders who also see it as an opportunity
to boost local business.

Wright said he was told that there was not another chamber or municipality
trying to use Kiva Zip. However, private firms and nonprofits throughout the
country are using the program, he said.

In Antioch's case, the chamber will act as trustee for local businesses. That
means it will be responsible for vouching for the character of potential
borrowers and endorsing them on the Kiva Zip website.

The chamber is only acting as trustee for chamber members, Wright said.

"We have to have a relationship with them and know what they're about," he said.

Kiva Zip, a pilot program of the microlending nonprofit websitewww.Kiva.org ,
was developed in November 2011 to increase direct access for small business
owners in Kenya and the United States to receive loans.

An added benefit of the program is that those funding businesses can be kept
apprised of a business's progress and offer tidbits of advice, Wright said.

"It can help that there are people that want to see them be successful and are
able to help," he said.

Contact Paul Burgarino at 925-779-7164. Follow him atTwitter.com/paulburgarino .

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 23, 2006 Monday

Walkers raise £20k during London stroll

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

p Go to yourlocalguardian.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday

Walkers raise £20k during London stroll

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

p Go to yourlocalguardian.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                           October 21, 2006 Saturday

Walkers raise £20k during London stroll

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

p Go to yourlocalguardian.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 20, 2006 Friday

Walkers raise £20k during London stroll

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

p Go to yourlocalguardian.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                           October 18, 2006 Wednesday

Families in Malawi helped by walkers

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 17, 2006 Tuesday

Families in Malawi helped by walkers

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 16, 2006 Monday

Families in Malawi helped by walkers

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 15, 2006 Sunday

Families in Malawi helped by walkers

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday

Families in Malawi helped by walkers

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 13, 2006 Friday

Families in Malawi helped by walkers

BYLINE: Stephen Abbott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Richmond And Twickenham Times


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am. Along the way they
passed famous landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden Market and Lord's Cricket
Ground.

Almost 10-and-a-half hours later the final competitor crossed the 50km finishing
line in Limehouse to rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly and the elation of having
done it is the only memory that remains.

"Coupled with the fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause, will I sign up
again for next year's event? Probably."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            October 13, 2006 Friday

It s not a walk in the park

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


Hardy walkers raised £20,000 for a Chiswick charity after trekking 50km across
London.

The money will go to the MicroLoan Foundation, an organisation based in Chiswick
which provides small business loans to families in Malawi.

Led by Gabby Logan, TV presenter and patron of the MicroLoan Foundation, 130
walkers left Brentford Lock on a rainy Sunday morning at 9am.

Along the way, they passed famous capital landmarks such as London Zoo, Camden
Market and Lord's Cricket Ground.

And, almost 10-and-a-half hours later, the final competitor crossed the 50km
finish line in Limehouse to a rapturous applause.

Amy Fairbairn, one of the people to complete the slog on September 24, said:
"With blisters and swollen feet having healed fairly quickly, the memory of how
difficult the nine-hour walk was is fading quickly.

"The elation of having done it is the only memory that remains coupled with the
fact that the money goes to a fantastic cause.

"Will I sign up again for next year's event? Probably."

l For more local and regional stories, visit

yourlocalguardian.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marching orders: Fundraisers enjoying their stroll.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2006 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS



          Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Regions (English)

                   January 18, 2012 Wednesday 11:38 AM GMT +3

Non-commercial agency in Chuvashia issued microloans to 383 small businesses

SECTION: REGIONS

LENGTH: 55  words


CHEBOKSARY. The Small Business Support Agency of Chuvashia, a republic in the
Upper Volga region, provided RUR190.5mn ($6mn, or (EURO)4.7mn) in microloans to
383 small businesses in 2011.

The money helped to create 198 and preserve 3,081 jobs.

The agency was established by the Chuvash Economic Development Ministry on June
1, 2009.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_REGION


                      Copyright 2002 - 2012 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS



        Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM): Business News (English)

                   January 18, 2012 Wednesday 11:38 AM GMT +3

Non-commercial agency in Chuvashia issued microloans to 383 small businesses

SECTION: REGIONS

LENGTH: 55  words


CHEBOKSARY. The Small Business Support Agency of Chuvashia, a republic in the
Upper Volga region, provided RUR190.5mn ($6mn, or (EURO)4.7mn) in microloans to
383 small businesses in 2011.

The money helped to create 198 and preserve 3,081 jobs.

The agency was established by the Chuvash Economic Development Ministry on June
1, 2009.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_GENERAL


                      Copyright 2002 - 2012 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS



     Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Banking & Finance (English)

                   January 18, 2012 Wednesday 11:38 AM GMT +3

Non-commercial agency in Chuvashia issued microloans to 383 small businesses

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE

LENGTH: 55  words


CHEBOKSARY. The Small Business Support Agency of Chuvashia, a republic in the
Upper Volga region, provided RUR190.5mn ($6mn, or (EURO)4.7mn) in microloans to
383 small businesses in 2011.

The money helped to create 198 and preserve 3,081 jobs.

The agency was established by the Chuvash Economic Development Ministry on June
1, 2009.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_BANK


                      Copyright 2002 - 2012 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS



       Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Macroeconomics (English)

                   January 18, 2012 Wednesday 11:38 AM GMT +3

Non-commercial agency in Chuvashia issued microloans to 383 small businesses

SECTION: MACROECONOMICS

LENGTH: 55  words


CHEBOKSARY. The Small Business Support Agency of Chuvashia, a republic in the
Upper Volga region, provided RUR190.5mn ($6mn, or (EURO)4.7mn) in microloans to
383 small businesses in 2011.

The money helped to create 198 and preserve 3,081 jobs.

The agency was established by the Chuvash Economic Development Ministry on June
1, 2009.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_MACRO


                      Copyright 2002 - 2012 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS



     Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Banking & Finance (English)

                     July 15, 2010 Thursday 12:47 PM GMT +3

SME support fund in Lipetsk Region issued $3mn worth of microloans in 1h10

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE

LENGTH: 116  words


LIPETSK. In January-June 2010, the SME support fund of the Lipetsk Region in
central Russia issued 158 microloans worth a total of RUR98.5mn ($3.2mn, or
(EURO)2.5mn). As many as 150 local startup businesses received RUR30mn.

An additional RUR20mn will be allocated for this purpose from the regional
budget soon. The region will also receive another RUR36.7mn from the federal
budget on the terms of co-financing according to the results of a tender.

Another form of state support given to regional SMEs is subsidising interest
rates on bank loans issued for 36 investment projects (RUR18.7mn). In 2010,
total budget financing of small and midsize businesses in the Lipetsk Region is
to reach RUR160mn.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_BANK


                      Copyright 2002 - 2010 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 28, 2015 Sunday

Nonprofit LifeSpan adapts to change and celebrates 70 years

BYLINE: Chelsey Levingston, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


June 28--BUTLER COUNTY -- The nonprofit LifeSpan Inc. hasn't survived 70 years
by standing still.

If it hadn't made any changes since its founding seven decades ago in 1945,
LifeSpan -- or Family Services of Hamilton as it was called then -- would still
be providing only mental health services to veterans returning from war and
suffering "shellshock."

LifeSpan still provides mental health services, but that's a small part of what
it does today. The group also provides financial counseling services; care
management for older adults and the mentally disabled; school-based support
services; representative payee services; behavioral health counseling; and
guardianship services primarily in Butler and Warren counties.

More than 13,000 people were served last year by LifeSpan, which celebrated its
70th anniversary at the organization's annual meeting last Tuesday.

A willingness to adapt over the years as well as a business mindset and
collaboration with other nonprofits have all been keys to LifeSpan's survival
over the years, said Chief Executive Officer Bill Staler.

"We need to adapt to those community needs as they change, and one way the
community tells us what it needs is by funding us," Staler said. He became CEO
in 2011.

In more recent history, nonprofits have had to focus on cutting the cost of
office operations to maintain or increase the level of services, Staler said.
Nonprofits that outlasted the most recent recession when budgets were tight have
not only cut costs, but also looked for ways to grow through expansion of
services and mergers. Nonprofits are also responding to changing donor
priorities, Staler said.

"We've just had to make sure our operations are effective and efficient, which
is a good thing," Staler said.

But costs can only be cut so much without losing good employees or sacrificing
quality of services. Unlike a for-profit corporation, the mission comes first
before seeking higher revenues, Staler said.

"We would never reduce the quality of our service to essentially make more
money," he said.

LifeSpan is funded by fees for services, donations and taxpayer dollars. Funding
sources include the Butler County Elderly Services levy. LifeSpan is also
independent and not part of a larger national organization.

Butler County United Way in recent years changed its method to fund programs
that support its mission instead of funding agencies. One nonprofit cannot do
everything, said Mag Baker, the president and chief executive officer of the
Butler County chapter. Rather, United Way and its donors want to fund the
programs that have the most impact, Baker said.

"Nonprofits are beginning to understand it's about the mission but it is also
about running a business. We have to have the same discipline as a for-profit
business, the only difference is the profits we make go back into the
community," Baker said.

One program funded by the local United Way is LifeSpan's financial counseling
services such as advice on mortgages, bankruptcy and student loans, Baker said.
LifeSpan is the only local nonprofit to offer financial and credit counseling
services, she said. And LifeSpan collaborated with other nonprofits to lend its
financial education expertise to a course on starting a business.

LifeSpan partners with other local nonprofits Supports to Encourage Low-Income
Families, Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton Inc. and Butler County Small
Business Development Center on a Microenterprise and Microloan Program.
Qualified low- and moderate-income people can apply for a multi-week course on
business management. As part of the class, students must form an action plan of
business goals and objectives to present to apply for a low-interest microloan.

"I would say it's kind of evolved over the last 10 years but because there's so
many people chasing the same dollars and there's not so many resources out in
the community, you have to make sure you're setting yourself apart because
donors are demanding more accountability," Baker said.

___ (c)2015 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150628-HL-Nonprofit-LifeSpan-adapts-to-change-and-celebrates-70-years-0628-201
50628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2015 The Journal-News


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            September 3, 2012 Monday

Add microloans to small business financing options

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 491 words


Debi Thomas found startup money watching a TV program about The Boston Beer Co.
Turns out the Massachusetts brewer, best known for its Samuel Adams craft beers,
connects with various Accion microloan programs throughout the country.

Fast forward to Accion Chicago and the final financial piece that allowed Thomas
and her husband, Rick Scott, to open in March.

"We had no collateral, nothing to substantiate that we could build this business
and succeed," Thomas says. Banks weren't interested, but "Accion was."

Bob Knox is president and CEO of., a 40-year old West Chicago business that
focuses on millimeter wave systems -- radar and communications, Knox explains.
The company's bank said "No" when Knox, who wanted to ease the dips on the
recession roller coaster ride, asked for an increase in Epsilon Lambda's
existing line of credit.

"We explored a more liberal line of credit with other banks, but with no
success," Knox says. One of those bankers, however, suggested Accion Chicago --
and Epsilon Lambda got its money.

"The big banks don't need my business," Knox says. "They'll give me money if
there's no risk. Accion is a different type of organization."

There are no angel investors at Accion Chicago. No crowdfunding. But the
microlender clearly is a financing option for qualifying Chicago-area small
businesses -- very much including those in the suburbs. There are just a couple
of possible hitches:

* Loan amounts are small. Loans max out at $20,000 for startups, $50,000 for
established businesses.

* Rates are high, 11-18 percent. Still, says Mary Fran Riley, Accion Chicago
vice president development and communications, "The average rate is 13 percent,
above bank rates but below credit cards."

Businesses may qualify for one of two special programs that can reduce the rate.

* Loan terms are up to 72 months. Most Accion Chicago loans are paid off in
about 18 months, Riley says. There is no prepayment penalty.

* You need skin in the game, at least 10 percent of the amount of the loan
request.

* Real estate developers need not bother to apply. No exporters, either.
Service, retail, wholesale and manufacturing businesses are eligible.

Although the organization's primary market is low- to moderate income
entrepreneurs in low- to moderate income neighborhoods, "We're seeing borrowers
with credit scores in the 700s," Riley says.

That's what a recession will do. Even so, the organization makes just one loan
for every 10 applications. Many of those loans are in the suburbs.

Last year Accion Chicago made 70 loans to small businesses in Cook County
outside Chicago. The average loan amount was $6,743.

There were 14 loans at an average of $11,260 in DuPage; 14 in Kane, where the
average amount was $4,787; and 13 in Lake (Illinois), average $7,257.

Many of the Illinois Small Business Development Centers in the suburbs serve as
remote lending offices for Accion Chicago.

* Jim Kendall welcomes comments at JKendall@121MarketingResources.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 28, 2012 Tuesday

Add microloans to small business financing options

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 531 words


Debi Thomas found startup money watching a TV program about The Boston Beer Co.
Turns out the Massachusetts brewer, best known for its Samuel Adams craft beers,
connects with various Accion microloan programs throughout the country.

Fast forward to Accion Chicago and the final financial piece that allowed Thomas
and her husband, Rick Scott, to open [URL]Naperville's Wicked Good Café
;http://wickedgoodcafe.vpweb.com/[/URL]in March.

"We had no collateral, nothing to substantiate that we could build this business
and succeed," Thomas says. Banks weren't interested, but "Accion was."

Bob Knox is president and CEO of[URL] Epsilon Lambda Electronics
Corp;http://epsilonlambda.com/[/URL]., a 40-year old West Chicago business that
focuses on millimeter wave systems -- radar and communications, Knox explains.
The company's bank said "No" when Knox, who wanted to ease the dips on the
recession roller coaster ride, asked for an increase in Epsilon Lambda's
existing line of credit.

"We explored a more liberal line of credit with other banks, but with no
success," Knox says. One of those bankers, however, suggested Accion Chicago --
and Epsilon Lambda got its money.

"The big banks don't need my business," Knox says. "They'll give me money if
there's no risk. Accion is a different type of organization."

There are no angel investors at Accion Chicago. No crowdfunding. But the
microlender clearly is a financing option for qualifying Chicago-area small
businesses -- very much including those in the suburbs. There are just a couple
of possible hitches:

* Loan amounts are small. Loans max out at $20,000 for startups, $50,000 for
established businesses.

* Rates are high, 11-18 percent. Still, says Mary Fran Riley, Accion Chicago
vice president of development and communications. "The average rate is 13
percent, above bank rates but below credit cards."

Businesses may qualify for one of two special programs that can reduce the rate.

* Loan terms are up to 72 months. Most Accion Chicago loans are paid off in
about 18 months, Riley says. There is no prepayment penalty.

* You need skin in the game, at least 10 percent of the amount of the loan
request.

* Real estate developers need not bother to apply. No exporters, either.
Service, retail, wholesale and manufacturing businesses are eligible.

Although the organization's primary market is low- to moderate income
entrepreneurs in low- to moderate income neighborhoods, "We're seeing borrowers
with credit scores in the 700s," Riley says.

That's what a recession will do. Even so, the organization makes just one loan
for every 10 applications. Many of those loans are in the suburbs.

Last year Accion Chicago made 70 loans to small businesses in Cook County
outside Chicago. The average loan amount was $6,743.

There were 14 loans at an average of $11,260 in DuPage; 14 in Kane, where the
average amount was $4,787; and 13 in Lake (Illinois), average $7,257.

Many of the Illinois Small Business Development Centers in the suburbs serve as
remote lending offices for Accion Chicago, which means paperwork and processing
can be done locally.

* Jim Kendall welcomes

comments at: JKendall@121MarketingResources.com

© 2012 121 Marketing Resources Inc.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                           February 8, 2005, Tuesday

HIS BUSINESS ON EDGE, MR WAGNER OFFERS UNUSUAL COLLATERAL

BYLINE: BY GWENDOLYN BOUNDS

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 4

LENGTH: 56 words


In-depth look at the US government's MicroLoan program, which provides loans to
entrepreneurs who otherwise could not get them; profiled is amputee Torren
Wagner, of Mount Vernon, Ohio, who used his $20,000 prosthetic leg as collateral
to save his business; MicroLoan is slated for elimination in Pres Bush's 2006
budget; drawings (L)

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

GRAPHIC: Diagram

              Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Washington: H.R.2670 - To amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded
participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes.

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Congress has issued the following bill status:

H.R.2670 - To amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation
in the microloan program, and for other purposes.114th Congress (2015-2016) |
Get alerts
BillHide Overview icon-hide
Sponsor:  Rep. Moulton, Seth [D-MA-6] (Introduced 06/04/2015)
Committees:  House - Small Business
Latest Action:  06/04/2015 Referred to the House Committee on Small Business.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Report: Washington Women Entrepreneurs Face Gender Gap in Access to Lending

LENGTH: 1037  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Maria Cantwell, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Women-owned businesses are a growing economic force in Washington state,
generating $26 billion and employing 153,000 people. But women entrepreneurs in
Washington still faces significant challenges in getting fair access to capital
when starting their own business, according to a report released today by U.S.
Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA), Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Small
Business and Entrepreneurship.

In Washington state, women comprise 29 percent of business owners but receive
only 11 percent of the total value of all business loans issued by the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA), according to the report, 21st Century
Barriers to Women's Entrepreneurship: State of Washington Edition. In many
cases, conventional business loans aren't tailored to fit the needs of women
business owners, according to the report.

"Today, we are releasing a report that shows Washington's 21st Century barriers
to women entrepreneurs," Cantwell said. "In Washington state, we do have a great
number of women entrepreneurs. But just think, how many more great services and
great products could be created - and more importantly, how many more jobs - if
they had the support and access to capital."

"We are making progress, but we know that many women businesses still do not
have equal access to economic opportunity," said U.S. Rep. Suzan DelBene
(D-WA-01), a former businesswoman and entrepreneur who joined Cantwell in a
press conference about the report. "We need to do more in the other Washington
to advance an economic agenda that supports women, both as business owners as
well as women workers. I look forward to continuing to work with Senator
Cantwell and my colleagues in the House to fight for policies that make sure we
build an economy that works for everyone

Cantwell held a roundtable Wednesday at Town Hall Seattle to hear from women
entrepreneurs, investors and business leaders about the challenges women
encounter when trying to obtain capital to start or grow their businesses and
how SBA loans and counseling partners can fill a gap left by conventional
lenders and the private sector.

Among the findings in the Washington state report:

Growth in Washington state: From 1987 to 2013, the number of women-owned firms
increased by 90 percent, compared to the national growth rate of 59 percent.
Since 2007, women-owned firms in Washington state have added 5,000 new jobs.

Access to lending: Nationwide, just $1 in every $23 of conventional small
business loans go to women. The SBA often is a good option for women who are
unable to obtain a conventional loan. But in Washington state, women received 11
percent of the value of SBA loans. Nationally, women received 13 percent of the
total dollar value, representing $13 million in missed opportunity. Women also
receive just 7 percent of venture funds.

Getting relevant business training and counseling: The SBA-operated Women
Business Center program was created to help support women-owned businesses get
off the ground and has successfully provided training to thousands of women
entrepreneurs each year. Washington state has three SBA-operated Women's
Business Centers in Seattle, Lacey, and Spokane. These centers successfully
provide business training and counseling to women business owners and have
helped start 116 new businesses in 2014. But continue to operate on funding
levels set 15 years ago, despite increasing needs.

Equal access to federal contracts: The federal government has never met its goal
of awarding 5 percent of contracts to women-owned businesses - a goal enacted by
legislation 20 years ago. In Washington state, the percentage is lower.
Women-owned businesses received just 1.6 percent of all federal contracts
awarded in Washington state. That translates to $313 million in lost contracting
opportunities.

"The state of women's business ownership today may be best characterized as
'everywhere and nowhere," the report said. "While women entrepreneurs have
achieved modest gains in our economy, major gaps and inequalities persist that
threaten those gains."

A copy of the report is available here.

In July, Cantwell introduced legislation - the "Women's Small Business Ownership
Act of 2014" - that would address the gender gap in lending by expanding or
improving SBA programs to reach more women seeking business loans. The
legislation would:

Expand and improve the SBA Microloan program to reach more women borrowers who
need loans of up to $50,000. The legislation would allow Microloan lenders to
increase lending capacity from $5 million to $7 million and improve the program
to better meet borrowers' needs through more flexible terms and expanded
technical assistance.

Reauthorize the SBA Intermediary Lending program - now a pilot program - to
provide more women access to loans between $50,000 and $200,000.

Increase funding for the Women's Business Center program to expand and improve
counseling and training services to reach more women entrepreneurs, especially
in low-income areas.

Allow sole-source contracting for federal contracts awarded through the
Women-Owned Small Business Federal Contract program, which would put women-owned
businesses on equal footing with other disadvantaged groups in the contracting
process.

The report was released during a press conference and tour of Glassybaby, a
successful woman-owned business in Madrona that produces popular handmade glass
votives. Founder Lee Rhodes started the company in 2001 after recovering from
lung cancer. Rhodes was unable to obtain conventional small business loans even
when her business was profitable and ready for growth.  She now has three
Seattle stores and one in San Francisco, and has expanded from four to 152
employees. The company donates a portion of its revenue to charities that
support those recovering from cancer.

Cantwell and DelBene were joined by Rhodes; Karyn Schwartz, Proprietor of
SugarPill apothecary on Capitol Hill - who started her business with an SBA
microloan; and Barbara Kasoff, President of Women Impacting Public Policy.

For further information please visit: http://www.cantwell.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       May 16, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Grameen America Reaches Microfinance Milestone

LENGTH: 176  words


New Delhi, May 16 -- Grameen America, founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus , has expanded across the country to provide microloans to women
living in poverty. In just five years the microlender has provided over 35,000
microloans to help build small businesses.



Stephen A Vogel, CEO of Grameen America, said, "With opportunities and financial
support, people can do amazing things. Grameen America, together with our
borrowers, is changing this country by reducing unemployment and poverty."

Typical loans of $2,000 enable members to purchase a sewing machine to start a
home-based tailoring business, to buy a small food cart, or to rent a chair in a
hair salon to begin providing services.

Grameen America borrowers continue to grow their business with each loan.
"Participating in the Grameen Program has made me see that there are still
people out there that believe in what you can do," said Delia, a Grameen America
borrower. Over 85% of borrowers return to Grameen America for another loan to
continue the development of their business.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       May 15, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Grameen America Reaches Microfinance Milestone

LENGTH: 176  words


New Delhi, May 15 -- Grameen America, founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient
Muhammad Yunus , has expanded across the country to provide microloans to women
living in poverty. In just five years the microlender has provided over 35,000
microloans to help build small businesses.



Stephen A Vogel, CEO of Grameen America, said, "With opportunities and financial
support, people can do amazing things. Grameen America, together with our
borrowers, is changing this country by reducing unemployment and poverty."

Typical loans of $2,000 enable members to purchase a sewing machine to start a
home-based tailoring business, to buy a small food cart, or to rent a chair in a
hair salon to begin providing services.

Grameen America borrowers continue to grow their business with each loan.
"Participating in the Grameen Program has made me see that there are still
people out there that believe in what you can do," said Delia, a Grameen America
borrower. Over 85% of borrowers return to Grameen America for another loan to
continue the development of their business.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

India: SKS Microfinance - Pricing of microloans offered by the Company

LENGTH: 123  words

DATELINE: Bombay


Bombay, June 02 -- SKS Microfinance Ltd has informed Bombay Stock Exchange today
that with effect from June 01, 2011, the Company plans to charge a processing
fee of 1% (of the loan amount) on all microloans offered across India. The
credit shield Insurance premium will be collected from the borrowers on actual
basis without any administrative charges. This is in accordance with the pricing
guidelines mentioned in RBI's circular dated May 03, 2011 to banks on "Bank
loans to Micro Finance Institutions (MFIs) - Priority sector statu Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 6, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Little Guys Left Out

SECTION: Editorial; A15

LENGTH: 121 words


The notion and practice of microloans described in "New Line on Credit"
[Business, Dec. 11] may hold great promise for a once-disenfranchised group of
entrepreneurs.

But the accompanying profiles employed editorial license I found disturbing.
Worse, the hopeful reader who might be a candidate for such a loan could find
disappointment at the end of the rainbow described therein.

The article stated that the average microloan made by the Enterprise Development
Group is less than $16,000. Yet, the four "success stories" described loans of
$35,000, $35,000, $25,000 and $15,000  --  hardly a balanced, "average"
sampling. I'm reasonably certain there's another, untold side to the story.

--  Chris McNamara

Washington

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 20, 2014

USDA Announces Karis Gutter as USDAs First Military Veterans Agriculture Liaison

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 903  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced Karis T. Gutter, a Marine Corps Reserve veteran and current USDA
Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services (FFAS), as the
first USDA Military Veterans Agricultural (MVA) Liaison. The MVA Liaison will
coordinate USDA leadership across the Department to provide information,
resources and support for active duty military and veterans interested in
agriculture. The MVA Liaison will also have authority to facilitate formal
relationships between USDA and other government agencies and non-profit
organizations to strengthen USDA support for veterans.

Deputy Secretary Harden made the announcement at the Farmers Veterans Coalition
and Drake University Agriculture Law Center's inaugural national conference in
Des Moines, Iowa. "Many of America's veterans come from our rural communities,
and are often drawn back to the land upon returning to civilian life," said
Deputy Secretary Harden. "Veterans are key to building our future generation of
farmers, land stewards and conservationists. USDA already has a number of
initiatives to help veterans find meaningful work in agriculture upon returning
home, but this new position will help coordinate our efforts and make programs
easier to navigate. I look forward to Karis' leadership as we continue to
support America's heroes."

Gutter, native of Terry, Mississippi (pop. 1,099), began his career in public
service as an enlisted United States Marine Corp Reservist. Gutter served as a
Corporal in the Marine Corps as a communications and field radio operator for
six years and participated in humanitarian relief in support of September 11 and
Hurricane Katrina. Prior to his USDA service, Gutter worked for the Hinds County
Board of Supervisors in Mississippi and on Capitol Hill as Deputy Chief of Staff
and Legislative Director to Congressman Bennie G. Thompson (MS-02). "Serving as
USDA's first Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison is a great honor," said
Gutter, who is also attending the Iowa conference. "As a Marine, I know military
veterans have unique skills, training and perspective. My job is to make sure
military veterans have full access to USDA's resources and services to help them
succeed in civilian life."

The USDA Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison, which reports directly to the
Office of the Secretary, is a new position created by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
Farm Bill also authorizes USDA to offer priority preference to veterans in
several programs including the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP) and the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

Since 2009, USDA has invested in housing, job training and financial assistance
for veterans including:

Providing safe and sound housing through Rural Development's Rural Housing
Service by making 9,301 single family guaranteed housing loans, 952 direct home
loans, 766 home improvement loans and 1,445 home improvement grants to veterans
and their families.Investing over $2 million to training and experience for over
600 veterans through the Veterans Fire Corps, many of which become permanent
Forest Service employees. There are over 10,000 veterans employed across USDA.

Partnering with the Corporation for National Service (CNCS) and other federal
agencies to develop the 21 st Conservation Service Corps (21 CSC) to create
opportunities for veterans to restore and conserve natural resources. Earlier
this week, USDA and CNCS announced the project locations of expanded 21 CSC
opportunities in 11 states. In addition, the Forest Service invested over $21
million in FY 14 and leveraged $18 million from partners to engage approximately
11,000 youth and veterans in training and employment opportunities Closing 689
Farm Service Agency Farm Ownership Loans (totaling $106.8 million), 3,881
traditional Farm Operating Loans, (totaling $236.4 million) and 592 microloans
(totaling $11.3 million) to veterans. Recently, the Farm Service Agency
announced it would recognize leadership positions in the military as a way to
satisfy experience requirements when applying for microloan funds Investing $5.4
million to veterans through Farm Service Agency Emergency Loans and over $1.1
million in Conservation Loans Launching a dedicated website for veterans and
military families about available federal nutrition programs.

Chartering the USDA Veterans, Reservists, and Military Families Task Force
(VRMF) to strengthen and coordinate programmatic and outreach efforts across the
Department to better serve military and veteran families Integrating veterans
into USDA efforts for new and beginning farmers.

The announcement of the Military Veteran Agriculture Liaison was made possible
by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in
rural America over j the past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and
billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made
significant progress to implement each provision of this critical legislation,
including providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk
management tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research;
establishing innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new
markets for rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and
community facilities to help improve quality of life.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Glenville Democrat


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Ethiopia : how pastoral women won their rights through microloans

LENGTH: 119 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Oxford: The Department of Oxfam International has issued the following news
release:



 Amina and Absharo recount their daily struggle to win their rights in the
inhospitable, patriarchal Somali region of Ethiopia. They describe how they used
small microloans to buy tea and spaghetti to sell to truckers and refugees
fleeing the conflict in Somalia. How at night they used to light fires for
cooking and heating water and to be seen from a distance.  And how small income
generation enterprise has enabled them to transform their own lives, their
communities and the role played by women locally.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Quoddy Tides (Eastport, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2013

SCEC begins agricultural microloan fund

BYLINE: The Quoddy Tides staff

LENGTH: 279  words


Sunrise County Economic Council (SCEC) and an anonymous donor from the local
farming community have teamed up to offer Washington County food producers
increased access to capital through a new revolving loan fund. The Sunrise Ag
Microloan fund (SAM) offers $500-$10,000 loans to eligible businesses looking to
boost the county's emerging agribusiness sector and promote local food efforts
in Downeast Maine.

"We were approached by a local farming family that wanted to give back to the
community by doing a Program Related Investment [PRI]," SCEC Executive Director
Harold Clossey says, adding that a PRI is a device used to raise capital with a
social mission.

Under SAM's general guidelines, eligible businesses must use funding for
equipment, inventory or material acquisition/improvement; creation and/or
expansion of value added-products/services; training and education, marketing
assistance; energy efficiency improvements; or assistance with the formation of
start-up capital.

"We're trying to encourage public and private collaboration and investment in
our region's agriculture sector by providing a piece of the funding needed to
make a project happen," Clossey says.

SAM is one of several loan products of the SCEC's Sunrise Loan Fund, which has
awarded or leveraged over $5,000,000 in Washington County capital investments
over the past year. It is also closely aligned with SCEC's Sunrise Food
Infrastructure Initiative, which has awarded nearly $200,000 in targeted grants
since February.

More information and SAM applications are available at <www.sunrisecounty.org>
by contacting SCEC Communications Manager Will Tuell at 255-0983 or
<wtuell@sunrisecounty.org;.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QDY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Quoddy Tides


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                       Micro Equity Development Fund LLC

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.themedf.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Micro Equity Development Fund is a for-profit firm that capitalizes
established small-companies in developing countries. The current microloan model
does not allow entrepreneurs in developing countries the freedom they may
require to rapidly grow their business. Typically, a microloan repayments start
on day one - thus entrepreneurs are not thinking about how to best use their
capital to grow their business, but rather how to pay back their loan.  Instead
of loan, we offer capital to businesses with consistent and growing cash flows
in exchange for a share of equity. This way, the investor and entrepreneur both
have an interest in the continued growth of the company.  The Micro Equity
Development Fund will provide entrepreneurs across the developing world access
to investment capital in order to scale their business from a micro-venture to a
medium-sized enterprise. The Fund will also provide middle-income investors in
developed countries with an opportunity to directly invest in small businesses
in emerging economies. Together, these micro-entrepreneurs and
socially-conscious middle-class investors can begin to fill the so-called
"missing middle" in developing economies, resulting in more profitable
businesses for the poor and the potential to earn a reasonable return for the
investor.  The investors' stake in the company is protected through several
mechanisms. First, through the partner MFI, the investor actually has rights to
the assets of the company in case the comp

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday

PROFILES OF AREA MICROLENDERS

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-8

LENGTH: 2100 words


Ex-Peace Corps volunteer aids Peruvian village

Santa Fe's Chijnaya Foundation has no assets and no endowment. Although founder
Ralph Bolton spent about 100 days in Peru in the past year, he does so on his
own dime. His board members pay their own way as do volunteers (10 this year)
from Pomona College in California, where Bolton is a professor of anthropology.
The foundation depends on donations, which added up to about $60,000 (not
including in-kind) last year.

Currently the foundation is trying to raise money to buy a tractor -- and
various attachments -- for the village. It has also funded projects to improve
the cattle stock through artificial insemination and to provide vision care via
a separate grant.

Recently Chijnaya has been making loans for smoke-free stoves. Most villagers
still cook in small, unventilated huts and many suffer from respiratory
ailments. The smokeless stoves are made of adobe with metal doors and a tin
chimney that is fabricated in Puno, a city located on the shore of Lake
Titicaca.

The Chijnaya Foundation made about 200 loans for $20 each and paid a technician
to show villagers how to build the stoves. Borrowers are paying the loans back
over three to six months at 2 percent interest.

People in the region "don't have access to affordable credit," Bolton said.
Those "who want to get ahead had no way to get capital. And, microloans fill an
important hole."

Bolton started the foundation about four years ago to provide humanitarian and
development assistance to communities in the Andean highlands of southern Peru
where he was a Peace Corps volunteer from 1963 to 1965. He recruited his
partner, Robert Frost, people from Pomona College and his son, Eugene, who is
the foundation's executive director. By 2009 the foundation hopes to make
Internet access reliable and build four luxury casitas for eco-tourists.

CHIJNAYA FOUNDATION, SANTA FE

Focus: Loans for cow sheds, troughs, stoves in Peruvian altiplano

Founded: 2004

Number of livestock shelters built in Chijnaya: 82 at $250 each

Raised last year: $60,000

Contact: www.anthropology.pomona.edu/html/Faculty/rbolton/Chijnaya/index.html

Seed money helps diversify area's produce

Matt Romero, one of the leading vendors at the Santa Fe Farmers Market and
president of the institute's board, is preparing to install a new irrigation
system on 3 acres of land about a mile from his home in Dixon.

Romero also farms 4.5 acres in Dixon where he grows salad greens and a couple of
parcels in Alcalde for warm-weather crops. He raises

70 different vegetables including seven kinds of carrots and eggplant and eight
varieties of potatoes that he sells at three weekly markets in Santa Fe during
the season. The new land will be planted in winter and summer squash, pumpkins,
onions, carrots and hardy greens like kale and chard.

"I don't grow it unless it's good to eat," said Romero, a former chef.

Romero said he could have put the new field into production using old-fashioned
flood techniques, "but then I'd have to stay there for hours. We can do a lot
(in that time) if we're not baby-sitting water."

Romero applied for a $3,000 loan from the Santa Fe Farmers Market Institute to
buy the filters, pump, piping, valves and sprinkler heads for the more efficient
drip irrigation system. He plans to repay the money in four installments over
two years, or sooner, depending on how good a season he has. An institute donor
is covering any interest costs for him and five other clients who are sharing a
total of $16,000.

Borrowing from a bank would be difficult he acknowledged. "Money gets a little
slim when you haven't had a check for five or six months," he said. "This time
of year, starting a new property is difficult. It takes a gambling mindset that
you're going to make this money back."

There's labor to hire and seed to buy, and one hailstorm might wipe you out,
Romero said. He recalls two years ago when hail destroyed his yellow pepper
crop. The plants, "looked like someone shot them with pellet guns. They were not
even worth getting for the chickens."

The institute loan is like a "little seed money," he said. He figures this
system will last five to 10 years and make his operation easier to manage.
Moreover, other farmers will see it, and "they will start to think, 'Heck, if he
can do it, I can, too.' "

The institute's Sarah Noss said the nonprofit raised $20,000 for the
microlending program, kept $4,000 for emergencies and is now seeking further
donations. Her goal is $100,000 so the organization can make quarterly loans for
improvements such as greenhouses to grow winter crops and maybe eventually to
help vendors buy tractors and irrigated land.

The institute collaborates with the Permaculture Credit Union to make the loans
to market members that are reviewed by its loan committee. The program is
believed to be the first of its kind in the nation supporting agricultural
producers. The first loans ranged from $250 to the $3,000 to Romero.

Barbara Mann, owner of Gallina del Sol Farm in Stanley, received a loan to build
fencing to expand her poultry production, curb a grasshopper problem and bring
more eggs to the market. Other loans were to expand a grain facility and chicken
coop, meet seasonal labor expenses, buy seeds and equipment and rebuild a cold
frame/greenhouse that collapsed in the snow.

"The viability of farming is not as hopeful as we'd like it to be," said Noss.
Microlending allows farmers to streamline operations, increase production and
make farming more viable, especially for younger farmers who don't own their own
land.

SANTA FE FARMERS MARKET INSTITUTE

Focus: Microloans to New Mexican farmers

Founded: 2008

Borrowers: 6

Value of loans: $16,000

Contact: www.sffminstitute@yahoo.com

Partnering to promote gender awareness

Coffee Kids is working with 12 partners in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa
Rica and Peru on projects that include microcredit, economic diversification,
health care and education among coffee-farming families to help them reduce
their reliance on this crop. The nonprofit was founded in 1988 by coffee roaster
Bill Fishbein in Providence, R.I., and later moved to Santa Fe, where it has
four full-time staff and two part-time employees. Fishbein retired from the
board this year.

Over the past 10 years, Coffee Kids has partnered with Self-Managed Development
in Veracruz, Mexico, to create GMAS, a women's savings group, and a microcredit
program. Every year, many of the men and boys leave the small towns in the state
of Veracruz to harvest coffee. Families rely on this annual journey for their
yearly income.

The program began with 100 members who met weekly to pool their spare change.
Since then, $700,000 has been saved and 3,460 women, men and children in
Veracruz are participating in the microcredit program. In addition, the money
saved is used for community improvements and scholarships.

In Matagalpa, Nicaragua, 30 microcredit and savings groups with 735 members have
accumulated nearly $66,000 and

442 participants received low-interest loans to invest in small business
activities with help from Coffee Kids and the local partner, Cecocafen, an
association of coffee cooperatives.

Microloans have helped women to start sundries shops, hair salons and
tortillarias. The idea, said executive director Carolyn Fairman, is "it needs to
be their passion and their idea. (If not), chances are it will fail."

To qualify for the program, women must have a demonstrated ability to save money
-- sometimes no more than 50 cents a week -- before they get a loan. The
interest rate, 4 percent for example, would include the loan payback as well as
enough to generate a small loan fund for the borrower. Each woman has her own
account booklet where she keeps track of every payment made and how much is
saved.

Fairman, who started with the organization as an international program
coordinator, said the programs not only provide a "leg up" but have a strong
impact on the self-esteem of women. "I visit these women. I've seen it in their
eyes; heard it in their voices. It's just amazing for a woman to know someone
else believes in her. In some ways, that impact is almost more important."

COFFEE KIDS, SANTA FE

Focus: Women's savings accounts and microcredit

Founded: 1988

Clients: 3,460, Veracruz

Money distributed: $4 million

Annual budget: $1 million

Contact: www.coffeekids.org

Combining microloans with education

Earlier this year, Ann Alexander went on a six-day Insight Trip to Guatemala,
where she visited 15 or 20 microentrepreneurs who are clients of Friendship
Bridge. Alexander is one of 20 women in Santa Fe who support the organization,
which has about 19 other "circles" in the U.S. and one in Japan.

Some of the clients used the loans to stock their tiendas, or small stores. One
woman who had increased her flock of chickens from 25 to 500 hoped to get
another loan to expand to 1,000. A weaver used the loan to buy a second loom so
a relative could work with her. One woman set up a small shop to make and sell
tortillas with her daughter-in-law. Another used the money to buy juicers to
enable her to sell fresh-squeezed orange juice at the local market.

Friendship Bridge, founded by a Colorado urologist and his wife, provides
microcredit and education to Mayan women in rural western Guatemala to help them
create their own solutions to poverty. The average loan is less than $200. More
than two-thirds of the women use the credit to produce, buy and sell
handicrafts, food or animals.

The nonprofit also encourages women to set up savings accounts, provides
scholarships for thousands of their children to attend school and runs a
training center in the Nebaj area where children can take computer classes.

As with many microcredit organizations, the focus is on women. They are more
focused on family, children and home, while men tend to spend extra money on
alcohol and extracurricular activities, Alexander said.

Repayment rates among the women are good. In fact, even after Hurricane Stan
devastated the country in 2005, women attended repayment meetings held every
three weeks for between 20 and 30 clients. If the women repay their loans, they
are eligible for more and bigger loans. At these meetings, the women also
receive training in various aspects of business as well as health-care
information, and they support one another.

The Santa Fe Circle raises about

$5,000 a year or more for the organization. Last year, the women held a garage
sale; earlier in the spring, they hosted an opera book reading; this winter,
they hope to make and sell boiled-wool mittens.

FRIENDSHIP BRIDGE, EVERGREEN, COLO.

Focus: Loans to initiate or expand business enterprises

Founded: 1990

Clients: 15,921 microcredit clients

Loan portfolio: $3 million

Santa Fe Circle: Ann Alexander, 984-1420

Contact: www.friendshipbridge.org

Empowering Latino families to succeed

With grants from First Presbyterian Church and the National Credit Union
Foundation, Adelante, the Santa Fe Public Schools program for homeless children
and youth, and the Guadalupe Credit Union have set up a microloan program for
the ambitious, business-savvy parents of the students. The goal, said the bank's
business development director Fernando Olea is to "help Latino families in
particular empower themselves financially."

Lourdes Garcia, a hard-working mother of three originally from Mexico, received

$500 earlier this year to expand her home-based gordita business. Now she is
thinking of buying a larger refrigerator and has added sodas and candy to her
sales.

The Adelante/Guadalupe Credit Union program hopes to make at least 30 similar
collateral-free loans from $15,000 in grant money. Adelante does the initial
screening of proposals and Olea provides financial literacy classes and business
counseling.

The three initial borrowers are women with young children who need to work at
home. Garcia, Olea said, "needed just a little more help."

ADELANTE/GUADALUPE CREDIT UNION MICROLENDING PROGRAM

Focus: Business loans to parents in SFPS Adelante program

Founded: 2008

Borrowers: 3

Loans: $200-$500

Contact: Fernando Olea, Guadalupe Credit Union, 216-0556

OTHER MICROLENDERS

KIVA,

SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF.

Focus: Person-to-person microlending

Founded: 2005

Loans funded: 44,620

Value of loans: $30.6 million

Contact: www.kiva.org

FINCA INTERNATIONAL, WASHINGTON, D.C.

Focus: Financial services to world's lowest-income

entrepreneurs

Founded: 1984

Clients: 500,000

Assets: $134 million (2005)

Contact: www.villagebanking.org

GRAMEEN BANK, DHAKA, BANGLADESH

Focus: Microcredit through community development banks

Founded: 1983

Members: 7.4 million

Total amount disbursed: $6.7 billion

Contact: www.grameen-info.org

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 20, 2013 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

USDA plans small loans for startup farms

BYLINE: By Georgina Gustin ggustin@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8195

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 570 words


As more young, small-scale farmers launch into agriculture, many are stumbling
on a major obstacle: a lack of cash.

So the U.S. Department of Agriculture is stepping in to help. Last week,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced a "microloan" program that will
distribute loans of $35,000 or less in an effort smooth the path for first-time
farmers. The program is expected to distribute $100 million a year.

"This administration has really tried to create opportunity and to prioritize
different types of farms," said Juli Obudzinksi, of the National Sustainable
Agriculture Coalition, which pushed for the program and is supporting similar
provisions in the 2012 Farm Bill, which was recently extended for a year by
Congress. "I think this was a positive step. They're really making sure, as a
federal department, they're reaching all types of farmers."

The department estimates that 25 percent of the nation's 2 million farmers will
retire in the next 20 years, prompting Vilsack to call for hundreds of thousands
of new farmers to fill agriculture's ranks.

But these young or beginning farmers, many of whom neither come from a farming
background nor stand to inherit land, often have trouble accessing cash or
credit. A survey by the National Young Farmers Coalition, a New York-based
advocacy group, found that 78 percent of its members said a lack of cash was
their biggest challenge, while 40 percent said a lack of credit was a major
problem.

"I have met several small and beginning farmers, returning veterans and
disadvantaged producers interested in careers in farming who too often must rely
on credit cards or personal loans with high interest rates to finance their
startup operations," Vilsack said in a statement last week. "'By further
expanding access to credit to those just starting to put roots in farming, USDA
continues to help a new generation of farmers."

The program, first announced last year and finalized last week, will use funds
from an existing loan program administered by the Farm Service Agency. Since
2009, the agency had distributed $18 billion in loans and has increased the
number of loans to beginning farmers from 11,000 in 2008 to 15,000 in 2011.

Under the new loan program, however, applications will be streamlined, with
approval and distribution times considerably shortened.

The idea, the department has said, is to encourage small-scale growers,
particularly those who sell at farmers markets or through subscription,
direct-to-consumer arrangements.

"It's intended to fill the credit needs of smaller operations," Obudzinksi said.
"And it just so happens that young farmers, small farmers, are selling into
regional food systems and urban systems. Diversity growers tend to be on a
smaller scale."

The most recent figures available, from the 2007 Census of Agriculture, show
that the number of farms making $50,000 or less grew 6 percent in the preceding
decade. Since then, however, with a boom in farmers markets and the surging
appetite for locally and regionally produced food, more farmers have stepped in
to fill the niche.

The latest census, being conducted now, will likely reflect a much bigger spike
in small-scale farmers.

"It'll be interesting to see the shift," Obudzinksi said. "There are more small
farms, but large farms are getting larger. We're concerned about those farms in
the middle. We hope these loans are a stepping stone for small farmers to get
bigger."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 25, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Businesswoman gets a boost;
East Side Stories / Ann Rhod's Tailoring

BYLINE: By Harold McNeil - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 460 words


Annette Watts has been a fixture in her Kensington-Bailey neighborhood since
1980, two years after she first moved to Buffalo from her native Cleveland.

Since 1994, Watts has also been making her way as a businesswoman in the
neighborhood, fulfilling a longtime dream after first working at Delphi Harrison
in Lockport and later doing clothing alterations for a local dry cleaners.

"That was my main focus. I wanted my own business," said Watts.

Thanks to a $35,000 microloan from the Erie County Industrial Development
Agency, the proprietor of Ann Rhod's Tailoring at 3185 Bailey Ave. last month
moved into new digs, right next door to where her old shop had been located for
the past 17 years.

"I was in need of some funds, so it was suggested that I try that [route],"
Watts explained recently, while still doing alterations on a garment a half-hour
after she had officially closed for the day.

"The reason I was looking for funds was for this building. I bought it from the
owner, but I [also] took on the back taxes," Watts added. "Otherwise, I couldn't
get a loan."

Watts had only 375 square feet of working space in her old shop at 3181 Bailey.

"Over here, I have 1,100 square feet. That's including my little office space I
have now back there. So, yes, it's almost three times as big," she said, with a
laugh.

The loan also allowed her to purchase new sewing machines and install new
dressing rooms.

"I needed a nice waiting area with two nice-size dressing rooms, because my old
dressing rooms were too small," Watts said.

Nearly 20 years ago, Watts started her business as a seamstress, making dresses
and other garments for the sartorially savvy clients in her neighborhood who
make up the bulk of her customer base.

"It's been about 10 years since I stopped making clothes, because it was just
too much work for one person," she added.

Focusing just on alterations now, Watts has two part-time employees to help.

Watts said her mother taught her most of the tricks of the sewing trade. The
former Kent State University textiles major added that she still has the first
sewing machine that was given to her at age 16. She finally retired it in
February.

Watts passed on her skills to her 34-year old son, Rhodney. Initially, he was
supposed to help his mother run the business, hence the name: Ann Rhod
Tailoring.

"It's [a combination of] Annette and Rhodney," said Watts.

Though her son has since moved his family to Texas, Watts said she has made sure
to share her skills with her 13-year-old grandson, who she anticipates will help
at the shop when he visits this summer.

Have an idea for a person, organization or event that would make a good East
Side Story? E-mail it to eastsidestory@buffnews.com, fax it to 856-5150 or call
849-6026.

e-mail: hmcneil@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Lewis/Buffalo News Annette Watts, owner of Ann Rhods Tailoring,
received a $35,000 Erie County Industrial Development Agency microloan to help
expand her business at a new site, 3185 Bailey Ave.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 11, 2010 Saturday

For-profit microloans in crisis

BYLINE: Sara Lenz Deseret News

LENGTH: 951 words


PROVO ? Warner Woodworth worries that in some parts of the world, microfinancing
groups are turning into something they were supposed to combat: loan sharks. The
BYU professor, who has been teaching a class on microfinancing for over a
decade, says this is evident in places like southern India where microfinancing
is in a crisis state. There, people have been taking out more loans then they
can handle, forcing them to borrow even more to pay off mounting debt.

Last month, dozens of farmers in southeast India reportedly committed suicide
due to crushing debt, which prompted government officials there to lay down
stricter microfinancing laws.  But Woodworth believes the crisis could have been
avoided had microfinancing organizations not lost sight of why microloans were
invented in the first place, which was to help the poor who have trouble
borrowing at low interest rates. They turned from non-profit to profit, finding
for-profit microfinancing, in some instances, quite lucrative.  In the past
decade, Woodworth said, for-profit microfinancing has become "the rage." But
turning to this business model made many of these institutions focus more on
growth than on helping the poor.  Companies are upping their interest rates,
financing riskier loans and becoming more forceful in debt collection. They are
also offering less training to loan officers. "We started micro-financing to
counter loan sharks, but now we have come full circle," Woodworth said. But
Woodworth says because of the money people are making off of microfinancing
("off of the poor," he says), he is afraid more organizations in the U.S. will
turn to for-profit microfinancing, perhaps even in Utah, he says.  The largest
microfinancing organization in Utah, Utah Micro Enterprise Loan Fund, which has
given out hundreds of loans over the last 17 years in nine counties in the
state, is not contemplating such a change.  "If these loans were always
profitable, banks would do them," said Kathy Ricci, executive director of UMLF.
"There are too many risks associated with it. I don't see it as profitable."
Part of the reason is that unlike for-profit microfinancing institutions,
Ricci's organization is keeping interest rates between 8 to 10 percent, which is
what traditional microfinancing organizations try to do. Like for-profit
microfinancing institutions, though, UMLF gives out more pricey loans than would
traditional third world micro-enterprises. UMLF's minimum loan starts at $1,000
and goes up to $25,000 (and the company is hoping to get approval to give out as
much as $35,000 soon). While some microfinancing companies do business training
before deciding whether to give out a loan to a person or not, UMLF is just
focused on giving loans out.  But before they decide to give out a loan, they
also get to know the individuals by holding a meeting with them to go over their
business plan.  She said that because of the economy some of her clients have
had trouble paying back their loans. Instead of using scare tactics to get the
money out of them, her organization has extended the time to pay back loans and
lowered the amount of money owed per pay cycle for those clients. She said
during the recession the payback rate has gone from 90 percent to 83 percent.
But other microfinancing institutions in Utah have been hit even harder during
the recession. MicroBusiness Mentors, an all-volunteer microfinancing
organization run mostly by BYU students and based in Provo, said their payback
rate during the recession has dropped about 30 percent.  "The economy is
wreaking havoc on the poorest of the poor," said Woodsworth, who helped
MicroBusiness Mentors start up. Keven Stratton, manager of MicroBusiness
Mentors, said the organization gives out smaller loans, on average between $500
and $2000. They hold 9-week business classes and then have the clients present
their business models before they decide whether to give out a loan.  They also
have mentors that follow-up with the individuals who were given the loans to
help their businesses continue to grow. But Stratton said because of the low
percentage of payback rate currently, the organization will be changing its
model soon.  "We have tried to make the process as uncomplicated as possible,
but I'm not sure that is the best way to do it," Stratton said. "We want to make
sure the loans are a blessing and not a curse." One thing they are looking at
doing is giving out what are called group loans, where each member of a group
takes out a personal loan but collectively the group bears the burden of the
repayment.  For instance, if one person gets sick and can't go to work for a
couple of days and falls behind, the other members of the group will help pay
what he can't that month. Then the next month, he will try to pay back his
share. Woodworth said at least in other countries social contracts are often
more successful than individual contracts.  There are many skeptics who don't
think this model could work in the U.S. (as it is mainly done in third world
countries). But Grameen Bank, who pioneered microfinancing in the 70s, recently
started a pilot project of group loans in New York City and has had a 100
percent payback rate so far, said Woodsworth, who has followed the pilot program
closely and is friends with the owner. Woodworth said the fight will continue
though between the welfarists, who believe that donations will sustain
microfinancing, and the institutionalists, who have turned these type of
organizations into profit businesses.  "NGOs have to be focused on serving the
poor not in making money," Woodworth said. "I don't think you can do both. You
can't serve God and mammon." e-mail: slenz@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Harnessing talent key to overcoming poverty

BYLINE: Lane Anderson Deseret News

LENGTH: 933 words


By Lane Anderson

Deseret News

Outsourcing things like call center work and data entry to developing countries
has been a trend for a long time, but those are mostly low-skill, low-paying
jobs.

But what if talent in those countries was harnessed to learn more difficult,
highly compensated work? It could change lives and lift people out of poverty,
and that's what a Danish-based operation called CodersTrust is trying to do in
Bangladesh.

CodersTrust, which has a partnership with microfinancing organization Grameen
Bank, started by Nobel Peace Prize winner Dr. Muhammad Yunus, provides
microloans to students to help them upgrade their coding skills to compete with
tech talent around the world.

"People here understand that they can make money abroad in the freelancing
market," says Jan-Cayo Fiebig, co-founder and CFO at CodersTrust.

Much of the work currently available in Dhaka, Bangladesh, where Fiebig is
located, is poorly paid garment work or data entry, and wages get slashed to
cut-rate levels because of competition and underbidding.

By learning sought-after coding skills, coders can make five times more than the
low-wage jobs: "All they have to have is a laptop and willingness to learn."

Supply and demand

The demand for coding has exploded worldwide, and there's not enough talent to
meet it. It's expected that by 2020, even if every programmer in the U.S. were
working, there would still be a shortfall of over one million programmers to
fill international need.

Demand makes coding one of the best-paid jobs in the U.S. where programmers make
between $74,000 to $120,000 a year or more, according to the Bureau of Labor
Statistics.

Economists predicted long ago that low-cost Indian and Brazilian coders would
flood the coding market to meet demand, but that hasn't happened. Part of the
reason is that a career in coding requires a certain amount education, exposure
to technology and the ability to have options in one's life, and that rules out
many people in developing countries.

On top of that, programming is difficult work that requires a certain aptitude.
Some studies show that between 30 and 60 percent of university computer science
intake courses fail the introductory programming course.

Morten Lund, noted Danish venture capitalist who has helped start over 100
hi-tech startups, including Skype, co-founded CodersTrust because he had a hard
time finding qualified coders on Elance-oDesk, the popular freelance outsourcing
site where millions of coders vie for jobs.

The founders saw a big opportunity in the developing world to train highly
skilled coders, and created their microfinance organization to give low-wage
workers a chance at a better career, starting with a test group of 100 students
in Bangladesh.

Coding for cash

CodersTrust identifies promising programmers on Elance-oDesk and offers them a
chance to upgrade their skills in their online course module. Students get a
microloan of $1,320 in monthly increments. The courses take place online, and as
students pass classes, the payments increase.

The online training starts with an intense six-month kick off and continues for
up to three years. Once coders make it past the six-month mark, they can compete
for jobs on Elance-oDesk while they study and earn money.

One in 4 people in Bangladesh make less than $2 a day, and 39 million live below
the poverty line.

Shahnaz Jahan, a 23-year-old in Dhaka, is one of the first 100 CodersTrust
students. She graduated from Northern University in Bangladesh, with a degree in
computer science. Jobs are hard to come by in Bangladesh, she says, where there
are many educated young people and good jobs are in short supply.

She estimates that with her training she will eventually be able to make $1,000
a month, which, she says, "would be enough to happily support a family." Many
people in Bangladesh make as little as $100 a month, she says, which is not
enough even to support a single person.

Six months into her training, she has already been offered one job on
Elance-oDesk. The job is for a company in Tennessee and pays her $10 an hour for
seven hours a week. Before she might have worked for as little as $3 an hour.

Room to scale

The program is still in its first class, and there are bugs to be worked out.
CodersTrust is conducted online, but it is looking into live classes as well
because it is sometimes hard for instructors to see and understand a problem a
student is working on, says Jahan. But she says that has already increased her
skill set significantly.

Bangladesh is the home of Grameen, and the microfinance group has given loans to
24 million women in Bangladesh for things like chickens and small businesses.
The introduction of CodersTrust potentially takes microfinance into much more
sophisticated work with a much higher payout.

As in the United States, computer science is still largely the domain of men in
Bangladesh, and Jahan was one of only two women in her program at university.
She's also one of only two women in her CodersTrust cohort. She was attracted to
coding, she says "because she loves to solve problems; it's like a game," but
also because the pay is much higher than teaching or government work, which were
her other options.

CodersTrust is a test program for now, but Fiebig and the co-founders hope to
get 100,000 people on the platform by 2017 and expand to other cities. As the
first graduates pay back their loans there will be even more money in the pot to
invest in other up-and-coming coders, says Fiebig.

"Everything moves online," says Fiebig. Maybe even the solutions to poverty.

Email: laneanderson@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Washington: S.526 - A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for
expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes.

LENGTH: 105  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Congress has issued the following bill status:



 S.526 - A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded
participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes.115th Congress
(2017-2018) | Get alerts

 BillHide Overview icon-hide

 Sponsor:     Sen. Fischer, Deb [R-NE] (Introduced 03/02/2017)

 Committees:     Senate - Small Business and Entrepreneurship

 Latest Action:     03/02/2017 Read twice and referred to the Committee on Small
Business and Entrepreneurship.  (All Actions)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                            March 10, 2010 Wednesday

INDIA TO TRACK MICROLOAN BORROWERS

BYLINE: Eric Bellman

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 62 words


India's Microfinance Institutions Network will join with Credit Information
Bureau (India) and High Mark Credit Information Services to track millions of
borrowers in response to concerns that some of country's poorest borrowers may
be getting in over their heads; default rates on microloans are still below 2%
but concern is growing about borrowers taking multiple loans (M)

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Abstract

JOURNAL-CODE: WSJ

                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved
                           Information Bank Abstracts


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                            February 19, 2007 Monday

Loan charity needs you

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 91 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


A Chiswick charity which has given thousands of small loans to help people in
African countries, is looking for extra volunteers.

The MicroLoan Foundation will hold an informal volunteers drinks evening at
Carvosso's on Chiswick High Road on February 7, from 7pm onwards.

Amy Fairbairn, of the

MicroLoan Foundation, said: "We're lucky enough to have a great group of
volunteers, but we can always use more of them."

Visit microloanfoundation.

org.uk and to register your interest, email tom.hall@

microloanfoundation.org.uk or call 020 8996 1730.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday

Loan charity needs you

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 91 words

DATELINE: Hounslow Guardian


A Chiswick charity which has given thousands of small loans to help people in
African countries, is looking for extra volunteers.

The MicroLoan Foundation will hold an informal volunteers drinks evening at
Carvosso's on Chiswick High Road on February 7, from 7pm onwards.

Amy Fairbairn, of the

MicroLoan Foundation, said: "We're lucky enough to have a great group of
volunteers, but we can always use more of them."

Visit microloanfoundation.

org.uk and to register your interest, email tom.hall@

microloanfoundation.org.uk or call 020 8996 1730.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday

HEZBOLLAH FUND-RAISER'S MISSION: MONEY FOR BULLETS AND LOANS

BYLINE: ANDREW HIGGINS

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 76 words


Hussein al-Shami is fund-raiser and financial custodian for Hezbollah, which US
deems a terrorist organization, but he is also head of Hezbollah credit agency
that makes microloans to nurture culture of self-help capitalism that US
normally supports; Hezbollah's Al-Qard Al-Hassan Assn is Lebanon's largest maker
of microloans, with loans averaging $865 to more than 26,000 clients last year,
mainly to Shiite Muslims who support Hezbollah; drawing, graph (L)

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Combination

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Abstract

JOURNAL-CODE: WSJ

                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved
                           Information Bank Abstracts


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 9, 1994

Fleet Financial Funds $ 700MM Low-Mod

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


Fleet Financial Group has funded $ 695 million in loans for low- and moderate-
income families during the first quarter, through the INCITY program.

The program is an $ 8 billion loan access and outreach program announced earlier
this year.

Fleet has allocated $ 7.7 billion to affordable housing and related products and
services for low-to-moderate-Income customers over a three-year period.

In addition, the bank has a $ 300 million commitment in the community loan
program, of which $ 90 million has been set aside for small-business microloans.

Microloans range from $ 10,000 to $ 500,000 and the bank is concentrating on
making such loans to minority- and women-owned businesses.

The bank also has applied to establish a $ 15 million Fleet Community
Development Corp. to address the needs of small businesses and economic
development projects.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                          RECIPIENT: Mcpherson College
                             DONOR: Kiva Microloans


                         LAST UPDATED: October 23, 2013
                              DONATION YEAR: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  In-Kind
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Mcpherson College
TAXCODE:  48-0543736
URL:  http://www.mcpherson.edu
LOCATION:  Mcpherson, KS, 67460
CATEGORY:  Education

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Kiva Microloans
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                December 5, 2010

Observer Magazine: Life & Style: ETHICAL LIVING: The innovator: Vashti Richards,
microloan pioneer

BYLINE: Lucy Siegle

SECTION: OBSERVER MAGAZINE PAGES; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 264 words


Vashti Richards would rather you gave a loan than a goat this year. While other
ethical schemes invite you to send a goat to a developing world village, Deki
(deki.org.uk ) gives you the opportunity to offer a microloan. "Not everybody in
the developing world wants to be a goatherd," she explains.

Her scheme is named after a Tibetan refugee girl, Deki, whom her family
supported throughout her childhood. "When Deki wanted to begin a business as an
adult who had returned to Tibet, I was aware that it was very difficult for her
to access finance."

Since establishing the charity in 2008, 33-year-old Richards has organised for
400 UK-based lenders to loan nearly £ 25,000 to communities and individuals in
Ghana and Nepal. The loans have provided, for example, a sewing machine to make
clothes for a local market and a machine to help process shea butter. Deki takes
no commission on loans.

Up until Christmas morning you can buy your nearest and dearest a Deki gift
certificate (prices begin at £ 10) that will be emailed to them. The recipient
views the list of those in need of a loan and chooses where to direct their
gift. "The way people choose is so varied," says Richards, "sometimes they like
the underdog, sometimes they like the most innovative scheme."

The Ghanaian village has just paid off its loan for the shea-butter machine in
record time. Now the lender of that loan will decide whether to reinvest.
"That's the great thing about it," says Richards. "You can give an original £ 10
to someone and it can end up financing five schemes." It's the gift that keeps
on giving.


LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Many Borrowers of Microloans Now Find the Price Is Too High

BYLINE: By NEIL MacFARQUHAR; Elisabeth Malkin contributed reporting from Mexico
City.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2429 words


In recent years, the idea of giving small loans to poor people became the
darling of the development world, hailed as the long elusive formula to propel
even the most destitute into better lives.

Actors like Natalie Portman and Michael Douglas lent their boldface names to the
cause. Muhammad Yunus, the economist who pioneered the practice by lending small
amounts to basket weavers in Bangladesh, won a Nobel Peace Prize for it in 2006.
The idea even got its very own United Nations year in 2005.

But the phenomenon has grown so popular that some of its biggest proponents are
now wringing their hands over the direction it has taken. Drawn by the prospect
of hefty profits from even the smallest of loans, a raft of banks and financial
institutions now dominate the field, with some charging interest rates of 100
percent or more.

''We created microcredit to fight the loan sharks; we didn't create microcredit
to encourage new loan sharks,'' Mr. Yunus recently said at a gathering of
financial officials at the United Nations. ''Microcredit should be seen as an
opportunity to help people get out of poverty in a business way, but not as an
opportunity to make money out of poor people.''

The fracas over preserving the field's saintly aura centers on the question of
how much interest and profit is acceptable, and what constitutes exploitation.
The noisy interest rate fight has even attracted Congressional scrutiny, with
the House Financial Services Committee holding hearings this year focused in
part on whether some microcredit institutions are scamming the poor.

Rates vary widely across the globe, but the ones that draw the most concern tend
to occur in countries like Nigeria and Mexico, where the demand for small loans
from a large population cannot be met by existing lenders.

Unlike virtually every Web page trumpeting the accomplishments of microcredit
institutions around the world, the page for Te Creemos, a Mexican lender, lacks
even one testimonial from a thriving customer -- no beaming woman earning her
first income by growing a soap business out of her kitchen, for example. Te
Creemos has some of the highest interest rates and fees in the world of
microfinance, analysts say, a whopping 125 percent average annual rate.

The average in Mexico itself is around 70 percent, compared with a global
average of about 37 percent in interest and fees, analysts say. Mexican
microfinance institutions charge such high rates simply because they can get
away with it, said Emmanuelle Javoy, the managing director of Planet Rating, an
independent Paris-based firm that evaluates microlenders.

''They could do better; they could do a lot better,'' she said. ''If the ones
that are very big and have the margins don't set the pace, then the rest of the
market follows.''

Manuel Ramirez, director of risk and internal control at Te Creemos, reached by
telephone in Mexico City, initially said there had been some unspecified
''misunderstanding'' about the numbers and asked for more time to clarify, but
then stopped responding.

Unwitting individuals, who can make loans of $20 or more through Web sites like
Kiva or Microplace, may also end up participating in practices some consider
exploitative. These Web sites admit that they cannot guarantee every interest
rate they quote. Indeed, the real rate can prove to be markedly higher.

Debating Microloans' Effects

Underlying the issue is a fierce debate over whether microloans actually lift
people out of poverty, as their promoters so often claim. The recent conclusion
of some researchers is that not every poor person is an entrepreneur waiting to
be discovered, but that the loans do help cushion some of the worst blows of
poverty.

''The lesson is simply that it didn't save the world,'' Dean S. Karlan, a
professor of economics at Yale University, said about microlending. ''It is not
the single transformative tool that proponents have been selling it as, but
there are positive benefits.''

Still, its earliest proponents do not want its reputation tarnished by new
investors seeking profits on the backs of the poor, though they recognize that
the days of just earning enough to cover costs are over.

''They call it 'social investing,' but nobody has a definition for social
investing, nobody is saying, for example, that you have to make less than 10
percent profit,'' said Chuck Waterfield, who runs mftransparency.org, a Web site
that promotes transparency and is financed by big microfinance investors.

Making pots of money from microfinance is certainly not illegal. CARE, the
Atlanta-based humanitarian organization, was the force behind a microfinance
institution it started in Peru in 1997. The initial investment was around $3.5
million, including $450,000 of  taxpayer money. But last fall, Banco de Credito,
one of Peru's largest banks, bought the business for $96 million, of which CARE
pocketed $74 million.

''Here was a sale that was good for Peru, that was good for our broad social
mission and advertising the price of the sale wasn't the point of the
announcement,'' Helene Gayle, CARE's president, said. Ms. Gayle described the
new owners as committed to the same social mission of alleviating poverty and
said CARE expected to use the money to extend its own reach in other countries.

The microfinance industry, with over $60 billion in assets, has unquestionably
outgrown its charitable roots. Elisabeth Rhyne, who runs the Center for
Financial Inclusion, said in Congressional testimony this year that banks and
finance firms served 60 percent of all clients. Nongovernmental organizations
served 35 percent of the clients, she said, while credit unions and rural banks
had 5 percent of the clients.

Private capital first began entering the microfinance arena about a decade ago,
but it was not until Compartamos, a Mexican firm that began life as a tiny
nonprofit organization, generated $458 million through a public stock sale in
2007, that investors fully recognized the potential for a windfall, experts
said.

Although the Compartamos founders pledged to plow the money back into
development, analysts say the high interest rates and healthy profits of
Compartamos, the largest microfinance institution in the Western Hemisphere with
1.2 million active borrowers, push up interest rates all across Mexico.

According to the Microfinance Information Exchange, a Web site known as the Mix,
where more than 1,000 microfinance companies worldwide report their own numbers,
Compartamos charges an average of nearly 82 percent in interest and fees. The
site's global data comes from 2008.

But poor borrowers are often too inexperienced and too harried to understand
what they are being charged, experts said. In Mexico City, Maria Vargas has
borrowed larger and larger amounts from Compartamos over  20 years to expand her
T-shirt factory to 25 sewing machines from 5. She is hazy about what interest
rate she actually pays, though she considers it high.

''The interest rate is important, but to be honest, you can get so caught up in
work that there is no time to go fill out paperwork in another place,'' she
said. After several loans, now a simple phone call to Compartamos gets her a
check the next day, she said. Occasionally, interest rates spur political
intervention. In Nicaragua, President Daniel Ortega, outraged that interest
rates there were hovering around 35 percent in 2008, announced that he would
back a microfinance institution that would charge 8 to 10 percent, using
Venezuelan money.

There were scattered episodes of setting aflame microfinance branches before a
national ''We're not paying'' campaign erupted, which was widely believed to be
mounted secretly by the Sandinista government. After the courts stopped forcing
small borrowers to repay, making international financial institutions hesitant
to work with Nicaragua, the campaign evaporated.

A Push for More Transparency

The microfinance industry is pushing for greater transparency among its members,
but says that most microlenders are honest, with experts putting the number of
dubious institutions anywhere from less than 1 percent to more than 10 percent.
Given that competition has a pattern of lowering interest rates worldwide, the
industry prefers that approach to government intervention. Part of the problem,
however, is that all kinds of institutions making loans plaster them with the
''microfinance'' label because of its do-good reputation.

Damian von Stauffenberg, who founded an independent rating agency called
Microrate, said that local conditions had to be taken into account, but that any
firm charging 20 to 30 percent above the market was ''unconscionable'' and that
profit rates above 30 percent should be considered high.

Mr. Yunus says interest rates should be 10 to 15 percent above the cost of
raising the money, with anything beyond  a ''red zone'' of loan sharking. ''We
need to draw a line between genuine and abuse,'' he said. ''You will never see
the situation of poor people if you look at it through the glasses of
profit-making.''

Yet by that measure, 75 percent of microfinance institutions would fall into Mr.
Yunus's ''red zone,'' according to a March analysis of 1,008 microlenders by
Adrian Gonzalez, lead researcher at the Mix. His study found that much of the
money from interest rates was used to cover operating expenses, and argued that
tackling costs, as opposed to profits, could prove the most efficient way to
lower interest rates.

Many experts label Mr. Yunus's formula overly simplistic and too low, a route to
certain bankruptcy in countries with high operating expenses. Costs of doing
business in Asia and the sheer size of the Grameen Bank he founded in Bangladesh
allow for economies of scale that keep costs down, analysts say. ''Globally
interest rates have been going down as a general trend,'' said Ms. Javoy of
Planet Rating.

Many companies say the highest rates reflect the costs of reaching the poorest,
most inaccessible borrowers. It costs more to handle 10 loans of $100 than one
loan of $1,000. Some analysts fear that a pronounced backlash against high
interest rates will prompt lenders to retreat from the poorest customers.

But experts also acknowledge that banks and others who dominate the industry are
slow to address problems.

Added Scrutiny for Lenders

Like Mexico, Nigeria attracts scrutiny for high interest rates. One firm, LAPO,
Lift Above Poverty Organization, has raised questions, particularly since it was
backed by prominent investors like Deutsche Bank and the Calvert Foundation.

LAPO, considered the leading microfinance institution in Nigeria, engages in a
contentious industry practice sometimes referred to as ''forced savings.'' Under
it, the lender keeps a portion of the loan. Proponents argue that it helps the
poor learn to save, while critics call it exploitation since borrowers do not
get the entire amount up front but pay interest on the full loan.

LAPO collected these so-called savings from its borrowers without a legal permit
to do so, according to a Planet Rating report. ''It was known to everybody that
they did not have the right license,'' Ms. Javoy said.

Under outside pressure, LAPO announced in 2009 that it was decreasing its
monthly interest rate, Planet Rating noted, but at the same time compulsory
savings were quietly raised to 20 percent of the loan from 10 percent. So, the
effective interest rate for some clients actually leapt to nearly 126 percent
annually from 114 percent, the report said. The average for all LAPO clients was
nearly 74 percent in interest and fees, the report found.

Anita Edward says she has borrowed money three times from LAPO for her hair
salon, Amazing Collections, in Benin City, Nigeria. The money comes cheaper than
other microloans, and commercial banks are virtually impossible, she said, but
she resents the fact that LAPO demanded that she keep $100 of her roughly $666
10-month loan in a savings account while she paid interest on the full amount.

''That is not O.K. by me,'' she said. ''It is not fair. They should give you the
full money.''

The loans from LAPO helped her expand from one shop to two, but when she started
she thought she would have more money to put into the business.

''It has improved my life, but not changed it,'' said Ms. Edward, 30.

Godwin Ehigiamusoe, LAPO's founding executive director, defended his company's
high interest rates, saying they reflected the high cost of doing business in
Nigeria. For example, he said, each of the company's more than 200 branches
needed its own generator and fuel to run it.

Until recently, Microplace, which is part of eBay, was promoting LAPO to
individual investors, even though the Web site says the lenders it features have
interest rates between 18 and 60 percent, considerably less than what LAPO
customers typically pay.

As recently as February, Microplace also said that LAPO had a strong rating from
Microrate, yet the rating agency had suspended LAPO the previous August, six
months earlier. Microplace then removed the rating after The New York Times
called to inquire why it was still being used and has since taken LAPO
investments off the Web site.

At Kiva, which promises on its Web site that it ''will not partner with an
organization that charges exorbitant interest rates,'' the interest rate and
fees for LAPO was recently advertised as 57 percent, the average rate from 2007.
After The Times  called to inquire, Kiva changed it to 83 percent.

Premal Shah, Kiva's president, said it was a question of outdated information
rather than deception. ''I would argue that the information is stale as opposed
to misleading,'' he said. ''It could have been a tad better.''

While analysts characterize such microfinance Web sites as well-meaning, they
question whether the sites sufficiently vetted the organizations they promoted.

Questions had already been raised about Kiva because the Web site once promised
that loans would go to specific borrowers identified on the site, but later
backtracked, clarifying that the money went to organizations rather than
individuals.

Promotion aside, the overriding question facing the industry, analysts say,
remains how much money investors should make from lending to poor people, mostly
women, often at interest rates that are hidden.

''You can make money from the poorest people in the world -- is that a bad
thing, or is that just a business?'' asked Mr. Waterfield of mftransparency.org.
''At what point do we say we have gone too far?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 16, 2010



CORRECTION: A picture caption on Wednesday with an article about high interest
rates and fees on small loans to poor people misstated the annualized interest
rate paid by Rosa Gonzalez Abad, a borrower in Mexico City shown in the
photograph. While analysts have calculated that Compartamos, Ms. Abad's lender,
charged an average of nearly 82 percent in interest and fees in 2008, the most
recent year available, Ms. Abad said she was not sure that was her own
annualized rate.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Rosa Gonzalez Abad pays nearly 82 percent in interest and fees
on a microloan. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ADRIANA ZEHBRAUSKAS) (A1)
ANITA EDWARD, a hair salon owner in Nigeria. She was required to keep part of
her $666 loan in a savings account while she paid interest on all of it.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JANE HAHN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 MARIA VARGAS, a T-shirt factory owner in Mexico City who says her fees are
high. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ADRIANA ZEHBRAUSKAS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A10) CHART:
Big Banks and Microfinance: Banks and finance firms, rather than nonprofit
groups, serve the majority of microfinance clients. (Source: Center for
Financial Inclusion) (A10)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           January 17, 2009 Saturday

New microloan fund to benefit local farmers

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 540 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Through all the years that Strolling of the Heifers founder Orly
Munzing has been supporting local agriculture, she has always listened to what
the farmers had to say.

A few years ago, she heard that farmers were not able to get the short-term
loans that they sometimes need to get them through a rough stretch.

So Munzing started talking to banks, nonprofits and corporate donors. On
Thursday at a special meeting, she announced the formation of the Strolling of
the Heifers Microloan Fund for New England Farmers.

The Strolling of the Heifers is partnering with The Carrot Project, a
Massachusetts agriculture nonprofit, to provide loans of up to $10,000 to
farmers in Vermont and western Massachusetts.

The pilot project is going to accept applications until Feb. 7 this year, with
the hopes of extending the loans to farmers all over New England in the coming
years.

"Sometimes credit is not available quickly when farmers need it," said Vermont
Agriculture Secretary Roger Allbee while introducing the program to a small
group of farmers who came out for the meeting. "This will allow people who need
to have something done to use the money to move forward with their operation."

The fund is geared specifically to small farmers and only farms with 250 or
fewer acres and an annual gross revenue of $250,000 or less will be considered.
Organic and sustainable farms that produce goods for local markets will also
have preferential access to the money.

"Two years ago when I sat with farmers and asked them what else The Strolling of
the Heifers can do, they all said they would like to have an easier way to
borrow money," Munzing said. "It is easier for farmers in India to borrow money
than it is here, and hopefully this fund will help with that."

After Munzing decided to try to get the loan program off the ground, she heard
about the similar Massachusetts group, The Carrot Project, which was also just
beginning to start a similar program.

Carrot Project executive director Dorothy Suput said at the meeting that 25
percent of the small and medium farms that apply for short-term loans are
denied, and start up farms and agriculture operations get rejected about 40
percent of the time.

Suput, who was just starting to seek the capital to open the fund in
Massachusetts, said the stars aligned when Munzing contacted her about what was
going on in Vermont.

"Research has shown that there is a gap for small and medium farmers to get the
financing they need," Suput said. "We need a program for farmers to fill that
financing gap."

Suput said the fund's focus on small to medium sized farms in Vermont and
western Massachusetts will allow the group to make sure the operations that
truly need the capital have access to it.

"Farmers are often denied because of their credit history or collateral," she
said. "We will be able to have more flexibility to help them."

The fund is starting with $150,000, and Chittenden Bank will service the loans.

A portion of the loan money came from two concerts put on last year by Pete
Seeger and his family.

Information on the loan fund can be found at www.strollingoftheheifers.com and
www.thecarrotproject.org .

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Small Business Administration Microloan Program

LENGTH: 134  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Small Business Administration
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of SBA District Offices is located on the program website.
Purpose

The Small Business Administration Microloan Program provides funds to
intermediary lenders to run lending programs that help small businesses and
nonprofit childcare centers start up and expand.

Intermediary lenders offer loans for:

Working capital
    Inventory or supplies
    Furniture or fixtures
    Machinery or equipment

Eligibility

Small businesses and certain childcare centers are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Loan amounts and terms vary.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 947 words


TEA ROOM EXPANDS: The White Heron, 6228 Grand Blvd., New Port Richey, needed
more room. In the meantime, next door, Karen and Ed LeGault, owners of Karen's
Gifts, 6232 Grand Blvd., decided it was time to retire after 23 years. Kelly
Hackman renamed her business White Heron Tea & Gifts and now occupies both
spaces. "When they looked to retire, we were so honored that they would discuss
options with us to help carry on their legacy," said Hackman. "It is so
important to us to maintain the foundation that they have built, but also to add
our little White Heron touch to things." The gift shop is open from 10 a.m. to 6
p.m. Tuesday through Thursday and from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays.
The team room is open for reservations each day at noon, 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. For
information, visit thewhiteheronfl.com or call (727) 203-3504.

* * *

Who's news

CHAMBER INSTALLS 2017 OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS: The Greater Dade City Chamber of
Commerce recently installed officers and directors for 2017. Members of the
executive board include: Randy Surber, president; Shauna McKinnon,
president-elect; Jason Sasser, vice president; Steve Hickman, treasurer; Kelly
Sinn, secretary, and Randy Stovall, past president. Members of the board of
directors include: Bob Larkin, Bobby Van Allen, Carolyn Hodges, Cliff Martin,
Lisa Richardson, David West, Eric Weekes, Frank Notarianni, Jean Nathe, Jimmy
Adcock, Krista Covey, Pete Odom, Sister Roberta Bailey and Todd Batchelor. The
2016 President's Award was presented to Mayor Camille Hernandez for her
commitment to help advance the cause of Dade City and for her support of the
chamber's work. The award was presented by Stovall, outgoing president.

PASCO EDC NAMES EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE: The Pasco Economic Development Council
recently announced the members of its board of directors executive committee for
the 2016-17 fiscal year, which began Oct. 1. Committee members include: Jimmy
Adcock, chairman; Keith Appenzeller, vice chairman; Kristi Cheatham Pettit,
secretary/treasurer, and Barbara Wilhite, immediate past chairman. New at-large
board members include: Steve Hickman and Ken West. For information,, visit
PascoEDC.com or call (813) 926-0827.

* * 8

Events

JOB SEARCH WORKSHOPS: Pasco-Hernando State College will host a series of job
search strategy workshops from 3:30 to 4:45 p.m. on Mondays during November in
Room A205 at the West Campus, 10230 Ridge Road, New Port Richey. The series is
free and open to the public and is designed to help job-seekers overcome the
challenges of finding employment and to refine interviewing skills.

- Job Search Strategies, Nov. 7.

- Resume Tips, Nov. 14.

- Interviewing Skills & Tips, Nov. 21.

For information, call Jacqueline Eden at (727) 816-3334.

HIRING FAIR FOR VETERANS: CareerSource Pasco Hernando will host its fourth
annual Paychecks for Patriots, a special hiring fair for local veterans, at 10
a.m. Nov. 8 at Pasco-Hernando State College, 420 Beverly Court, Spring Hill. For
information, call (352) 277-6976.

COMMUNITY & BUSINESS EXPO: The Dade City Chamber of Commerce will host the
Community & Business Expo, presented by Saint Leo University, from 4 to 7 p.m.
Nov. 10 at Dan Cannon Auditorium at the Pasco County Fairgrounds, 36722 State
Road 52, Dade City. Participants are invited to promote their businesses or
community groups. Information is available at dadecitychamber.org. The expo,
which will feature more than 60 local exhibitors, entertainment, demonstrations,
food samples and door prizes, is free and open to the community. For
information, call the chamber at (352) 567-3769.

COUNTRY FAIR: Women's Connection of New Port Richey will present its annual
Country Fair from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Nov. 12 at Spartan Manor, 6121 Massachusetts
Ave., New Port Richey. The fair will be followed by a luncheon. The event
includes music, door prizes, baked goods, a dollar table, a silent auction and
raffles. The speaker will be Barbara Hatterner. The cost is $15 and includes the
fair and luncheon. To RSVP, call Linda at (727) 856-4042 or Anita at (727)
863-2126.

* * *

Building skills

SMALL BUSINESS SEMINAR: Pasco Hernando SCORE is presenting a series of free
small business seminars.

- Marketing to Grow Your Business, 5 to 7 p.m. Nov. 8 at Zephyrhills Branch
Library, 5347 8th St., Zephyrhills.

- Financial Tips for Your Small Business, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Nov. 8 at Land
O'Lakes Branch Library, 2818 Collier Parkway, Land O'Lakes.

- Legal Issues for Small Business, 5 to 7 p.m. Nov. 15 at Zephyrhills Branch
Library, 5347 8th St., Zephyrhills.

- How to Apply for a Business Loan, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Nov. 15 at Centennial Park
Branch Library, 5740 Moog Road, Holiday.

- Creating a Successful Business Plan, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Nov. 15 at Hudson
Regional Library, 8012 Library Road, Hudson.

- How to Really Start Your Own Business, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Nov. 17 at New River
Branch Library, 34043 State Road 54, Wesley Chapel.

- Introduction to QuickBooks, 5 to 7 p.m. Nov. 30 at Spring Hill Branch/Harold
G. Zopp Memorial Library, 9220 Spring Hill Drive, Spring Hill.

- How to Really Start Your Own Business, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Nov. 30 at South
Holiday Branch Library, 4649 Mile Stretch Drive, Holiday.

To register and for information, visit pascohernando.score.org and click on the
Local Workshops tab or call the SCORE office at (727) 842-4638.

If you have business announcements you would like to share, mail the details to
Jean Hamilton, Business Digest, Pasco Times, 11321 U.S. 19, Port Richey, FL
34668. You may also email items to jhamilton@tampabay.com or fax them to (352)
754-6133. Submitted items may be edited for length and clarity. Photos are
published as space permits; they will not be returned.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Courtesy of Jennifer Lachtara: SUNTRUST SUPPORTS PASCO EDC:
Skip Miller, right, SunTrust Bank senior vice president, recently presented Bill
Cronin, Pasco Economic Development Council president/CEO, with a check for
$5,000 to support the Pasco EDC's Microloan Fund. "SunTrust has been an active
supporter of Pasco EDC and the Microloan program for many years," said Cronin.
"We are fortunate to have strong community partners like SunTrust to help us
achieve our mission to stimulate balanced and diversified business growth in
Pasco County."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                thejournal.co.uk

                      January 26, 2014 Sunday 9:41 PM GMT

North East support agency sees hike in loan applications;
Entrust, which was set up more than 30 years ago, has already received 15
applications to the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund totalling
£248,000 in the first two weeks of 2014

BYLINE: By Peter Leathley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 246 words


A business support and enterprise agency has experienced its busiest start to
the year after a hike in loan applications.

Entrust, which was set up more than 30 years ago, has already received 15
applications to the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund totalling
£248,000 in the first two weeks of 2014, compared to eight in the same period
last year.

The development supports reports suggesting economic activity is at its highest
since the start of the recession and confidence levels are slowly returning
within SMEs across the region.

Peter Gilson, head of funds and investment at Entrust, said: "Applications came
in steadily in the last quarter of 2013 and this further increase in loan
applications from both entrepreneurs who are looking to start a business and
established owner-managers has been pleasing to see.

"The banks may be saying they are lending but we are hearing differently and
continue to receive enquiries from a range of sole traders, limited companies
and partnerships.

"We have over £2m to lend to up to 200 North East businesses this year with
amounts from £1,000 right through to £25,000.

"We are perfectly placed to support those looking to launch or grow a business
and also those finding it difficult to secure mainstream finance.

"We even have packages that work for third sector organisations too.

"People should get in touch now to make the most of this opportunity while the
money is there as it is going quickly now confidence is on the up."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBTJN


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Dallas Banks Team Up for Business 'Microloans'

                            December 6, 1999, Monday

By CRAIG WOKER


Six Dallas community banks are teaming up to make small start-up loans in the
city's poor Southern Sector.

Each bank has committed $25,000 to establish a nonprofit Bankers' Working
Capital Coalition Inc.

Beginning early next year, the coalition will make "microloans" of $5,000 to
$20,000 to low- and moderate-income people who want to start their own
businesses and are willing to complete a 10-week entrepreneur training course.
Some of the loans could also go to recent start-ups.

The course will be offered by the John C. Ford Program Inc., a nonprofit that
provides free business and job training in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.

"This is strictly a group of independent banks focusing on investing in the
community by helping small businesses get started," said Joe Goyne, president of
$127 million-asset Lone Star Bank. "There are businesses out there in low- and
moderate-income areas that don't need $50,000 or $75,000 even if they could get
it. But they need $10,000 or so to get off the ground."

Though community banks have sometimes pooled resources to make larger loans,
this program focuses on credit lines small enough for banks to extend by
themselves. Many banks are reluctant to make business loans much smaller than
$20,000, however, especially to start-ups in the city's Southern Sector, where
four-fifths of such enterprises fail, according to Ford Program statistics.

With the Working Capital Coalition, banks have less risk because the loans are
made through a nonprofit organization.

"There's some mom-and-pop shops that banks often haven't been interested in --
the caterers and the commercial cleaners that are just starting up," said
Jacqueline Varma, the Ford Program's executive director.

The banks believe program graduates will have a better chance of business
success than the area's general population. Of the businesses formed by Ford
Program graduates since 1996, when the program started, 92% are still open, Ms.
Varma said.

But only 25% of the program's 500 graduates have actually started a business,
primarily because of financing obstacles. Of the success stories, many business
founders had decades of experience and sophisticated skills, reducing their
credit risk.

For instance, Enrique Ordonez had worked for 34 years as an aerial photographer
before joining the program this year in the hopes of making his fledgling
business, North Texas Aerial Surveys, a success.

"I wanted to get more grounding in business practices -- how to find clients and
make contacts," Mr. Ordonez said.

The community banks want to open the door to even more ventures.

"This program has done very well at providing people with a good basis to start
a business," said Chris Newtown, a senior vice president at $92 million-asset
Abrams Centre National Bank. "After people graduated from the program, they had
good skills and a basis to start a business, but they didn't have the capital to
get started."

Besides Lone Star and Abrams, the coalition banks are First Mercantile Bank,
North Dallas Bank and Trust, Signature Bank, and Texas Capital Bank.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY/REGIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 531 words

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                           LAST UPDATED: May 24, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


               RECIPIENT: NeighborWorks America Dba Neighborhood
                               Reinvestment Corp
                        DONOR: Sba - Microloan Ta Grant


                        LAST UPDATED: February 16, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Other
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  NeighborWorks America Dba Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp
TAXCODE:  52-1148078
URL:  http://www.neighborworks.org
LOCATION:  Washington, DC, 20005
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba - Microloan Ta Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                        LAST UPDATED: November 18, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2013

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                         LAST UPDATED: October 18, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2012

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                           LAST UPDATED: July 2, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2013

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                         LAST UPDATED: October 30, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                         LAST UPDATED: October 26, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2011

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
                     DONOR: Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba


                         LAST UPDATED: January 30, 2017
                              DONATION YEAR: 2015

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 50,000+

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Womens Economic Self-sufficiency Team Corp
TAXCODE:  85-0367809
URL:  http://www.wesst.org
LOCATION:  Albuquerque, NM, 87102
CATEGORY:  Community Improvement

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sba Microloan Program, U.S. Sba
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Wise Giving Wednesday: Microloans, Poverty and Charitable Giving

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: BBB Wise Giving Alliance has issued the following news release:



 Today, as the U.S. Federal Reserve is set to announce the first interest rate
hike in almost 10 years, many point to this as a sign of a healthy, growing
economy. The implications of this change on lending in America brings to mind
the "microloan" approach to alleviating poverty, which involves lending small
amounts to individuals, some as low as $25 or $100, to help them start a small
business, afford going to school, or accomplish other activities to help them
improve their lives.





 While there is no universal agreement on the best way to address poverty, the
diversity of available options among charities provide opportunities that help
people in their struggle to improve their situation for themselves and their
children. We encourage donors to find out more about the charities they choose
to support and learn how they are seeking to address the problems they describe
so well.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


              RECIPIENT: Florida Gulf Coast University Foundation
              DONOR: Collier County MicroLoan Enterprise / Banking
                                  Partnership


                         LAST UPDATED: January 14, 2013
                              DONATION YEAR: 2008

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Cumulative
DONATION RANGE:  USD 25,000 - 99,999

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Florida Gulf Coast University Foundation
TAXCODE:  65-0403969
URL:  http://www.fgcu.edu
LOCATION:  Fort Myers, FL, 33965
CATEGORY:  Education

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Collier County MicroLoan Enterprise / Banking Partnership
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014
