
                                1 of 1 DOCUMENT



                                US Official News

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Enterprise Duty To Serve Underserved Markets

LENGTH: 54557  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington:a Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   Federal Housing Finance Agency
----------------------------------------------------------------------- 12 CFR
Part 1282 Enterprise Duty To Serve Underserved Markets; Proposed Rule Federal
Register / Vol. 80, No. 243 / Friday, December 18, 2015 / Proposed Rules [[Page
79182]] -----------------------------------------------------------------------
FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY 12 CFR Part 1282 RIN 2590-AA27 Enterprise Duty To
Serve Underserved Markets AGENCY: Federal Housing Finance Agency. ACTION: Notice
of proposed rulemaking; request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (HERA) amended the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (Safety and Soundness
Act) to establish a duty for the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie
Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) (collectively,
the Enterprises) to serve three specified underserved markets--manufactured
housing, affordable housing preservation, and rural markets--to increase the
liquidity of mortgage investments and improve the distribution of investment
capital available for mortgage financing for very low-, low- , and
moderate-income families in those markets.

The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) is issuing and seeking comments on a
proposed rule that would provide Duty to Serve credit for eligible Enterprise
activities that facilitate a secondary market for mortgages related to:
Manufactured homes titled as real property; blanket loans for certain categories
of manufactured housing communities; preserving the affordability of housing for
renters and homebuyers; and housing in rural markets. The proposed rule would
establish a method for evaluating and rating the Enterprises' compliance with
the Duty to Serve each underserved market. DATES: Written comments must be
received on or before March 17, 2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit your comments,
identified by regulatory information number (RIN) 2590-AA27, by any of the
following methods:  Agency Web site: www.fhfa.gov/open-for-comment-or-input.

      Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the instructions for submitting comments. If you submit your

 comment to the Federal eRulemaking Portal, please also send it by email

 to FHFA at RegComments@fhfa.gov to ensure timely receipt by FHFA.

 Please include ``Comments/RIN 2590-AA27'' in the subject line of the

 submission.

      Hand Delivered/Courier: The hand delivery address is:

 Alfred M. Pollard, General Counsel, Attention: Comments/RIN 2590-AA27,

 Federal Housing Finance Agency, Eighth Floor, 400 7th Street SW.,

 Washington, DC 20219. The package should be delivered at the 7th Street

 entrance Guard Desk, First Floor, on business days between 9 a.m. and 5

 p.m.

      U.S. Mail, United Parcel Service, Federal Express, or

 Other Mail Service: The mailing address for comments is: Alfred M.

 Pollard, General Counsel, Attention: Comments/RIN 2590-AA27, Federal

 Housing Finance Agency, Eighth Floor, 400 7th Street SW., Washington,

 DC 20219. Please note that all mail sent to FHFA via U.S. Mail is

 routed through a national irradiation facility, a process that may

 delay delivery by approximately two weeks.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Jim Gray, Manager, Office of Housing

 and Regulatory Policy, (202) 649-3124, or Mike Price, Senior Policy

 Analyst, Office of Housing and Regulatory Policy, (202) 649-3134. These

 are not toll-free numbers. The mailing address for each contact is:

 Federal Housing Finance Agency, 400 7th Street SW., Washington, DC

 20219. The telephone number for the Telecommunications Device for the

 Hearing Impaired is (800) 877-8339.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 I. Comments



     FHFA invites comments on all aspects of this proposed rule, in

 addition to specific questions provided throughout, and will take all

 comments into consideration before issuing the final rule. Commenters

 do not need to answer each question. While FHFA has considered the

 views commenters submitted on the Duty to Serve proposed rule issued in

 2010 in preparing this proposed rule, in view of the significant

 differences between this proposed rule and the 2010 Duty to Serve

 proposed rule, commenters on the previous proposed rule must submit a

 new comment letter on this new proposed rule for their comments to be

 further considered. Copies of all comments received will be posted

 without change, including any personal information you provide, such as

 your name, address, email address and telephone number, on FHFA's Web

 site at http://www.fhfa.gov. In addition, copies of all comments

 received will be available for examination by the public on business

 days between the hours of 10 a.m. and 3 p.m., at the Federal Housing

 Finance Agency, Eighth Floor, 400 7th Street, SW., Washington, DC

 20219. To make an appointment to inspect comments, please call the

 Office of General Counsel at (202) 649-3804.



 II. Background



 A. Statutory Background



     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Enterprises ``have

 an affirmative obligation to facilitate the financing of affordable

 housing for low- and moderate-income families.'' \1\ Section 1129 of

 HERA amended section 1335 of the Safety and Soundness Act to establish

 a duty for the Enterprises to serve three specified underserved

 markets, to increase the liquidity of mortgage investments and improve

 the distribution of investment capital available for mortgage financing

 for certain categories of borrowers in those markets.\2\ Specifically,

 the Enterprises are required to provide leadership in developing loan

 products and flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary

 market for mortgages on housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-

 income families for manufactured housing, affordable housing

 preservation, and rural markets.\3\ In addition, section 1335(d)(1)

 requires FHFA to establish, by regulation, a method for evaluating and

 rating the Enterprises' compliance with the Duty to Serve underserved

 markets.\4\ FHFA is required to separately evaluate each Enterprise's

 compliance with respect to each underserved market, taking into

 consideration the following:

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \1\ 12 U.S.C. 4501(7).

     \2\ 12 U.S.C. 4565.

     \3\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(a). The terms ``very low-income,'' ``low-

 income,'' and ``moderate-income'' are defined in 12 U.S.C. 4502.

     \4\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(d)(1).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     (i) The Enterprise's development of loan products, more flexible

 underwriting guidelines, and other innovative approaches to providing

 financing to each of the underserved markets (hereafter, the ``loan

 product assessment factor'');

     (ii) The extent of the Enterprise's outreach to qualified loan

 sellers and other market participants in each of the underserved

 markets (hereafter, the ``outreach assessment factor'');

     (iii) The volume of loans purchased by the Enterprise in each

 underserved market relative to the market opportunities available to

 the Enterprise, except that the Director shall not establish specific

 quantitative targets or evaluate the Enterprise based solely on the

 volume of loans purchased (hereafter, the ``loan purchase assessment

 factor''); and

     (iv) The amount of investments and grants by the Enterprise in

 projects



 [[Page 79183]]



 which assist in meeting the needs of the underserved markets

 (hereafter, the ``investments and grants assessment factor'').\5\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \5\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(d)(2).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The Duty to Serve provisions and issues for consideration are

 discussed further below.



 B. Conservatorship



     On September 6, 2008, the Director of FHFA appointed FHFA as

 conservator of the Enterprises in accordance with the Safety and

 Soundness Act to maintain the Enterprises in a safe and sound financial

 condition and to help assure performance of their public mission. Since

 the establishment of FHFA as conservator, the Enterprises have returned

 to profitability. Through December 31, 2014, the Enterprises have paid

 a total of $225 billion in dividends payments to the U.S. Department of

 the Treasury on the senior preferred stock.\6\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \6\ See White House, ``Fiscal Year 2016 of the U.S. Government

 Analytical Perspectives,'' at 307 (2015), available at
https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/budget/fy2016/assets/ap_20_cr
edit.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     While the Enterprises are in conservatorships, the law requires and

 FHFA expects them to continue to fulfill their core statutory purposes,

 which include their support for affordable housing. The Enterprise

 affordable housing goals have continued throughout the

 conservatorships, with modifications to the levels of the goals. FHFA

 now proposes a rule to implement the Enterprises' Duty to Serve

 underserved markets. Consistent with the conservatorships, Enterprise

 support for affordable housing must be accomplished within the confines

 of safety and soundness and the goals of conservatorship. The

 Enterprises' 2015 Conservatorship Scorecard requires the Enterprises to

 make progress in preparing to implement the Duty to Serve, prior to

 this rulemaking.



 C. Regulatory History



 1. Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking

     The rulemaking for the Duty to Serve commenced in August 2009 with

 FHFA's publication in the Federal Register of an Advance Notice of

 Proposed Rulemaking (ANPR) on the Enterprise Duty to Serve underserved

 markets.\7\ FHFA received 100 comment letters in response to the ANPR.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \7\ See 74 FR 38572 (Aug. 4, 2009).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 2. 2010 Duty To Serve Proposed Rule

     After reviewing the comment letters on the ANPR, FHFA published in

 the Federal Register on June 7, 2010, a proposed rule on the Duty to

 Serve.\8\ The 45-day comment period for the proposed rule closed on

 July 22, 2010.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \8\ See 75 FR 32099 (June 7, 2010).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     FHFA received 4,019 comments on the proposed rule. Commenters

 included: Individuals, including owners of manufactured homes; trade

 associations, including manufactured housing trade groups and lender

 trade groups; policy and housing advocacy groups, including rural

 housing advocacy groups, organizations representing manufactured home

 residents, and national and state consumer law organizations; nonprofit

 organizations; corporations, including manufactured housing

 construction companies; federal, state, and local government entities,

 including state and local housing finance agencies; property services

 groups, including property management companies; manufactured home

 community homeowners' associations; affordable housing developers and

 preservation lenders; a legal services group; Members of Congress; and

 both Enterprises.

     FHFA has taken a new look at the issues for this new proposed rule,

 with the benefit of the comments received on the 2010 Duty to Serve

 proposed rule and subsequent input from diverse stakeholder groups. The

 comments and input received and the agency's intervening years of

 experience with the Enterprises and their operations in the underserved

 markets have suggested a different approach, sufficiently so that

 further notice and comment is necessary through this new proposed rule.

     As before, the new proposed rule would not itself authorize or

 prohibit the Enterprises from engaging in any activity. Instead, it

 would authorize Duty to Serve credit for certain Enterprise activities

 in furtherance of their Duty to Serve obligations and would propose a

 framework for evaluating the Enterprises' performance.



 III. Duty To Serve Underserved Markets



 A. Implementing the Duty To Serve



     The Enterprises' public purposes include a broad obligation to

 serve lower- and moderate-income borrowers. The Safety and Soundness

 Act establishes a duty for the Enterprises to serve very low-, low-,

 and moderate-income families in three specific underserved markets. All

 activities an Enterprise undertakes in furtherance of its Duty to Serve

 must be consistent with its Charter Act. Nothing in this rulemaking

 would permit or require an Enterprise to engage in any activity that

 would be otherwise inconsistent with its Charter Act or the Safety and

 Soundness Act.

     Although the Enterprises are in conservatorships, FHFA expects them

 to show tangible results in each underserved market and to be a

 catalyst for mortgage lending to very low-, low-, and moderate-income

 families in each underserved market consistent with their obligations

 for safety and soundness. The Enterprises should expect mortgage

 purchases and activities pursuant to the Duty to Serve to earn a

 reasonable economic return, which may be less than the return earned on

 activities that do not serve these underserved markets.\9\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \9\ See 12 U.S.C. 4513(a)(1)(B)(ii).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 B. Underserved Markets Plans



 1. Requirement for Underserved Markets Plans--Proposed Sec.  1282.32

     Section 1282.32 of the proposed rule would require each Enterprise

 to prepare an Underserved Markets Plan identifying the activities and

 related objectives in each underserved market that it will pursue to

 serve that market.\10\ Each Plan would be mandatory and have a three-

 year term. The extent to which the Enterprises comply with their Plan

 obligations would form the basis for FHFA's evaluation of each

 Enterprise's Duty to Serve performance.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \10\ The 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule also would have

 required that the Enterprises identify their Duty to Serve

 activities in Underserved Markets Plans.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 2. Eligible Activities for Underserved Markets--Proposed Sec. Sec.

 1282.33(b), 1282.34(b), 1282.35(b), 1282.37

     Sections 1282.33(b), 1282.34(b), 1282.35(b), and 1282.37 of the

 proposed rule would specifically define the scope of the activities

 that could be included in an Underserved Markets Plan for an

 underserved market and, thus, be eligible for Duty to Serve credit as

 follows:

     Manufactured housing market--Activities that facilitate a secondary

 market for mortgages on residential properties for very low-, low-, and

 moderate-income families consisting of: (1) Manufactured homes titled

 as real estate; and (2) manufactured housing communities;

     Affordable housing preservation market--Activities that facilitate

 a secondary market for mortgages on residential properties for very

 low-, low-, and moderate-income families consisting of affordable

 rental housing preservation and affordable homeownership preservation;

 and



 [[Page 79184]]



     Rural market--Activities that facilitate a secondary market for

 mortgages on residential properties for very low-, low-, and moderate-

 income families in a ``rural area,'' which would be defined to mean:

 (1) A census tract outside of a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), as

 designated by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB); or (2) a

 census tract that is in an MSA but outside of the MSA's Urbanized Areas

 and Urban Clusters, as designated by the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture's (USDA's) Rural Urban Commuting Area (RUCA) codes.

     Activities eligible for Duty to Serve credit that also promote

 residential economic diversity would be eligible for extra credit under

 Sec.  1282.37 of the proposed rule.

     Each of these activities must be in full compliance with applicable

 federal and state law. The underserved markets and related definitions

 are further discussed below.

 3. Underserved Markets Plan Activities--Proposed Sec.  1282.32(c)(1)

     Under Sec.  1282.32(c)(1) of the proposed rule, each Underserved

 Markets Plan would include activities delineated under one of the

 following categories:

      Statutory Activities--Activities that assist affordable

 housing projects under the eight affordable housing programs

 specifically enumerated in the Safety and Soundness Act, and any

 comparable state and local affordable housing programs (a category that

 is also specified in the Safety and Soundness Act);

      Regulatory Activities--Activities in the underserved

 markets that are designated as Regulatory Activities in the proposed

 rule; and

      Additional Activities--Other activities identified by the

 Enterprises in their Plans that are determined by FHFA, in reviewing

 the proposed Plans, to be eligible for that underserved market.

     Proposed Additional Activities may include activities that support

 other federal, state and local programs not specifically enumerated in

 the proposed rule that would benefit from such support. Any such

 program must be eligible under one of the three specified underserved

 markets. If an Enterprise proposes activities to support other federal,

 state or local programs in its Underserved Markets Plan, the Enterprise

 must provide FHFA with clear information that defines the program and

 its eligibility under one of the three underserved markets consistent

 with the purpose and scope of this proposed rule. Such programs

 include, for example, state housing finance agency projects and local

 government initiatives that seek to provide affordable housing and for

 which Duty to Serve credit could be available.

      While overall the Enterprises must serve very low-, low-,

 and moderate-income families in each underserved market, any one

 activity may, but need not, serve more than one of the qualifying

 income categories. The Underserved Markets Plans must include a mix of

 activities serving all three income categories.

     Statutory Activities and Regulatory Activities are collectively

 referred to as ``Core Activities'' in this SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION.

     The proposed rule would not require an Enterprise to include every

 Core Activity in its Underserved Markets Plan, but the Plan must

 describe how the Enterprise considered each Core Activity. If an

 Enterprise elects not to include a Core Activity in its Plan, it must

 provide a detailed explanation for its decision in the Plan. There

 would be no restriction on the number of Additional Activities that an

 Enterprise may include in its Plan.

     FHFA believes that specifying Core Activities for the Enterprises

 to consider in developing their Underserved Markets Plans, as well as

 providing the Enterprises the option to designate Additional

 Activities, will provide the most efficient ways to increase the

 Enterprises' presence in the three underserved markets and encourage

 healthy competition between the Enterprises. When one Enterprise is

 able to marshal its resources to better serve an underserved market,

 this may encourage the other Enterprise and other institutions to also

 consider how they could assist that market, and would demonstrate that

 certain products and services can be reasonably provided in the market.

     Additionally, as described in this SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION and in

 proposed Sec.  1282.37, the proposed rule would include an opportunity

 for the Enterprises to earn extra Duty to Serve credit when a

 qualifying activity in an underserved market also serves to reduce the

 economic isolation of very low-, low-, and moderate-income households

 by promoting residential economic diversity.\11\ These activities would

 not be mandatory, but in order to qualify for the extra credit, the

 Enterprises would need to describe in their Plans the activities in the

 underserved markets they intend to undertake to promote residential

 economic diversity.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \11\ In a separate context, the Federal Home Loan Banks'

 Affordable Housing Program has long recognized the role of reducing

 economic isolation in housing affordability and provides incentives

 for the development of projects that promote economic diversity in

 the housing market. Under the applicable regulation, a Federal Home

 Loan Bank may award scoring points for projects that promote

 ``economic diversity,'' defined as ``[t]he financing of housing that

 is part of a strategy to end isolation of very low-income households

 by providing economic diversity though mixed-income housing in low-

 or moderate-income neighborhoods, or providing very low- or low- or

 moderate-income households with housing opportunities in

 neighborhoods or cities where the median income equals or exceeds

 the median income for the larger surrounding area, such as the city,

 county, or Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area, in which the

 neighborhood or city is located.'' See 12 CFR 1291.5(d)(5)(vi)(H).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     1. How much discretion should the Enterprises have in selecting

 activities--Core Activities and Additional Activities--to serve the

 underserved markets?

     2. Should FHFA establish specific Regulatory Activities for the

 underserved markets, or should the Enterprises have broad discretion to

 decide how to serve these markets?

     3. Are the proposed Regulatory Activities, as identified in the

 proposed rule for each of the underserved markets and described further

 below, appropriate for accomplishing the Duty to Serve objectives?

 4. Objectives for Each Activity--Proposed Sec.  1282.32(c)(2)

     Under Sec.  1282.32(c)(2) of the proposed rule, for each activity

 set forth in the Underserved Markets Plan, the Plan would be required

 to describe one or more ``Objectives''--specific, measureable tasks to

 be accomplished by the Enterprise. Objectives would be central to

 FHFA's Duty to Serve evaluation and rating process.

     Examples of Objectives might include an Enterprise's plans and

 timetable for achieving certain goals for one of its existing

 activities in an underserved market, or an Enterprise's specific

 outreach plans for working with lenders to develop innovative programs

 under a particular activity. Objectives would largely take narrative

 form but, where appropriate, could include quantitative benchmarks. If

 quantitative benchmarks form part of an Objective, FHFA's evaluation

 criteria may include comparing the Objective's quantitative benchmark

 at the beginning of the evaluation period with a new quantitative

 benchmark for the



 [[Page 79185]]



 Objective calculated at the end of the evaluation period. This

 comparison would not create specific quantitative targets or evaluate

 an Enterprise based solely on the volume of loans purchased, which are

 prohibited by the Safety and Soundness Act.\12\ Rather, quantitative

 benchmarks would be a measurement component of the evaluation process,

 authorized by the Safety and Soundness Act's establishment of the loan

 purchase assessment factor. Objectives may cover a single year or

 multiple years and must meet all of the following requirements:

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \12\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(d)(2)(C).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



      Strategic. Directly or indirectly maintain or increase

 liquidity to an underserved market;

      Measurable. Provide measureable benchmarks, which may

 include numerical targets, that enable FHFA to determine whether the

 Enterprise has achieved the Objective;

      Realistic. Calibrated so that the Enterprise has a

 reasonable chance of meeting the Objective with appropriate effort;

      Time-bound. Subject to a specific timeframe for completion

 by being tied to Plan calendar year evaluation periods; and

      Tied to analysis of market opportunities. Based on

 assessments and analyses of market opportunities in each underserved

 market, taking into account safety and soundness considerations.

 5. Assessment Factors Incorporated Into Objectives--Proposed Sec.

 1282.32(c)(3)

     Under Sec.  1282.32(c)(3) of the proposed rule, each Underserved

 Markets Plan Objective would be required to incorporate one or more of

 the following four statutory assessment factors:

      Outreach Assessment Factor. The outreach assessment factor

 requires evaluation of ``the extent of outreach [by the Enterprises] to

 qualified loan sellers and other market participants'' in each of the

 three underserved markets.\13\ A Plan Objective could describe how an

 Enterprise would engage market participants, such as through conducting

 meetings and conferences with current and prospective seller/servicers

 and providing technical support to seller/servicers, in order to

 accomplish a Plan activity. Market participants could include

 traditional participants in Enterprise programs, as well as non-

 traditional participants such as consortia sponsored by banks, and

 local and state governments.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \13\ Id. at (d)(2)(B).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



      Loan Product Assessment Factor. The loan product

 assessment factor requires evaluation of an Enterprise's ``development

 of loan products, more flexible underwriting guidelines, and other

 innovative approaches to providing financing to each'' underserved

 market.\14\ A Plan Objective could describe, for example, how the

 Enterprise would reevaluate its underwriting guidelines, which could

 include empirical testing of different parameters and modification of

 loan products in an effort to increase the availability of loans to

 families targeted by the Duty to Serve, consistent with prudent lending

 practices. FHFA expects the Enterprise to identify underwriting

 obstacles that could prevent service to very low-, low-, and moderate-

 income families.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \14\ Id. at (d)(2)(A).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



      Loan Purchase Assessment Factor. The loan purchase

 assessment factor requires FHFA to consider ``the volume of loans

 purchased in each of such underserved markets relative to the market

 opportunities available to the [E]nterprise.'' \15\ The Safety and

 Soundness Act further states that FHFA ``shall not establish specific

 quantitative targets nor evaluate the [E]nterprises based solely on the

 volume of loans purchased.'' \16\ A Plan Objective could include the

 Enterprise's plans for purchasing loans in particular underserved

 markets, including its assessments and analyses of the market

 opportunities available for each underserved market and its expected

 volume of loan purchases for a given year.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \15\ Id. at (d)(2)(C).

     \16\ Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Although the proposed rule would not establish quantitative

 targets, FHFA would consider the Enterprise's past performance on the

 volume of loans purchased in a particular underserved market relative

 to the volume of loans the Enterprise actually purchases in that

 underserved market in a given year pursuant to its Plan. In reviewing

 the Plan and the loan purchase assessment factor, FHFA would take into

 account difficulties in forecasting future performance and the need for

 flexibility in dealing with unexpected market changes.

      Investments and Grants Assessment Factor. The investments

 and grants assessment factor requires evaluation of ``the amount of

 investments and grants in projects which assist in meeting the needs of

 such underserved markets.'' \17\ A Plan Objective could include

 investments. As with all activities, the investments must comply with

 the Enterprise's Charter Act.\18\ FHFA has directed the Enterprises to

 refrain from making grants because they are in conservatorship.

 Accordingly, during the period of conservatorship, FHFA does not intend

 to provide credit to the Enterprises for making grants.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \17\ Id. at (d)(2)(D).

     \18\ 12 U.S.C. 1451 et seq. and 12 U.S.C. 1716 et seq.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In addition to the four statutory assessment factors, the proposed

 rule includes a non-mandatory criterion for evaluating the Enterprises'

 performance on qualifying activities (described in this SUPPLEMENTARY

 INFORMATION and in Sec.  1282.37 of the proposed rule), for which the

 Enterprises could earn additional Duty to Serve credit when they

 include qualifying activities that promote residential economic

 diversity in their Underserved Markets Plans. Under this criterion,

 FHFA would evaluate the Enterprises on the extent to which their

 qualifying activities promote residential economic diversity in an

 underserved market in connection with mortgages on: (1) Affordable

 housing in high opportunity areas; or (2) mixed-income housing in areas

 of concentrated poverty. This would be a criterion for which extra

 credit may be given for planned activities, but the activities

 associated with the criterion would not be mandatory activities for the

 Plans. FHFA specifically requests comments on all aspects of the

 proposed criterion, including how the residential economic diversity

 activities for extra credit should be defined and assessed.

     Activities in each of the underserved markets would be eligible for

 extra credit for residential economic diversity (``qualifying

 activities'') except for manufactured housing communities activities,

 energy efficiency improvement activities, and any Additional Activities

 determined by FHFA as ineligible. FHFA proposes excluding manufactured

 housing community activities because of the lack of information on

 tenants' total monthly housing costs, which would be necessary for FHFA

 to assess the affordability of the units. Nor is the proposed proxy for

 determining manufactured housing community affordability, which relies

 on the income level of the census tract instead of on monthly housing

 costs, useful for estimating whether a manufactured housing community

 contributes to residential economic diversity. FHFA also proposes to

 exclude activities related to energy efficiency improvements as they

 typically do not relate to the siting of housing and, thus, do not

 appear to further residential economic diversity.



 [[Page 79186]]



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     4. Are the requirements for Objectives discussed above appropriate,

 and should there be any additional requirements?

     5. Should Duty to Serve credit be given under the loan products

 assessment factor for an Enterprise's research and development

 activities that may not show results in their initial phase, but which

 may be necessary for long-term product planning and development for

 underserved markets?

     6. Has FHFA adequately defined the scope of extra credit for the

 proposed residential economic diversity activities? Has FHFA chosen the

 correct activities that should be excluded from qualifying for extra

 credit for residential economic diversity activities? Also, see

 description of proposed Sec.  1282.37 and Requests for Comments.

 6. Underserved Markets Plan Submission and FHFA Review--Proposed Sec.

 1282.32(d)(1)

     Section 1282.32(d)(1) of the proposed rule would require the

 Enterprises to submit their proposed Underserved Markets Plans to FHFA

 at least 180 days before the termination date of the Enterprise's

 existing Plan, except that the Enterprise's first proposed Plan after

 the effective date of this regulation must be submitted to FHFA

 pursuant to FHFA-established timeframes and procedures.

 a. Posting of Proposed Underserved Markets Plans, Public Input and

 Enterprise Review--Proposed Sec.  1282.32(d)(2), 1282.32(d)(3)

     Section 1282.32(d)(2) of the proposed rule would provide a process

 for public input on the Enterprises' proposed Underserved Markets

 Plans. A number of commenters on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule

 suggested that the Enterprises' proposed Plans be published for comment

 because doing so could improve the Enterprises' and FHFA's assessment

 of the adequacy of the Plans. Commenters stated that public comment

 could add to the innovation and impact of the Duty to Serve obligations

 on the underserved markets. Both Enterprises opposed publishing the

 proposed Plans for public comment on the basis that the Plans would

 contain proprietary and confidential data and other information. After

 taking into account the commenters' opposing views, FHFA has concluded

 that a public input process can be implemented that would promote

 transparency and increase the opportunity for productive stakeholder

 input in the Underserved Markets Plan process, while preserving the

 proprietary and confidential nature of Enterprise data and information.

 Soliciting public input could help the Enterprises to develop

 information about underserved market needs and how they might be met so

 that the Enterprises can make better judgments in formulating their

 Underserved Markets Plan Activities and Objectives.

     Accordingly, the proposed rule would provide that as soon as

 practical after an Enterprise submits its proposed Plan to FHFA for

 review, FHFA will post on FHFA's Web site a public version of the

 proposed Plan that omits proprietary and confidential data and

 information. The public would have 45 days to provide input on the

 public version of the proposed Plan. Seeking public input on the

 proposed Plans would encourage participation by stakeholders, including

 lenders, industry participants, local government, community groups, and

 the broader public. In its discretion, each Enterprise would make

 revisions to its proposed Plan based on the public input.

 b. FHFA Plan Review Process--Proposed Sec. Sec.  1282.32(d)(4),

 1282.32(d)(5), 1282.32(e), 1282.32(f)

     The proposed rule would provide that within 60 days after the end

 of the public input period, FHFA will inform each Enterprise of any

 FHFA comments on its proposed Plan. The Enterprise would be required to

 address those comments, as appropriate, through revisions to its

 proposed Plan pursuant to timeframes and procedures established by

 FHFA.

     After FHFA is satisfied that all of its comments have been

 addressed, FHFA would issue a ``non-objection'' to the Plan. The

 effective date of the Plan would be January 1st of the first evaluation

 year for which the Plan is applicable, except for the Enterprise's

 first Plan after the effective date of the final rule, whose term and

 effective date would be determined by FHFA.

     After receiving FHFA's non-objection to its Plan, an Enterprise

 would post the final Plan on the Enterprise's Web site with

 confidential and proprietary information omitted. FHFA would also post

 the final Plan with confidential and proprietary information omitted on

 FHFA's Web site.

 7. Modifying Final Underserved Markets Plans--Proposed Sec.  1282.32(g)

     Section 1282.32(g) of the proposed rule would permit modifications

 of final Underserved Markets Plans during the period of the Plans. The

 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule would not have permitted

 modifications. In their comments on the 2010 proposed rule, both

 Enterprises stated that they should be able to modify their Plans,

 citing the uncertainty and volatility in the mortgage markets, and the

 Enterprises' need to determine whether their market estimates are

 accurate, assess performance against goals, and update business

 forecasting. FHFA finds these comments persuasive.

     Accordingly, the proposed rule would permit an Enterprise to modify

 its final Plan during its three-year term, subject to FHFA non-

 objection. It would also permit FHFA, in its sole discretion, to

 require an Enterprise to modify a final Plan. Instances in which FHFA

 might permit or require an Enterprise to modify its Plan include

 changes in market conditions (including obstacles and opportunities) or

 significant safety and soundness concerns that arise after an

 Enterprise implements its Plan. FHFA and the Enterprises may seek

 public input on any proposed modifications to a final Plan if FHFA

 determines that public input would assist its consideration of the

 proposed modifications. Should a final Plan be modified, the modified

 Plan with confidential and proprietary information omitted would be

 posted on the Enterprise's and FHFA's Web sites.

 8. Enterprise New Products and New Activities

     Enterprise new products and new activities are subject to the prior

 approval and prior notice requirements, respectively, that FHFA

 established by regulation pursuant to the Safety and Soundness Act.\19\

 FHFA expects the Enterprises to meet the loan product assessment factor

 through activities that do not rise to the level of new products. For

 example, an Enterprise could modify its underwriting guidelines for

 existing loan products and develop innovative approaches to financing

 that do not constitute new products, consistent with safety and

 soundness and the requirements of conservatorship. However, if an

 Enterprise determines that a new product or activity would facilitate

 its duty to serve obligations and would be consistent with safety and

 soundness, it may propose such product or activity for FHFA

 consideration.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \19\ See 12 U.S.C. 4541; 12 CFR part 1253.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please



 [[Page 79187]]



 identify the question answered by the numbers assigned below):

     7. Is there an alternative mechanism to an Underserved Markets Plan

 that would better enable FHFA to evaluate the Enterprises' Duty to

 Serve obligations?

     8. Should the Enterprises be required to prepare Underserved

 Markets Plans for terms with a period other than three years?

     9. Should public input be sought on the Enterprises' proposed

 Underserved Markets Plans and, if so, is there a more effective

 approach than the proposed approach?



 C. Underserved Markets



 1. Manufactured Housing Market--Proposed Sec.  1282.33

 a. Background

     Very low-, low-, and moderate-income households have significant

 housing needs in the current environment. Manufactured housing is

 widely recognized as a significant source of housing for such

 households. In the United States, as of 2013, 6.7 million households

 resided in manufactured housing, or 5.8 percent of all households,

 according to the 2013 American Community Survey.\20\ In many cases,

 manufactured housing may offer the only affordable homeownership

 opportunity for lower-income households.\21\ In 2013, the average sales

 price of a manufactured home was $64,000, while the average sales price

 of a site-built home, less the cost of the land, was $249,429.\22\

 Adjusted for size, manufactured homes still have significantly lower

 average costs per square foot than site-built homes: $43.54 as compared

 with $93.70.\23\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \20\ Freddie Mac, ``2015 Multifamily Outlook--Executive Summary,

 Multifamily Research Perspectives,'' at 16 (Feb. 2015), available at

 http://www.freddiemac.com/multifamily/pdf/2015_outlook.pdf.

     \21\ Both Delaware and North Carolina have statutes that cite

 the importance of manufactured housing as the only affordable option

 for many low- and moderate-income households and the impetus for

 requiring various protections for owners of manufactured housing

 units. See 25 Del. C. Sec.  7040; N.C. Gen. Stat. 160A-383.1 (2001).

 See also, R.I. Gen. Laws 31-44.1-1. Congress has also found that

 manufactured homes provide a significant resource for affordable

 homeownership. See 42 U.S.C. 5401(a)(2).

     \22\ See U.S. Commerce Department, Census Bureau, ``Cost & Size

 Comparisons For New Manufactured Homes and New Single-Family Site-

 Built Homes'' (2007-2013) [hereinafter ``Census Table''], available

 at http://www.census.gov/construction/mhs/pdf/sitebuiltvsmh.pdf. The

 figure for site-built homes was arrived at by subtracting the

 ``Derived Average Land Price'' ($75,071) from the average sales

 price for a new single-family site built home ($324,500). See id.

     \23\ Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In developing specific proposals for Enterprise support of

 activities for the manufactured housing market that would receive Duty

 to Serve credit, FHFA took into account the needs of very low-, low-,

 and moderate-income families, the particular importance of manufactured

 housing, and the availability of its financing for these households. In

 determining eligible activities for the manufactured housing market,

 FHFA considered the safety and soundness implications for the

 Enterprises.

 b. Regulatory and Additional Activities--Proposed Sec. Sec.

 1282.33(c), 1282.33(d)

     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Enterprises ``shall

 develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to

 facilitate a secondary market for mortgages on manufactured homes for

 very low-, low-, and moderate-income families.'' \24\ The statute does

 not enumerate specific activities or programs that the Enterprises must

 undertake in support of the manufactured housing market. Section

 1282.33(b) of the proposed rule would specify eligible activities for

 the underserved manufactured housing market as activities that

 facilitate a secondary market for mortgages on residential properties

 for very low-, low-, and moderate-income families consisting of: i.

 Manufactured homes titled as real property; and ii. manufactured

 housing communities. Manufactured homes titled as personal property are

 excluded from eligibility.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \24\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(a)(1)(A).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Section 1282.33(c) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to Serve

 credit for four specific types of activities, which would constitute

 Regulatory Activities that the Enterprises must address in their

 Underserved Markets Plans by either indicating how they choose to

 undertake the Regulatory Activity or the reasons why they will not

 undertake the Regulatory Activity. The proposed Regulatory Activities

 are:

     1. Mortgages on manufactured homes titled as real property under

 the laws of the state where the home is located; and

     2. Mortgages on manufactured housing communities provided that:

     i. The community has 150 pads or less;

     ii. The community is government-, nonprofit-, or resident-owned; or

     iii. The community has certain minimum specified pad lease

 protections for tenants.

     The Enterprises' Underserved Markets Plans may also include

 Additional Activities that facilitate a secondary market for mortgages

 on residential properties for very low-, low- and moderate-income

 families consisting of manufactured homes titled as real property and

 manufactured communities, subject to FHFA determination of whether such

 activities are eligible for Duty to Serve credit.

 i. Manufactured Homes--Proposed Sec.  1282.33(c)(1)

     Under proposed Sec.  1282.1, ``manufactured home'' would mean a

 manufactured home as defined in section 603(6) of the National

 Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974, and

 implementing regulations. Manufactured homes are built entirely in the

 factory, transported to the site, and installed under a federal

 building code administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban

 Development (HUD).\25\ Activities related to homes manufactured before

 June 15, 1976, generally referred to as ``mobile homes,'' \26\ would

 not receive Duty to Serve credit.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \25\ See 42 U.S.C. 5402(6), and implementing regulations.

     \26\ See Manufactured Housing Institute, ``Frequently Asked

 Questions'' (Web site), available at
http://www.manufacturedhousing.org/lib/showtemp_detail.asp?id=208&cat.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Different ownership, titling, and financing structures are

 available for manufactured housing, and this has a major impact on loan

 origination, servicing, and securitization requirements and practices.

 The unit may be titled and owned as personal property (chattel) or as

 real estate, depending on factors such as the property characteristics

 and state law. The borrower may or may not own the land underlying the

 unit. About three-fifths of manufactured housing residents who own

 their home also own the land on which it is sited.\27\ For example,



 [[Page 79188]]



 most new manufactured homes are sited on private land and not in

 manufactured housing communities.\28\ Loans financing manufactured

 homes may be secured by a lien solely on the unit, separate liens on

 the unit and the underlying land, or a single lien covering both the

 unit and the underlying land. The units themselves tend to depreciate

 in value.\29\ After about three years, the typical manufactured home

 has a wholesale value of about half its original price.\30\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \27\ See CFPB, ``Manufactured-housing consumer finance in the

 United States,'' at 6 (Sept. 2014) [hereinafter ``CFPB White

 Paper''], available at
http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201409_cfpb_report_manufactured-housing.pdf.
See Foremost Insurance

 Group, ``2012 Mobile Home Market Facts'' at 8 (2012), available at

 http://www.foremost.com/mobile-home-market-facts/2012-Market-Facts.pdf. But see
L.A. Kovach, ``CFPB Report alleges Manufactured

 Housing Lending is Expensive, sparks controversial comments from

 CFED, MHI and other MH industry professionals,'' available at
http://www.mhmarketingsalesmanagement.com/home/industry-news/industry-in-focus/8
460-cfpb-report-alleges-manufactured-housing-lending-is-expensive-sparks-controv
ersial-comments-from-cfed-mhi-and-other-mh-industry-professionals. According to
this article, the President of

 21st Mortgage Corporation disputes CFPB's figure for land ownership

 by manufactured housing borrowers, stating instead that about 26

 percent of its chattel loan borrowers reported owning their land.

 Id. Further, he states that some people report owning their land

 when the land is actually owned by a family member. Id.

     \28\ In 2013, 70 percent of new manufactured homes for

 residential use were placed on private land but only 30 percent were

 placed in manufactured housing communities. See Census Table, supra

 note 22.

     \29\ See Martin V. Lavin, Prologue to Saving Chattel Lending,

 Industry Voices--Letters to the Editor and OpEd by & for MH Industry

 Pros (June 23, 2011), available at
http://www.mhmarketingsalesmanagement.com/blogs/industryvoices/tag/saving-chatte
l-lending/; Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2,

 Registration Statement No. 333-127352 (Mar. 13, 2006) (Prospectus)

 (``Because manufactured homes generally depreciate in value, it is

 unlikely that repossession and resale of a manufactured home will

 result in the full recovery of the outstanding principal and unpaid

 interest on the related defaulted Manufactured Housing Contract.''),

 available at
http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1356081/000088237706000772/d454063_fwp.ht
m.

     \30\ See Katherine MacTavish, Michelle Eley & Sonya Salamon,

 ``Policy and Practitioner Perspective: Housing Vulnerability Among

 Rural Trailer-Park Households,'' 13 Georgetown J. Poverty Law &

 Policy at 95, 99 (Spring 2006) [hereinafter ``Rural Trailer-Park

 Households'']. See generally Ohio Department of Taxation, Property

 Taxation of Manufactured and Mobile Homes (Bulletin 11, Rev. Dec.

 2002), available at
http://www.tax.ohio.gov/portals/0/government/dte_bulletin11rev.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that in determining whether

 an Enterprise has complied with the Duty to Serve the manufactured

 housing market, FHFA may consider loans secured by both real and

 personal property.\31\ As with the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule,

 Sec.  1282.33(c)(1) of this proposed rule would provide credit for

 Enterprise activities that facilitate a secondary market for

 manufactured homes titled as real property but not as chattel.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \31\ See 12 U.S.C. 4565(d)(3).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     FHFA received comments on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule

 favoring Enterprise support for chattel financing from the manufactured

 housing industry, Members of Congress, and some consumer advocates.

 Many of these commenters noted that chattel is the far greater part of

 the manufactured housing market and that most manufactured housing

 borrowers would not have received any assistance under the 2010 Duty to

 Serve proposed rule. In addition, more than 3,700 individuals commented

 in support of chattel financing by the Enterprises, generally via form

 letters. Many emphasized their inability to sell their homes due to a

 scarcity of chattel financing for potential buyers.

     The SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION for the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed

 rule highlighted performance concerns about chattel lending and also

 discussed their high interest rates, disadvantageous loan features, and

 relative paucity of borrower protections.\32\ These concerns remain,

 and some bear reiteration.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \32\ See 75 FR 32099, 32103-32104 (June 7, 2010). For a

 discussion of borrower protections inapplicable to chattel

 borrowers, see generally CFPB, ``Manufactured-housing consumer

 finance in the United States,'' at 6 (Sept. 2014), available at

 http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201409_cfpb_report_manufactured-housing.pdf;
Ann M. Burkhart, Bringing Manufactured Housing into the

 Real Estate Finance System, 37 Pepp. L. Rev. 427 (Mar. 2010). For a

 discussion of the benefits of chattel financing, see generally

 Letter from Manufactured Housing Association for Regulatory Reform

 to Cong. Johnson & Cong. Crapo (Oct. 28, 2013), available at
http://www.mhmarketingsalesmanagement.com/blogs/daily-business-news/wp-content/u
ploads/2014/03/MHARRO1-sent-to-Ohio-Association-member-addressed-to-Senate-Banki
ng-Committee-1.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     There is no current secondary market for recent-vintage,

 conventional chattel loans \33\ and the Enterprises do not buy

 them.\34\ Thus, analyzing performance data for conventional chattel

 loans is challenging. However, in Fannie Mae's limited experience with

 chattel loans, the loans performed poorly.\35\ Despite Fannie Mae's

 efforts, the chattel transactions revealed high levels of inconsistency

 in the quality and standardization of loan documentation. For example,

 something as basic as the value used in the loan-to-value calculation

 varied dramatically from dealer to dealer and made analysis and

 statistical modeling extremely challenging. In addition, the

 transactions also had much higher default rates and loss severities,

 which may be aggravated because the units depreciate substantially, and

 channels for reselling repossessed units can be limited.\36\ Moreover,

 chattel-titled units sited in manufactured housing communities may

 further lose value if they are subject to continuously increasing rents

 for the land on which the units are located.\37\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \33\ See generally CFPB White Paper, supra note 27, at 38 (``It

 is likely that most of the loans held in portfolio are chattel

 loans, for which secondary market demand has been depressed over the

 last decade.''). But see Bloomberg, ``Manufactured Housing May Be a

 Key to Unraveling Affordability Puzzle,'' BloombergBrief/Real Estate

 (Mar. 6, 2015), available at
http://newsletters.briefs.bloomberg.com/document/2lz149ood4qz14ihabp/qampa-steph
en-wheeler-of-has-capital-?hootPostID=fcb6a370a97507fc986a2e855f0ecf76. A new
market entrant,

 HAS Capital, has a goal of bringing new asset-backed securities

 collateralized by chattel-financed units to the capital markets

 within the next 12 to 18 months. See id.

     \34\ See Fannie Mae, ``Manufactured Housing Requirements,

 Clarifications, and New Forms,'' at 6 (June 15, 2007), available at

 https://www.efanniemae.com/sf/guides/ssg/annltrs/pdf/2007/0706.pdf;

 Freddie Mac, ``Manufactured Homes Underwriting Reminders,'' at 1

 (Dec. 2008), available at
http://www.FreddieMac.com/learn/pdfs/uw/manuf_home.pdf.

     \35\ See Fannie Mae, ``Manufactured Housing Securities Status

 Report'' (Apr. 15, 2003) (This document is a part of the ``Resource

 Library'' of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission), available at

http://fcic-static.law.stanford.edu/cdn_media/fcic-docs/2003-04-15%20Fannie%20Ma
e%20Manufactured%20Housing%20Securities%20Status%20Report.pdf.

     \36\ See Martin V. Lavin, ``Guerrilla Servicing, Manufactured

 Home Merchandiser,'' at 31-32 (Apr. 2001), available at
http://www.martylavin.com/writings/4.01%20lavin%20guerilla.pdf. By

 contrast, the mortgages purchased by Freddie Mac on real estate-

 financed manufactured housing units have performed within Freddie

 Mac's expectations. Fannie Mae reports that its mortgages on real

 estate-financed manufactured housing units, which meet different

 eligibility requirements than Fannie Mae's standard products, are

 performing similarly to single-family mortgages overall, although in

 the event of default, manufactured housing generally results in

 higher loss severity than other single-family property types.

     \37\ See Martin V. Lavin, ``Saving Chattel Lending, Manufactured

 Home Merchandiser,'' at 22 (Dec. 2007), available at
http://www.martylavin.com/writings/saving-chattel-lending.pdf; Kevin

 Jewell, Consumers Union Southwest Regional Office, ``Manufactured

 Housing Appreciation: Stereotypes and Data'' (Apr. 2003), available

 at http://consumersunion.org/pdf/mh/Appreciation.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     A 2014 white paper by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

 (CFPB) found that chattel loans have had higher interest rates (range

 from 50 to 500 basis points higher) and ``APRs on chattel loans are

 about 150 basis points higher on average than for mortgages on

 manufactured homes,'' despite the lack of economically substantial

 differences in income, debt-to-income ratios, credit scores, and loan-

 to-value ratios with real estate-titled borrowers.\38\ These

 disparities in rates might result in large measure from the significant

 depreciation in the value of chattel collateral, but the question

 remains whether this fully accounts for the differential in loan

 pricing. Chattel loans also lack the benefit of many federal laws and

 programs that assist real estate-titled borrowers, including in part or

 in whole, the Making Home Affordable Program of 2009, the Helping

 Families Save Their Homes Act of 2009, the Fraud Enforcement and

 Recovery Act of 2009, and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act

 (RESPA).\39\



 [[Page 79189]]



 Also, except in those states where the debtor must receive notice of

 the right to cure a default, a lender can repossess a chattel-titled

 unit immediately upon default, without prior notice.\40\ These

 repossessions have included circumstances in which units were towed

 with the residents still in them \41\ and of significant damage to the

 unit's porch, deck, air conditioner, plumbing and septic system.\42\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \38\ See CFPB White Paper, supra note 27, at 6, 36.

     \39\ See Ann M. Burkhart, Bringing Manufactured Housing into the

 Real Estate Finance System, 37 Pepp. L. Rev. 427, 429-430 (Mar. 1,

 2010); CFPB White Paper, supra note 27, at 24. CFPB's revised

 borrower disclosures under the Truth in Lending Act and RESPA will

 not cover ``chattel-dwelling loans.'' See CFPB, TILA-RESPA

 Integrated Disclosure rule--Small entity compliance guide, at 19

 (Sept. 2014), available at
http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201409_cfpb_tila-respa-integrated-disclosure-
rule_compliance-guide.pdf.

     \40\ See Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2,

 Registration Statement No. 333-127352 (Mar. 13, 2006) (Prospectus),

 available at
http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1356081/000088237706000772/d454063_fwp.ht
m; Ann M. Burkhart, ``Bringing

 Manufactured Housing into the Real Estate Finance System,'' 37 Pepp.

 L. Rev. 427, 449-450 (Mar. 1, 2010). See also, Amy J. Schmitz,

 ``Promoting the Promise Manufactured Homes Provide for Affordable

 Housing,'' at 393, 13 Journal of Affordable Housing 449 (No. 3)

 (Spring 2004), available at
http://lawweb.colorado.edu/profiles/pubpdfs/schmitz/SchmitzAHCDL.pdf (``MH
lenders may be especially

 eager to grab an MH as quickly after default as possible, in light

 of the perceived high risks of MH lending and fear that MHs decline

 in value while the loans that they secure go `underwater' '').

     \41\ In re Smith, 296 B.R. 46 (Bnkr. M.D. Ala. 2003); Consumers

 Union, ``Manufactured Housing: A Home That the Law Still Treats Like

 a Car,'' at 2-3 (2005). See also In re Daniel, 137 B.R. 884 (Mar.

 10, 1992).

     \42\ See Giese v. NCNB Tex. Forney Banking Ctr., 881 SW.2d 776,

 1994 Tex. App. LEXIS 2084 (Tex. App. Dallas 1994).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     There are also additional concerns about chattel loans from a

 secondary market perspective. The risks posed to secondary market

 investors by bankrupt chattel borrowers are greater than the risks

 posed by bankrupt real property borrowers. As discussed in a Fannie Mae

 prospectus:



     Under certain circumstances, the security interest assigned to

 the trust [for the chattel loan] may become subordinate to the

 interests of other parties or may be vulnerable to the creditors of

 [the loan seller] in a bankruptcy situation. Further, even if steps

 are taken initially to perfect the security interests in certain of

 the manufactured homes, if borrowers relocate or sell their

 manufactured homes, the related security interests could cease to be

 perfected. Certain other laws, including federal and state

 bankruptcy and insolvency laws and general equity principles may

 limit or delay a lender's ability to repossess and resell the

 collateral.\43\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \43\ Fannie Mae, Prospectus Supplement, ``Guaranteed REMIC Pass-

 Through Certificates Fannie Mae REMIC Trust 2000-14,'' at S-10 (Apr.

 10, 2000), available at
http://www.fanniemae.com/syndicated/documents/mbs/remicsupp/2000-014.pdf.



 Moreover, insurance comparable to private mortgage insurance protecting

 the lender, and therefore Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, is generally

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 unavailable for chattel loans.



     FHFA has considered the relative opportunities, needs, and risks in

 addressing affordable housing needs through the chattel and real estate

 financing channels and has concluded that, under the proposed rule, the

 Enterprises may only receive Duty to Serve credit for activities

 related to facilitating a secondary market for mortgages on individual

 manufactured homes titled as real estate. While chattel loans may have

 some benefits for a borrower, such as being easier for the borrower to

 qualify for financing and having lower closing costs \44\ than real

 estate loans, FHFA believes that the disadvantages to the borrower and

 the safety and soundness considerations for the Enterprises of

 currently available chattel loan programs outweigh benefits to the

 borrower in many instances.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \44\ See CFPB White Paper, supra note 27, at 36.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The Enterprises may be able to use their market presence to expand

 the use of real estate financing for manufactured homes. CFPB estimates

 that 65 percent of borrowers who own their land financed their units as

 chattel rather than as real estate,\45\ and the Manufactured Housing

 Institute states that growing numbers of buyers are opting to place

 their homes on land they are purchasing or already own.\46\ Currently,

 about three-quarters of the states have statutorily-defined processes

 for converting a manufactured home's title from chattel to real

 property.\47\ Improvements and changes in titling practices and laws

 could result in more manufactured homes financed as real estate and,

 therefore, being eligible for Duty to Serve credit under the rule as

 proposed. The National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State

 Laws has adopted a model law for enactment by the states that would

 allow a purchaser to elect to title the manufactured home as real

 property and benefit from many of the same legal protections as owners

 of site-built homes.\48\ Providing secondary market support to the real

 estate-financed manufactured home market raises the potential for very

 low-, low-, and moderate-income families to benefit from the associated

 lower rates, APRs, federal loan modification and refinancing programs,

 and enhanced consumer protections.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \45\ CFPB White Paper, supra note 27, at 6. The Foremost

 Insurance Group estimates that 46 percent of manufactured homes that

 they insure are titled and financed as chattel even though the

 borrower owns the underlying land. See Foremost Insurance Group,

 ``2012 Mobile Home Market Facts'' 8 (2012), available at
http://www.foremost.com/mobile-home-market-facts/2012-Market-Facts.pdf. But

 see L.A. Kovach, ``CFPB Report alleges Manufactured Housing Lending

 is Expensive, sparks controversial comments from CFED, MHI and other

 MH industry professionals,'' available at
http://www.mhmarketingsalesmanagement.com/home/industry-news/industry-in-focus/8
460-cfpb-report-alleges-manufactured-housing-lending-is-expensive-sparks-controv
ersial-comments-from-cfed-mhi-and-other-mh-industry-professionals. According to
this article, the President of

 21st Mortgage Corporation disputes CFPB's figure for land ownership

 by manufactured housing borrowers, stating instead that about 26

 percent of its chattel loan borrowers reported owning their land.

 Id. Further, he states that some people report owning their land

 when it is actually owned by a family member. Id.

     \46\ See Manufactured Housing Institute, ``2014 Quick Facts--

 Trends and Information About the Manufactured Housing Industry''

 (2014).

     \47\ CFPB White Paper, supra note 27, at 10. Generally,

 manufactured homes are treated as chattel by default. Id.

     \48\ See National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State

 Laws (Uniform Law Commission), ``Uniform Manufactured Housing Act''

 (Oct. 1, 2012), available at
http://www.uniformlaws.org/shared/docs/manufactured_housing/2012_mha_final.pdf.
The model act contains an

 anti-steering provision designed to prevent retailers from steering

 borrowers towards chattel or real estate titling. See id. at section

 3(b). For a critique of the model act, see Marc J. Lifset,

 ``Proposed ULC Manufactured Home Titling Act'' (rev. Oct. 31, 2011),

 available at
https://www.aba.com/aba/documents/GeneralCounsel/UniformLaws/LifsetReport.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Despite these possibilities for real estate-financing of

 manufactured homes, FHFA is mindful that some chattel borrowers have

 significant financing needs now. Many current owners of chattel-

 financed homes are in distress because of their inability to sell their

 homes or refinance into more affordable loans because chattel financing

 is unavailable.\49\ Moreover, the majority of the manufactured housing

 market is chattel-financed, with 78 percent of new manufactured housing

 units placed in 2013 titled as chattel.\50\ In view of the significant

 financing needs of chattel borrowers, the safety and soundness and

 borrower protection concerns discussed above, FHFA specifically

 requests comments on what improvements could be made in originating and

 servicing that would make chattel loans safer for purchase by the

 Enterprises.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \49\ The unavailability of financing for chattel-titled units

 can, in turn, cause deterioration of manufactured housing

 communities and hinder their ability to obtain financing. See Tony

 Petosa, Nick Bertino & Creighton Weber, ``Wells Fargo Multifamily

 Capital, Manufactured Home Community Financing Handbook,'' at 5, 17

 (9th ed. Spring 2015).

     \50\ See Census Table, supra note 22.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The Enterprises could pilot an initiative to purchase chattel

 loans, which could familiarize them with the risk and rewards of

 chattel financing and familiarize their counterparties with the types

 of origination, servicing, and consumer protection standards that would

 be required for any permanent



 [[Page 79190]]



 chattel financing initiative. However, there may be substantial

 difficulties with establishing the protections and disclosures

 necessary to make chattel loans appropriate for Enterprise support. For

 example, there may be substantial difficulties in developing

 disclosures for borrowers analogous to those required under RESPA,

 particularly the prohibition on unearned referral fees and the

 requirements for disclosures to borrowers of closing costs,\51\ and in

 institutionalizing these disclosures among market participants. Beyond

 these operational concerns, developing RESPA-like protections may

 require legislative and regulatory changes. The same may be true for

 mandating that chattel borrowers have protections and remedies

 analogous to those that state law affords real estate borrowers in

 foreclosure. Given the considerable challenges and considerable

 investment an Enterprise chattel pilot would entail, the overall

 benefits of a pilot may be uncertain.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \51\ For an overview of RESPA and its protections and

 requirements, see generally CFPB Consumer Laws and Regulations--

 RESPA (Aug. 2013), available at
http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201308_cfpb_respa_narrative-exam-procedures.p
df. For information on

 payments that may be improper under RESPA, see generally ``Resolving

 RESPA's Sec.  8(b) Circuit Split,'' 73 U. Chi. L. Rev. 1487 (Fall

 2006). For information on required disclosures, see 12 U.S.C. 2603;

 Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection--Real Estate Settlement

 Procedures Act (Regulation X), 12 CFR 1024.1 et seq.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Under Sec.  1282.38(b)(2) of the proposed rule, Duty to Serve

 credit would not be provided under any of the three underserved markets

 for Enterprise purchases of Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act

 (HOEPA) loans, which are not currently eligible for sale to the

 Enterprises in any event.\52\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \52\ See FHFA, 2014 Annual Housing Report, at 15, Fn. 22 (Oct.

 30, 2014), available at
http://www.fhfa.gov/AboutUs/Reports/ReportDocuments/Annual_Housing_Report_2014.p
df.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     10. What existing Enterprise criteria (contained in Freddie Mac's

 Manufactured Homes, Publication Number 387B and Fannie Mae's Selling

 Guide, B5-2 \53\) for support of manufactured home loans titled as real

 property could be modified to expand support for very low-, low-, and

 moderate-income families, consistent with Enterprise safety and

 soundness?

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \53\ See generally Freddie Mac, 1 Single-Family Seller/Servicer

 Guide H33 (Sept. 1, 2015); Fannie Mae, Selling Guide, B5-2 (Aug. 25,

 2015), available at
https://www.fanniemae.com/content/guide/selling/b/index.html.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     11. Should Enterprise support for manufactured home loans titled as

 real property be a Regulatory Activity?

     12. Should the Duty to Serve rule only give credit for support to

 manufactured home borrowers with specific needs, such as current

 borrowers with real estate mortgages with excessive coupon rates (and

 what should be considered ``excessive''), or current borrowers with

 chattel loans who could benefit from conversion to real estate

 financing? If so, what kinds of needs would be appropriate?

     13. Should the Enterprises receive credit for purchasing chattel

 loans, on an ongoing or pilot basis? If so what improvements should be

 made in the process for originating and servicing that would make

 chattel loans safer for purchase by the Enterprises and safer for

 borrowers?

     14. Should Duty to Serve credit be available for Enterprise support

 of chattel-titled manufactured homes where the units are sited in

 manufactured housing communities for which an Enterprise has purchased

 the blanket loan and the blanket loan purchase qualifies for Duty to

 Serve credit?

     15. If FHFA allows Duty to Serve credit for Enterprise support of

 chattel lending, should the tenant protections as described in

 ``Manufactured Housing Communities with Tenant Protections--Proposed

 Sec.  1282.33(c)(2)(iii)'' below also be required? How could compliance

 with borrower and tenant protections be implemented and monitored

 within the operational systems and capacities of the Enterprises and

 those of their seller/servicers and other counterparties?

 ii. Manufactured Housing Communities--Proposed Sec.  1282.33(c)(2)

     Section 1282.33(c)(2) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise activities related to facilitating a

 secondary market for mortgages on certain categories of manufactured

 housing communities. Under the proposed rule, three specific types of

 activities would constitute Regulatory Activities that the Enterprises

 would have to address in their Underserved Markets Plans by indicating

 how they will undertake one or more of the activities or the reasons

 why they will not undertake each of the activities. These three

 Regulatory Activities are:

     a. Support for blanket mortgages on manufactured housing

 communities with 150 pads or less;

     b. Support for blanket mortgages on government-, nonprofit-, or

 resident-owned manufactured housing communities; and

     c. Support for blanket mortgages on manufactured housing

 communities that have certain specified minimum protections for tenants

 in the pad leases.



 A single manufactured housing community that fits more than one of

 these categories would be eligible for additional Duty to Serve credit.

     Proposed Sec.  1282.1 would define ``manufactured housing

 community'' as a tract of land under unified ownership and developed

 for the purpose of providing individual rental spaces for the placement

 of manufactured homes within its boundaries. The homes, which may be

 owner-occupied, i.e., chattel-owned, or leased from the community

 owner, are sited on pads. A unit owner leases the pad on which the

 owner-occupied unit is located, adding this cost to monthly payments on

 the chattel loan for the unit. Leased units may include the pad in the

 rent, or may require a separate rent for the pad. The total housing

 costs for any manufactured housing community resident typically include

 monthly utility payments, which can be significant.\54\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \54\ Rural Trailer-Park Households, supra note 30, at 95, 101.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     There are an estimated 50,000 to 60,000 manufactured home

 communities nationwide, and they typically have fewer than 200

 pads.\55\ Manufactured housing communities tend to be in rural and

 lower-income areas.\56\ More than 50 percent of rental manufactured

 homes are concentrated in eight states.\57\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \55\ Rural Trailer-Park Households, supra note 30, at 95, 97.

 See also Manufactured Housing Association for Regulatory Reform,

 Letter to FHFA, 6-7 (Sept. 2, 2009) (comment letter on FHFA's Duty

 to Serve Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking). This trade

 association advised that 85 percent of manufactured housing

 communities have fewer than 100 units. Id.

     \56\ See Rural Trailer-Park Households, supra note 30, at 95;

 Housing Assistance Council, Rural Housing Research Note, Preserving

 Affordable Manufactured Home Communities in Rural America: A Case

 Study at 3 (Mar. 2011), available at
http://www.ruralhome.org/storage/documents/rcbi_manufactured.pdf.

     \57\ Freddie Mac, ``2015 Multifamily Outlook--Executive

 Summary,'' Multifamily Research Perspectives, at 16-17 (Feb. 2015),

 available at http://www.freddiemac.com/multifamily/pdf/2015_outlook.pdf. The
states, in order of highest number of rental

 manufactured housing units, are North Carolina, Texas, Florida,

 California, Georgia, South Carolina, Tennessee and Alabama. Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The development of new affordable manufactured housing communities

 faces challenges, and the continued existence of many communities that

 are located closer to urban areas is threatened. Zoning constraints,

 permit requirements, and rising land values deter the development of

 new affordable communities, while providing



 [[Page 79191]]



 incentives for owners to convert existing communities to uses other

 than affordable housing.\58\ Rent controls on communities in some

 jurisdictions benefit households, but may also contribute to a

 community owner's decision to sell or convert affordable

 communities.\59\ At the same time, high-end communities are becoming

 more popular with investors,\60\ and the demand for the limited supply

 of high-end communities for sale has driven up community prices.\61\

 Some types of manufactured housing communities have become highly

 desirable investments and have abundant financing options \62\ that may

 not be available to communities in secondary and tertiary markets, or

 those that use septic systems and wells.\63\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \58\ See generally Casey J. Dawkins, C. Theodore Koebel, Marilyn

 Cavell, Steve Hullibarger, David B. Hattis & Howard Weissman,

 ``Regulatory Barriers to Manufactured Housing Placement in Urban

 Communities,'' at 107 (Jan. 2011) (Report to HUD), available at

 http://www.huduser.org/Publications/pdf/mfghsg_HUD_2011.pdf

 (``Manufactured housing placements, on the other hand, are

 influenced by a variety of regulatory barriers, including the lack

 of by-right zoning, burdensome fees, permits, snow load standards,

 fire codes, zoning codes, subdivision regulations, architectural

 design standards, and environmental regulations.''). See also Larry

 Harwood, ``Manufactured Success Today's land-lease communities

 provide an alternative niche for investment dollars,'' CIRE Magazine

 (Mar.-Apr. 2008), available at
http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/manufactured-success. This article
describes incentives for

 investors to convert manufactured housing communities as follows:

     The other advantage of owning the land rather than the homes is

 that land potentially can be sold or developed for another, more

 profitable, purpose. If located in a developing area, an older

 mobile home community can become a very valuable infill location

 sought after by home builders or commercial property developers and

 easily can be repurposed with minimum demolition expense. An

 institutional owner may have the wherewithal to undertake a

 redevelopment of the land when the time is right. In fact, today's

 stable cash flows coupled with the possibility of a long-term land

 play is what motivates some institutional investors to acquire

 manufactured-home communities. Id.

     \59\ See Sandy Mazza, ``State Supreme Court rejects Carson

 mobile home park owner's rent-control challenge,'' Daily Breeze

 (Feb. 3, 2014), available at
http://www.dailybreeze.com/general-news/20140202/state-supreme-court-rejects-car
son-mobile-home-park-owners-rent-control-challenge; Matt Kettmann,
``California's

 Trailer-Parks War: Owners vs. Renters'' (Jan. 15, 2011), available

 at http://content.time.com/time/nation/article/0,8599,2042710,00.html.

     \60\ See Nancy Olmsted, Marcus & Millichap, ``Investor Demand

 Strong for Manufactured Housing Near Urban Areas,'' Second Half

 2015, Manufactured Housing Research Report, at 1 (2015).

     \61\ See Nancy Olmsted, Marcus & Millichap, ``Investors

 Competing for Limited Supply of Manufactured Home Communities,''

 First Half 2015, Manufactured Housing Research Report, at 1 (2015).

     \62\ See Tony Petosa, Nick Bertino & Creighton Weber, ``Wells

 Fargo Multifamily Capital, Manufactured Home Community Financing

 Handbook,'' at 7 (9th ed. Spring 2015). For a discussion of the high

 desirability of manufactured housing communities as an investment,

 see generally, Nancy Olmsted, Marcus & Millichap, ``Investors

 Competing for Limited Supply of Manufactured Home Communities,''

 First Half 2015, Manufactured Housing Research Report (2015). See

 also, Larry Harwood, ``Manufactured Success Today's land-lease

 communities provide an alternative niche for investment dollars,''

 CIRE Magazine (Mar-Apr. 2008), available at
http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/manufactured-success.

     \63\ See Nancy Olmsted, Marcus & Millichap, ``Investor Demand

 Strong for Manufactured Housing Near Urban Areas,'' Second Half

 2015, Manufactured Housing Research Report, at 1 (2015).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Fannie Mae has been purchasing blanket loans on manufactured

 housing communities for more than 15 years. The blanket mortgages

 purchased by Fannie Mae on manufactured housing communities have

 performed as well as other multifamily loans in its portfolio.

     Freddie Mac only recently entered the manufactured housing

 community market, but its blanket loan program is now fully

 operational. To date, the blanket mortgages purchased by Freddie Mac on

 manufactured housing communities have performed consistently with

 Freddie Mac's multifamily portfolio as a whole.

     Commenters on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule were divided as

 to whether the Enterprises should receive Duty to Serve credit for

 supporting manufactured housing communities. Some commenters favored

 giving credit only for support of resident-owned manufactured housing

 communities, other commenters recommended giving credit for not-for-

 profit-owned communities, while other commenters favored giving credit

 for both types of communities. FHFA has considered these comments,

 market changes since 2010, and the housing needs of very low-, low-,

 and moderate-income households in developing the proposed requirements

 for the Duty to Serve the manufactured housing market, as further

 discussed below.

 (1) Small Manufactured Housing Communities--Proposed Sec.

 1282.33(c)(2)(i)

     Section 1282.33(c)(2)(i) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise activities related to facilitating a

 secondary market for mortgages on blanket loans on small manufactured

 housing communities, defined as communities with 150 pads or less,

 which would constitute a Regulatory Activity. Duty to Serve credit

 would be available for these communities regardless of the type of

 ownership--for-profit, government, nonprofit or resident.

     Small manufactured housing communities compose the great bulk of

 the manufactured housing market, and are likely to be located in lower-

 income or rural areas.\64\ Experience suggests that, much like small

 multifamily rental properties, small manufactured housing communities

 are more likely to have lower pad or unit rents and, therefore, may be

 more affordable to very low-, low-, and moderate-income families. Small

 manufactured housing communities often have fewer, if any, amenities,

 have less developed site infrastructure, and tend to have long-term

 residents.\65\ While these factors make smaller manufactured housing

 communities an important source of affordable housing, they can also

 make financing more difficult to obtain.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \64\ See generally Rural Trailer-Park Households, supra note 30,

 at 95-97.

     \65\ See generally Larry Harwood, ``Manufactured Success Today's

 land-lease communities provide an alternative niche for investment

 dollars,'' CIRE Magazine (Mar.-Apr. 2008), available at
http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/manufactured-success.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Industry observation also indicates that local banks or credit

 unions frequently originate the loans obtained by smaller manufactured

 housing communities and hold the loans in portfolio. Although permanent

 financing may be available on relatively favorable terms in the current

 market, including less expensive loans with fixed interest rates for 5-

 year terms,\66\ this has not been the case in all market conditions and

 for all community owners. Similar to the financing options available to

 small multifamily property owners, the financing more commonly

 available to owners of small manufactured housing communities has not

 been fully amortizing and loan terms have often been short, at the end

 of which time a balloon payment is due. The interest rates for loans on

 small manufactured housing communities were more likely to be

 adjustable and may likely have been higher than the rates available to

 owners of larger communities.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \66\ In steep yield curve environments, such as the current

 market, interest rates are higher for longer-term loans. Some buyers

 opt for shorter-term loans to take advantage of the lower interest

 rate.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The manufactured housing community blanket loans that the

 Enterprises have purchased to date have tended to be loans on larger

 manufactured housing communities. Many of the blanket loans purchased

 are for age-restricted communities, and are for properties located in

 only a few states. Duty to Serve credit is not needed to provide an

 incentive for Enterprise support for blanket loans for well-served

 manufactured housing communities that are less likely to have very low-

 , low-, or moderate-income



 [[Page 79192]]



 families. Although the Enterprises' underwriting guides do not exclude

 small manufactured housing communities, the Enterprises have not been

 significantly active in this market segment.

     FHFA understands that extra efforts by the Enterprises may be

 necessary to support small manufactured housing communities due to

 economies of scale and operational considerations.\67\ Nevertheless,

 the Enterprises could play a role in supporting fixed rate, longer-

 term, fully amortizing financing than is currently available for some

 small manufactured housing communities.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \67\ See George Allen, ``Manufactured-Home Communities Come of

 Age,'' CCIM Institute (Oct. 1996), available at
http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/manufactured-home-communities-come-ag
e (``It

 takes 50 to 75--or even 100--rental home sites to generate an

 economy of scale that adequately rewards a passive investor, funds a

 centralized property management operation for a syndicator or real

 estate investment trust (REIT), and provides a satisfactory comfort

 factor for most lenders.'').

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 (2) Manufactured Housing Communities Owned by Governmental Units or

 Instrumentalities, Nonprofits, or Residents--Proposed Sec.

 1282.33(c)(2)(ii)

     Section 1282.33(c)(2)(ii) of the proposed rule would provide Duty

 to Serve credit for Enterprise activities related to facilitating a

 secondary market for mortgages on manufactured housing communities

 owned by governmental units or instrumentalities, nonprofits, or

 residents, which would constitute a Regulatory Activity.

     The purpose of these types of manufactured housing communities is

 usually to serve lower-income residents. These communities tend to

 preserve the continued existence of the community, promote fair

 treatment of tenants, and help preserve permanent affordability.\68\

 However, these communities often have difficulty obtaining financing

 due to typically lower profitability relative to communities with

 higher-income residents.\69\ One study found that residents of

 resident-owned communities ``have consistent economic advantages over

 their counterparts in investor-owned communities, as evidenced by lower

 lot fees, higher average home sales prices, faster home sales, and

 access to fixed rate home financing.'' \70\ Although government-,

 nonprofit-, and resident-owned communities currently make up a very

 small portion of the overall manufactured housing community market,

 more active support by the Enterprises for these types of ownership may

 encourage more manufactured housing communities to convert to this form

 of ownership, with the attendant benefits for the residents.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \68\ See generally Millennium Housing--Mission Statement,

 available at http://www.millenniumhousing.net/asp/Site/About/Mission/index.asp.


     \69\ See generally Millennium Housing--Our History, available at

 http://www.millenniumhousing.net/asp/Site/About/History/index.asp.

     \70\ Sally K. Ward, Charlie French & Kelly Giraud, ``Resident

 Ownership in New Hampshire's `Mobile Home Parks:' A Report on

 Economic Outcomes'' (rev. 2010), available at
http://scholars.unh.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1009&context=carsey.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 (3) Manufactured Housing Communities With Tenant Pad Lease

 Protections--Proposed Sec.  1282.33(c)(2)(iii)

     Section 1282.33(c)(2)(iii) of the proposed rule would provide Duty

 to Serve credit for Enterprise activities related to facilitating a

 secondary market for blanket loans on manufactured housing communities

 that have certain specified minimum pad lease protections for tenants,

 which would constitute a Regulatory Activity.

     Business practices of manufactured housing rental community owners

 with their tenants vary widely, as with all forms of rental housing.

 For example, some manufactured housing community owners have sharply

 raised pad rents or unexpectedly canceled leases, particularly where

 the land has appreciated in value due to urban sprawl.\71\ Some

 community owners have reportedly suppressed tenant complaints and

 organizing efforts for tenant associations. Tenants have been displaced

 as a result of sales of their communities or conversions of their

 communities to other uses.\72\ A nationwide scarcity of available sites

 for relocation of existing manufactured housing units has also allowed

 some manufactured housing community owners or managers to enforce

 restrictive community regulations.\73\ The Rhode Island Supreme Court

 has noted that ``special circumstances'' exist with manufactured

 housing communities, and unequal bargaining power may lead to

 ``abuses'' by the manufactured housing community owner.\74\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \71\ Rural Trailer-Park Households, supra note 30, at 95, 100.

 See generally Laura Flanders, ``Affordable Housing for Seniors in

 the Cross Hairs in Chicago,'' The Nation (May 15, 2012), available

 at
http://www.thenation.com/article/affordable-housing-seniors-cross-hairs-chicago/
.

     \72\ Regarding displacement of residents, see Shannon Sims,

 ``The odd legal limbo for mobile home owners,'' USA Today (May 4,

 2015), available at
http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2015/05/04/ozy-odd-limbo-mobile-home-owners/
26866693/. For a discussion of

 unequal bargaining power between manufactured community owners and

 tenants, and related legislative responses, see ``Validity,

 construction, and application of mobile home eviction statutes,'' 43

 A.L.R.5th 705 (1996); Bailey H. Kuklin, ``Housing and Technology:

 The Mobile Home Experience,'' 44 Tenn. L. Rev. 765 (Spring 1977).

     \73\ Rural Trailer-Park Households, supra note 30, at 95, 99-

 100.

     \74\ See Kingston Mobile Home Park v. Strashnick, 774 A.2d 847,

 853 (R.I. 2001), noted in Brown v. Shumpert, 2003 R.I. Super. LEXIS

 125, Superior Court of Rhode Island, Providence (Oct. 2, 2003, Filed

 C.A. NO.: PC99-5926, C.A. NO.: PC02-2594).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Manufactured housing community tenants face significant costs and

 difficulties in relocating their units.\75\ Relocation costs can total

 between $3,000\76\ and $5,000.\77\ Tenants are usually responsible for

 removing their own skirting, deck, steps, and landscaping prior to

 moving their units.\78\ The tenant may not be able to find a new

 manufactured housing community in which to live because many

 communities are full or will not accept used units.\79\ Zoning

 regulations in some counties and municipalities prevent the placement

 of older units.\80\ Currently, neither Enterprise will purchase a

 mortgage secured by a manufactured home that has been moved.\81\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \75\ Frank Rolfe, ``Why Mobile Home Parks Have Such An Unfair

 Advantage in Commercial Real Estate,'' available at
http://www.mobilehomeuniversity.com/articles/why-mobile-home-parks-have-an-unfai
r-advantage-in-commercial-real-restate.php. See also Drew

 Harwell, ``Mobile home park investors bet on older, poorer

 America,'' Tampa Bay Times (May 17, 2014), available at
http://www.tampabay.com/news/business/realestate/mobile-home-park-investors-bet-
on-older-poorer-america/2180277.

     \76\ William Apgar, Allegra Calder, Michael Collins & Mark Duda,

 Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, ``An Examination of

 Manufactured Housing as a Community--and Asset--Building Strategy,''

 at 5 (Sept. 2002), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/w02-11_apgar_et_al.pdf.


     \77\ See Jessica Nicklos, ``Frank & Dave--Their Life in the

 Affordable Housing Industry and Predictions for the Future,'' at 9.

     \78\ See Tony Guerra, ``The Average Cost to Deliver and Set Up a

 Mobile Home,'' available at
http://homeguides.sfgate.com/average-cost-deliver-set-up-mobile-home-96554.html.


     \79\ See Consumers Union, ``Manufactured Homeowners Who Rent

 Lots Lack Security of Basic Tenants Rights'' (Feb. 21, 2001),

 available at http://consumersunion.org/pdf/manhome.pdf. But see

 Harold D. Hunt, ``Keys to Successful Manufactured Housing

 Communities,'' Publication 2101, at 4 (June 4, 2015), available at

 http://recenter.tamu.edu/pdf/2101.pdf.

     \80\ See Schanzenbach v. Town of La Barge, 706 F.3d 1277 (10th

 Cir. 2013); Five C's, Inc. v. County of Pasquotank, 195 N.C. App.

 410, 672 SE.2d 737 (2009). See generally David W. Owens,

 ``Manufactured Housing, Modular Housing, and Zoning'' (May 2014)

 (School of Government, The University of North Carolina at Chapel

 Hill), available at
https://www.sog.unc.edu/resources/legal-summaries/manufactured-housing-modular-h
ousing-and-zoning.

     \81\ See Fannie Mae, Selling Guide, ``B2-3-02: Special Property

 Eligibility and Underwriting Considerations: Factory-Built Housing

 (04/15/2014)'' (Apr. 15, 2014) (``The unit must not have been

 previously installed or occupied at any other site or location.''),

 available at https://www.fanniemae.com/content/guide/selling/b2/3/02.html;
Freddie Mac, 1 Single-Family Seller/Servicer Guide H33.3(b)

 (Sept.1, 2015).



 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [[Page 79193]]



     Pad lease protections in manufactured housing communities are

 generally a matter of state or local law and, thus, these protections

 can vary widely.\82\ In light of concerns raised about the treatment of

 tenants in some manufactured housing communities,\83\ the proposed rule

 would include a list of pad lease protections that FHFA believes would

 be appropriate for Duty to Serve credit. Specifically, the proposed

 rule would provide that Enterprise support for a manufactured housing

 community that has, at a minimum, all of the following pad lease

 protections would receive Duty to Serve credit:

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \82\ See United States Government Accountability Office, Report

 to Congressional Requesters, ``Federal Housing Administration--

 Agency Should Assess the Effects of Proposed Changes to the

 Manufactured Home Loan Program,'' GAO-07-879, at 5 (Aug. 2007),

 available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d07879.pdf. The National

 Consumer Law Center reports, for example, that only 16 states

 require that manufactured housing community pad leases have some

 minimum lease term, and only 33 states require grounds for evicting

 residents from a community. See National Consumer Law Center,

 ``Manufactured Housing Resource Guide--Protecting Fundamental

 Freedoms in Communities,'' at 4-5 (Oct. 2010), available at
http://cfed.org/assets/pdfs/groundwork.pdf.

     \83\ See United States Government Accountability Office, Report

 to Congressional Requesters, ``Federal Housing Administration--

 Agency Should Assess the Effects of Proposed Changes to the

 Manufactured Home Loan Program,'' GAO-07-879, at 5 (Aug. 2007),

 available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d07879.pdf; National

 Consumer Law Center, ``Manufactured Housing Resource Guide--

 Protecting Fundamental Freedoms in Communities,'' at 4-5 (Oct.

 2010), available at http://cfed.org/assets/pdfs/groundwork.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     a. The lease term must be for a minimum of one year and renewable

 absent good cause; \84\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \84\ For a discussion of the effects of month-to-month and

 annual leases, see Rupert Neate, ``Trailer park king sued by

 residents in Texas for raising rents,'' theguardian (May 11, 2015),

 available at
http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/may/11/trailer-park-king-sued-by-residen
ts-in-texas-for-raising-rents.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     b. There must be at least 30 days advance written notice of a rent

 increase;

     c. There must be at least a five-day grace period for rent

 payments, and tenants must have a right to cure defaults on rent

 payments;

     d. If the tenant defaults on rent payments, the tenant must have

 the right to:

     i. Sell the tenant's unit without having to first relocate it out

 of the community;

     ii. Sublease or assign the lease for the unexpired term to the new

 buyer of the tenant's unit without any unreasonable restraint;

     iii. Post ``For Sale'' signs; and

     iv. Have a reasonable period of time after an eviction to sell the

 unit; and,

     e. Tenants must receive at least 120 days advance notice of a

 planned sale or closure of the community within which time the tenants,

 or an organization acting on behalf of a group of tenants, may match

 any bona fide offer for sale. The community owner shall consider the

 tenants' offer and negotiate with them in good faith.

     FHFA recognizes that an individual tenant is unlikely to be able to

 purchase a community by himself or herself. For this reason, the pad

 lease protections would allow tenants 120 days to match any bona fide

 offer for sale, giving tenants time to form a homeowners' association

 or tenants' association to purchase the community.

     FHFA believes that the Enterprises can use their market influence

 in support of the pad lease protection standards described here

 becoming more of a norm in the industry. An Enterprise may verify that

 the pad leases in a manufactured housing community being served by the

 Enterprise contain, at a minimum, the specified tenant protections at

 the time the Enterprise purchases the blanket loan by obtaining a

 certification to this effect from the seller/servicer. Sellers and

 servicers would not be expected to oversee compliance by the

 manufactured housing community borrowers with these pad lease

 provisions. Likewise, FHFA would not require that the covenants in the

 blanket loan provide for default in the event of non-compliance with

 the tenant protections by the manufactured housing community borrower.

 The tenants, in their discretion, would be responsible for pursuing any

 private relief in those instances that may be available under state

 law.

     Some commenters on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule favored

 tenant protections for any loan that receives Duty to Serve credit.

 Although the Enterprises are major participants in the manufactured

 housing community market and have some degree of influence, this is

 currently a highly competitive market. Requiring the tenant protections

 for the Duty to Serve eligibility of every manufactured housing

 community loan may simply incentivize community owners to seek funding

 elsewhere.

     Manufactured housing communities subject to federal, state or local

 laws providing pad lease protections equal to or greater than those

 listed above would meet the requirements of the proposed rule. As an

 alternative to obtaining a seller/servicer certification of the pad

 lease protections for a community securing a loan purchased by an

 Enterprise, the Enterprise may verify that such laws apply to the

 community.

 c. Evaluating Affordability for Manufactured Housing Communities--

 Proposed Sec.  1282.39(g)

     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Enterprises' Duty to

 Serve manufactured housing activities must be for very low-, low-, and

 moderate-income families.\85\ Under the statute, ``very low-income'' is

 defined as having an income of 50 percent or less of the area median

 income, adjusted for household size; ``low-income'' is defined as

 having an income of 80 percent or less of the area median income,

 adjusted for household size; and ``moderate-income'' is defined as

 having an income of 100 percent or less of the area median income,

 adjusted for household size.\86\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \85\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(a)(1)(A).

     \86\ 12 U.S.C. 4502.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Owners of manufactured housing communities are unlikely to know the

 incomes of all of their residents at the time a blanket loan for the

 community is originated or sold to an Enterprise. In order for an

 Enterprise's purchase of a blanket loan on a manufactured housing

 community to receive credit under the loan purchase assessment factor,

 an alternative to requiring the Enterprises to obtain the income of the

 tenants in the community is needed. FHFA has previously established a

 proxy methodology for determining affordability for the Enterprises'

 housing goals that uses total monthly housing costs (rents plus utility

 costs) instead of incomes.\87\ That methodology would be used for

 determining affordability of multifamily properties under this proposed

 rule. However, total monthly housing costs (unit owners' total monthly

 note payments plus pad rent payments adjusted for bedroom size) in

 manufactured housing communities are generally not known to the owners

 of the communities. Accordingly, to determine affordability for

 manufactured housing communities, Sec.  1282.39(g) of the proposed rule

 would set forth a methodology that would apply to manufactured housing

 communities, regardless of the type of ownership or size of the

 community. The methodology would compare the median income for the

 census tract in which the community is located with the median income

 for the entire metropolitan area in which the census tract is located.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \87\ See 80 FR 53392, 53432 (Sept. 3, 2015), to be codified at

 12 CFR 1282.15(d)(1).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     For example, for a community located in a census tract where the

 median



 [[Page 79194]]



 income does not exceed 100 percent of the median income of the area in

 which the census tract is located, all residents of the community would

 be deemed to have incomes not exceeding 100 percent of the area median

 income and, thus, would meet the definition of ``moderate-income'' in

 the Safety and Soundness Act. In this case, the entire unpaid principal

 balance of the loan on such a community would receive credit, provided

 the loan meets all other requirements of the regulation.

     For a manufactured housing community located in a census tract

 where the median income exceeds the median income of the area in which

 the census tract is located, the area median income would be divided by

 the median income of the census tract to generate a percentage, which

 would then be multiplied by the unpaid principal balance of the blanket

 loan. For example, if the census tract's median income is $125,000, the

 area median income is $100,000, and the unpaid principal balance of the

 loan is $1,000,000, the Enterprise would receive partial Duty to Serve

 credit of $800,000, as calculated in the following manner:



 Step 1: $100,000 / $125,000 = 80%

 Step 2: 80% x $1,000,000 = $800,000



     FHFA recognizes that under this proposed methodology, the

 Enterprises could receive Duty to Serve credit for purchases of

 mortgages on manufactured housing communities that may have some

 residents with incomes exceeding the area median income. The proposed

 methodology takes this into account through the partial credit

 component of the methodology. FHFA believes that the proposed

 methodology is a reasonable approach that will result in Duty to Serve

 credit being provided for manufactured housing communities that largely

 serve income-eligible households.

     Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) data for 2013 show that 64

 percent of originations of loans on manufactured housing units were for

 borrowers with incomes at or below 100 percent of area median income.

 Forty-eight percent of these borrowers were very low- or low-

 income.\88\ Another data series, the American Housing Survey, shows

 that, as of 2013, the median income for ``manufactured housing/mobile

 home'' households was $28,400,\89\ while the estimated median income

 nationwide of all homeowners was $64,400.\90\ In 2009, 22 percent of

 manufactured housing residents had incomes at or below the federal

 poverty level.\91\ While the data do not indicate whether these

 borrowers reside in manufactured housing communities, they are

 indicative generally of the lower incomes of manufactured housing

 residents and suggest a higher likelihood that residents of

 manufactured housing communities have lower incomes.\92\ At the same

 time, giving Duty to Serve credit for a manufactured housing community

 that serves both lower-income and higher-income households may be

 desirable because it may contribute significant benefits to the low-

 and moderate-income households in the community and to the success and

 sustainability of the community. There is substantial research on the

 benefits of mixed-income housing.\93\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \88\ These percentages come from 2013 HMDA data on manufactured

 housing unit loan originations, including borrowers residing in

 manufactured housing communities as well as borrowers who owned the

 land on which their units were located. Borrower income was not

 reported in HMDA on 14 percent of originations. To arrive at the

 figures presented (64 percent at or below area median income and 36

 percent above area median income), this 14 percent figure was

 subtracted from the total and the remainder adjusted proportionately

 as between originations above and below the median. FHFA is unaware

 of any reason the 14 percent of borrowers would disproportionately

 have incomes over 100 percent of area median income. The figures

 presented include home purchase and refinance loans, but not

 rehabilitation loans.

     \89\ U.S. Census Bureau, American Housing Survey (2013, Last

 Revised: May 14, 2015), Table C-09A-AO, available at
http://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/ahs/data/2013/national-summary-report-and
-tables_mdash;ahs-2013.html.

     \90\ See U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development,

 Notice PDR 2013-01, at 1 (Dec. 11, 2012), available at
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il13/Medians2013.pdf.

     \91\ See Howard Banker & Robin LeBaron, Fair Mortgage

 Collaborative, ``Toward a Sustainable and Responsible Expansion of

 Affordable Mortgages for Manufactured Homes,'' at 9 (Mar. 2013),

 available at
http://cfed.org/assets/pdfs/IM_HOME_Loan_Data_Collection_Project_Report.pdf.

     \92\ Some states have made legislative determinations finding

 that manufactured housing serves lower- and moderate-income

 households that might otherwise go without housing. See generally

 N.C. Gen. Stat. 160A-383.1 (2001). See also R.I. Gen. Laws section

 31-44.1-1; 25 Del. C. section 7040.

     \93\ See HUD Community Planning and Development, ``Mixed-Income

 Housing and the HOME Program'' (2003), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=19790_200315.pdf. See

 generally Diane K. Levy, Zach McDade & Kassie Dumlao, ``Effects from

 Living in Mixed-Income Communities for Low-Income Families--A Review

 of the Literature'' (Nov. 2010) (Urban Institute), available at

http://www.urban.org/research/publication/effects-living-mixed-income-communitie
s-low-income-families/view/full_report; Robert

 Chaskin & Mark Joseph, The University of Chicago School of Social

 Service Administration, ``Mixed-Income Development Study'' (Spring

 2009), available at
https://ssascholars.uchicago.edu/mixed-income-development-study/content/overview
-0. But see Robert C. Ellickson,

 ``The False Promise of the Mixed-Income Housing Project,'' 57 UCLA

 L. Rev. 983 (2010) (concluding that many recent social-scientific

 studies weaken the case for government support of mixed-income

 projects).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     16. Are there other segments of the manufactured housing market

 besides those discussed above that warrant Enterprise support under the

 Duty to Serve, such as communities located in lower-income or

 economically distressed areas?

     17. Is the proposed limit of 150 pads for an eligible small

 manufactured housing community appropriate? Is there a different

 threshold that could better achieve the purposes of the Duty to Serve?

     18. Are the proposed pad lease protections appropriate? Should any

 additional pad lease protections be required for an Enterprise to

 receive Duty to Serve credit?

     19. Should the proposed pad lease protections be required for any

 manufactured housing community, regardless of its ownership or size, to

 be eligible for Duty to Serve credit?

     20. Would the proposed methodology for determining affordability

 effectively approximate the incomes of the community's tenants? Are

 there other approaches that could effectively approximate the incomes

 of manufactured housing community tenants to comply with the Duty to

 Serve family income requirements, e.g., the size of the blanket loan on

 the community or the size of the community?

     21. Could governing or financing documents for the community

 provide a proxy for resident incomes? For communities owned by

 governmental units or instrumentalities, would regulations, handbooks

 or financing documents specifying income criteria for the residents be

 an appropriate indicator of tenant incomes? For nonprofit-owned and

 resident-owned communities, would the founding documents for the

 community, which describe its mission as serving lower-income families,

 or financing agreements or other documents from funding sources

 specifying the required income levels of intended beneficiaries, be

 appropriate indicators of tenant incomes? Is there any comparable

 documentation that could be applicable to communities with for-profit

 owners, e.g., where they have accepted income restrictions in order to

 accept Section 8 vouchers?

     22. Where the loan seller knows the incomes of the tenants of a

 manufactured housing community at the time an Enterprise purchases the



 [[Page 79195]]



 blanket loan on the community, should the incomes be used to determine

 affordability, and what operational concerns might be associated with

 transferring the income data to the Enterprises?

     23. Are there other loan programs, terms or lending criteria that,

 if adopted, could increase Enterprise purchases of blanket loans on

 manufactured housing communities?

     24. Should FHFA address geographic diversity of the Enterprises'

 assistance for manufactured housing as part of the Duty to Serve

 manufactured housing community financing needs, and if so, how?

     25. Since manufactured housing community acquisition loans may

 support large sales prices on existing communities which, in turn, may

 drive increases in pad rents and render the communities unaffordable to

 lower-income households, should acquisition loans be ineligible for

 Duty to Serve credit? Are there particular instances where acquisition

 loans benefit very low-, low-, and moderate-income households?

     26. Would Enterprise refinance loans be particularly helpful to

 residents because they are long-term, fixed rate and relatively low-

 cost, which reduces the pressure on community owners to increase pad

 rents?

 2. Affordable Housing Preservation Market--Proposed Sec.  1282.34

 a. Background

     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Enterprises ``shall

 develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to

 facilitate a secondary market to preserve housing affordable to very

 low-, low-, and moderate-income families,'' including housing projects

 subsidized under certain specified federal grant, subsidy and mortgage

 insurance programs enumerated in the Act.\94\ Section 1282.34(c) of the

 proposed rule would provide Duty to Serve credit for Enterprise

 activities related to facilitating a secondary market for mortgages on

 housing under any of these statutorily-enumerated programs.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \94\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(a)(1)(B).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In addition, Sec.  1282.34(d) of the proposed rule would provide

 Duty to Serve credit for Enterprise activities related to facilitating

 a secondary market for mortgages for: Existing small multifamily

 properties; energy efficiency improvements on existing multifamily

 rental properties; energy efficiency improvements on existing owner-

 occupied single-family properties; affordable homeownership

 preservation through shared equity homeownership programs; HUD's Choice

 Neighborhoods Initiative; and HUD's Rental Assistance Demonstration

 program. Under the proposed rule, each of these activities would

 constitute a Regulatory Activity that the Enterprises must address in

 their Underserved Markets Plans by describing how they will undertake

 the activity or explaining the reasons why they will not undertake the

 activity. The Plans may also include Additional Activities that support

 housing for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families consisting of

 affordable rental housing preservation and affordable homeownership

 preservation, subject to FHFA determination of whether such activities

 are eligible for Duty to Serve credit.

 b. Interpreting ``Preservation''

     The Safety and Soundness Act does not define the term

 ``preservation'' for the affordable housing preservation market.

 Preservation strategies for affordable rental housing and homeownership

 differ.

 i. Affordable Rental Housing

     For affordable rental housing, preservation is generally understood

 among affordable housing practitioners to mean preserving the

 affordability of the rents to tenants in existing properties, including

 preventing conversion of the properties to market rents at the end of

 the required long-term affordability retention periods, typically 15

 years, which is also the time at which major rehabilitation of the

 properties is usually needed.\95\ This is consistent with the plain

 meaning of the term ``preservation,'' which is maintaining something in

 its existing state.\96\ The concept of ``preservation'' in the rental

 housing context is not generally understood to include new construction

 of rental properties.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \95\ This is the focus of HUD's Office of Affordable Housing

 Preservation (recently renamed the Office of Recapitalization).

     \96\ See Cambridge Dictionaries Online, definition of

 ``preserve.''

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     However, the population has been expanding while the stock of

 affordable rental housing has been shrinking.\97\ The rate of new

 construction of affordable rental housing has not kept pace with the

 demand.\98\ Further, more desirable markets face particular upward rent

 pressure.\99\ One way to preserve affordability is to give credit for

 newly constructed rental units where long-term affordability is

 required by regulatory agreements, such as for at least 15 years, the

 standard affordability retention period for rental housing. In

 addition, some of the specifically enumerated programs under the

 affordable housing preservation market in the Safety and Soundness Act

 involve new construction, arguably indicating congressional intent that

 support for new construction be included under this market, although

 Congress may have intended only that support for existing properties

 under these programs at the point of their expiring regulatory

 agreements be included in this market.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \97\ See Evidence Matters, Policy Development and Research,

 Department of Housing and Urban Development, ``Preserving Affordable

 Rental Housing: A Snapshot of Growing Need, Current Threats, and

 Innovative Solutions,'' Summer 2013, available
athttp://www.huduser.gov/portal/periodicals/em/em_newsletter_summer_2013_fnl.pdf
.

     \98\ Id.

     \99\ Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     FHFA specifically requests comments on whether the term

 ``preservation'' should be interpreted to allow Duty to Serve credit

 for Enterprise support for both the purchase of permanent construction

 take-out loans \100\ on rental properties with long-term affordability

 regulatory agreements and the purchase of refinanced mortgages on

 existing rental properties with long-term affordability regulatory

 agreements.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \100\ The Enterprises purchase permanent construction take-out

 loans but not acquisition/development/construction loans.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 ii. Energy Efficiency Improvements on Existing Multifamily Rental

 Properties

     Lowering energy and water use in multifamily buildings will reduce

 the total amount that tenants spend for the energy and water that they

 do use, thus reducing their utility consumption. This can be considered

 ``preservation'' under the affordable housing preservation market

 because housing costs are typically defined as rent plus utility costs.

 Thus, savings in utility consumption that reduce utility expenses may

 help maintain the overall affordability of rental housing for tenants.

 Accordingly, under the proposed rule, Enterprise support for energy and

 water efficiency improvements on existing multifamily properties

 affordable to very low-, low-, and moderate-income families would be a

 Regulatory Activity, provided there are verifiable, reliable

 projections or expectations that the improvements financed by the loan

 will reduce energy and water consumption by the tenant by at least 15

 percent. The reduced utility costs derived from the reduced consumption

 must not be offset by higher rents or other charges imposed by the

 property owner, and the reduced



 [[Page 79196]]



 utility costs must offset the upfront costs of the improvements within

 a reasonable time period.

 iii. Energy Efficiency Improvements on Single-Family, First-Lien

 Properties

     As with multifamily rental properties, preservation of affordable

 single-family properties (homeownership or rental) may also encompass

 lowering home energy costs. Lowering energy costs can help a homeowner

 to continue to afford mortgage payments and other housing costs and

 remain in the home or help a tenant afford rent. Under the proposed

 rule, Enterprise support for energy efficiency improvements on existing

 single-family, first-lien properties would be a Regulatory Activity

 provided there are verifiable, reliable projections or expectations

 that the improvements financed by the loan will reduce utility

 consumption by the homeowner or tenant by at least 15 percent. The

 reduced utility costs derived from the reduced consumption must offset

 the upfront costs of the improvements within a reasonable time period,

 and in the case of a single-family rental property, the reduced utility

 costs must not be offset by higher rents or other charges imposed by

 the property owner.

 iv. Shared Equity Programs

     For affordable homeownership, there are no regulatory agreements

 similar to those with affordable rental properties that expire at the

 15-year point, when preservation of the units as affordable units to

 lower-income tenants is in jeopardy and rehabilitation of the property

 is often needed. Rather, preservation for affordable homeownership

 entails ensuring that the price of the home is affordable over a long-

 term period to initial and subsequent purchasers, whether purchasing a

 newly constructed home or an existing home. Shared equity programs

 offer this type of sustainable affordable homeownership. Under the

 proposed rule, Enterprise support of financing under shared equity

 programs that involve the creation of long-term affordable

 homeownership would be a Regulatory Activity, as further discussed

 below.

 v. Choice Neighborhoods Initiative

     The proposed rule would establish as a Regulatory Activity

 Enterprise support for HUD's Choice Neighborhoods Initiative

 (CNI).\101\ Created after the enactment of HERA, CNI seeks to preserve

 and transform distressed, HUD-supported affordable housing. CNI focuses

 on creating mixed-income housing and investing in neighborhood

 improvements and upgrades. The proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise activities supporting permanent financing

 under CNI.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \101\ 42 U.S.C. 1437v; see also
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/public_indian_housing/p
rograms/ph/cn.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 vi. Rental Assistance Demonstration Program

     The proposed rule would establish as a Regulatory Activity

 Enterprise support for HUD's Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD)

 program.\102\ Also created after the enactment of HERA, the RAD program

 seeks to improve and preserve distressed, HUD-supported affordable

 housing. The program enables public housing authorities to tap outside

 sources of capital to renovate and preserve housing affordable to very

 low-income households. The proposed rule would provide Duty to Serve

 credit for Enterprise activities supporting permanent financing under

 the RAD program.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \102\ Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of

 2012 (PL 112-55), as amended, 42 U.S.C. 1437f note; see also
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/RAD.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     27. Are there other options on how to interpret preservation of

 multifamily or single-family affordable housing that FHFA should

 consider?

     28. Should FHFA require that preservation activities extend the

 property's regulatory agreement that restricts household incomes and

 rents for some minimum number of years, such as 10 years, beyond the

 date of the Enterprises' loan purchase? If so, what would be an

 appropriate minimum period of long-term affordability for the extended

 use regulatory agreement?

     29. Should Enterprise purchases of permanent construction takeout

 loans on new affordable multifamily rental properties with extended-use

 regulatory agreements that will keep rents affordable for a specified

 long-term period, such as 15 years or more, receive credit under the

 affordable housing preservation market? What would be an appropriate

 period of long-term affordability for the extended-use regulatory

 agreements?

 c. Statutory Activities--Proposed Sec.  1282.34(c)

     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Enterprises ``shall

 develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to

 facilitate a secondary market to preserve housing affordable to very

 low-, low-, and moderate-income families, including housing subsidized

 under'' the following government programs:

      The project-based and tenant-based rental assistance

 programs under Section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42

 U.S.C. 1437f);

      The program under Section 236 of the National Housing Act

 (rental and cooperative housing for lower-income families) (12 U.S.C.

 1715z-1);

      The program under Section 221(d)(4) of the National

 Housing Act (housing for moderate-income and displaced families) (12

 U.S.C. 1715l);

      The supportive housing for the elderly program under

 Section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q);

      The supportive housing program for persons with

 disabilities under Section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National

 Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013);

      The programs under title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless

 Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.), but only permanent supportive

 housing projects subsidized under such programs;

      The rural rental housing program under Section 515 of the

 Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1485);

      The low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) under Section 42

 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 42); and

      Comparable state and local affordable housing

 programs.\103\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \103\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(a)(1)(B).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Under Sec.  1282.34(c) of the proposed rule, Duty to Serve credit

 would be provided for Enterprise activities related to facilitating a

 secondary market for mortgages on housing under these statutorily-

 enumerated programs. The Enterprises would be required to address all

 of the statutory programs in their Underserved Markets Plans by either

 indicating how they choose to undertake activities under these programs

 or the reasons why they will not undertake activities under the

 programs.

     Almost all the subsidized rental units covered by the statutorily-

 enumerated programs are targeted to very low- or low-income families.

 Across the country, thousands of multifamily properties with federal,

 state or local subsidies that serve very low- and low-income families

 are at risk of conversion to market rate rents.\104\ Properties



 [[Page 79197]]



 become at risk when rent affordability restrictions in the regulatory

 agreements or subsidies expire upon loan maturity or contract

 expiration, or upon early sale or refinancing of the property, or when

 properties have deteriorated and become unsafe or uninhabitable.\105\

 The Enterprises play an important role in helping to preserve

 subsidized rental housing by purchasing first lien mortgages that

 combine refinancing of existing debt with additional financing for

 rehabilitation, which enables the subsidies and the regulatory

 agreements to be extended. FHFA will pay particular attention to the

 number of rental properties nationwide that are at risk of losing their

 subsidies and the extent of the Enterprises' support for helping to

 preserve this housing resource.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \104\ See Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard

 University, ``The State of the Nation's Housing 2015,'' at 33-34

 (2015), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/jchs-sonhr-2015-full.pd
f.

     \105\ Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Future, ``Housing

 `at risk,''' available at http://www.poah.org/about/at-risk.htm.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The Enterprises currently offer specialized loan purchase programs

 that are designed to provide permanent financing for several of the

 statutorily-enumerated programs and, in particular, the Section 8

 rental assistance and LIHTC programs, and they actively participate in

 the preservation of this housing stock. However, some of the other

 statutorily-enumerated programs are either grant programs or FHA full

 insurance programs for which there is no known role for the

 Enterprises' loan purchase programs and no history of their

 participation. The status of each program and the role that the

 Enterprises could play in assisting each is discussed below.

 i. HUD Section 8 Rental Assistance Program

     Under HUD's Section 8 rental assistance program, property owners

 receive rent payment subsidies from HUD covering the difference between

 the market rent for a unit and the tenant's rent contribution. This

 program has a rent affordability requirement, which is that 30 percent

 of the tenant's adjusted gross income contribute to rent and utilities.

 HUD provides rental assistance in the form of vouchers or certificates

 that move with the individual household, or through contractual

 obligations with the property owner, known as Housing Assistance

 Payment (HAP) contracts.

     Both Enterprises purchase loans on properties with Section 8 HAP

 contracts or with units supported by Section 8 vouchers or

 certificates. Properties supported by Section 8 rental assistance

 represent a significant portion of the Enterprises' existing affordable

 housing loan purchases.

     Several commenters on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule stated

 that the Enterprises' underwriting guidelines were unnecessarily strict

 and limit their ability to provide adequate support for financing of

 Section 8-assisted properties. That is because the Enterprises do not

 recognize all of the Section 8 rental income in their loan underwriting

 and also require high reserves to protect against annual appropriations

 risk on HAP contracts.\106\ In the commenters' view, the Enterprises'

 requirements make refinancing more difficult or infeasible, or result

 in smaller loan amounts with fewer funds available for property

 rehabilitation. Under the Request for Comments section below, FHFA

 specifically requests comments on whether there are ways the

 Enterprises can extend their support for Section 8-assisted properties,

 including potential changes to their underwriting and reserve

 requirements that are consistent with safety and soundness.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \106\ ``Appropriations risk'' is the possibility that Congress

 will appropriate no or less funds for a program than requested by

 the executive branch.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 ii. HUD Section 236 Interest Rate Subsidy Program

     Under the Section 236 program, HUD subsidizes the interest rate

 down to one percent on mortgages on multifamily properties, known as

 Interest Reduction Payments (IRP), in exchange for restrictions on the

 rents to affordable levels for the term of the mortgage, but no fewer

 than 20 years. HUD data indicate that approximately 110 properties have

 subsidized interest rate loans that will mature in 2015, 2016 and

 2017.\107\ HUD permits the optional continuation of IRP assistance when

 projects assisted under Section 236 are refinanced. Both Enterprises

 currently have specialized programs to purchase refinanced mortgages on

 Section 236 subsidized loans that maintain the interest rate subsidy in

 accordance with HUD requirements. Under the Request for Comments

 section below, FHFA specifically requests comments on whether there are

 ways the Enterprises can extend their support for the Section 236

 program.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \107\ HUD Insured Multifamily Mortgages Database, available at

 http://www.hud.gov/offices/hsg/comp/rpts/mfh/mf_f47.cfm.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 iii. HUD Section 221(d)(4) FHA Insurance Programs

     HUD's Section 221(d)(4) FHA insurance program provides financing

 for the new construction or substantial rehabilitation of multifamily

 properties, and for permanent financing when construction is completed.

 The program does not require affordability restrictions on the rents

 and there are no income limits for tenants, thus properties financed

 under this program may, and often do, provide market-rate housing.

     There is no obvious role for the Enterprises to support projects

 funded under the Section 221(d)(4) program other than to refinance the

 original loans and remove the properties from the FHA insurance

 program. In their comments on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule,

 both Enterprises stated that activities related to refinancing Section

 221(d)(4) loans on affordable housing properties should count towards

 the Duty to Serve as preservation activities if the properties are

 affordable and if the use agreement is extended.

     Under the Requests for Comments section below, FHFA specifically

 requests comments on whether there are other ways the Enterprises can

 support properties currently funded under the Section 221(d)(4)

 program.

 iv. HUD Section 202 Housing Program for Elderly Households

     HUD's Section 202 program for low-income elderly households is a

 capital advance program under which HUD provides construction or

 rehabilitation funds and rental subsidies. Properties financed under

 this program have long-term use agreements for the term of the loan,

 which can expire upon early sale or refinancing or at loan maturity and

 put the properties at risk of conversion to market-rate rents.

 Refinancing Section 202 properties allows the owners to obtain

 additional funds for rehabilitation and to extend the rental subsidies

 and use agreements.\108\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \108\ See Vincent F. O'Donnell, ``Prepayment and Refinancing of

 Section 202 Direct Loans--A Summary of HUD Notices H 2002-16 and H

 2004-21'' (Feb. 25, 2005).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Most Section 202 properties are refinanced through FHA insurance

 programs, which offer favorable financing terms, including lower debt

 service coverage ratios, more favorable underwriting treatment of the

 rental subsidy income, higher loan-to-value ratios, and longer loan

 terms than are offered by conventional mortgage lenders. Thus,

 refinancing under the FHA insurance programs usually results in a

 larger loan amount and more funds available to the owner for

 rehabilitation and reserves.

     By actively pursuing Section 202 refinancing opportunities, the



 [[Page 79198]]



 Enterprises would provide owners with more refinancing options and give

 owners access to adjustable-rate mortgages with lower interest rates

 and shorter maturities. In 2011, legislative changes to further

 facilitate refinancing of Section 202 properties were enacted into law.

 These changes could further increase Enterprise opportunities to

 support the recapitalization and preservation of Section 202 housing.

 Under the Requests for Comments section below, FHFA specifically

 requests comments on whether there are other ways the Enterprises can

 support properties currently funded under the Section 202 program.

 v. HUD Section 811 Housing Program for Disabled Households

     HUD's Section 811 program is a capital advance and rental

 assistance program for low-income disabled persons. Section 811

 properties carry no debt, and HUD rental subsidies cover the difference

 between operating expenses and rental income; \109\ excess cash flow

 produced by the properties is minimal. There is no obvious role for the

 Enterprises to support projects funded under this program and the

 Enterprises have never supported mortgage financing under this program.

 However, under the Request for Comments section below, FHFA

 specifically requests comments on whether there are ways the

 Enterprises could support the Section 811 program.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \109\ See HUD, ``Section 811 Supportive Housing for Persons with

 Disabilities'' (HUD Web site), available at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/hsg/mfh/progdesc/disab811.cfm.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 vi. McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act Programs

     Programs under title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance

 Act provide supportive housing grants to help homeless persons,

 especially homeless families with children, transition to independent

 living. Not-for-profit organizations that develop this supportive

 housing use a combination of grant and financing sources, and the

 projects typically do not involve debt financing. There is no obvious

 role for the Enterprises to support projects funded under this program

 and the Enterprises have never supported mortgage financing under this

 program. However, under the Request for Comments section below, FHFA

 specifically requests comments on whether there are ways the

 Enterprises can support this program.

 vii. USDA Sections 515 Rural Housing Programs

     Under USDA's Section 515 program, USDA provides direct loans and

 rental assistance to develop rental housing for low-income households

 in rural locations. Both Enterprises currently purchase loans

 originated under the Section 515 program. Under the Request for

 Comments section below, FHFA specifically requests comments on whether

 there are ways the Enterprises can extend their support for the Section

 515 program.

 viii. Federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC)

     Under the LIHTC program, investors purchase tax credits to provide

 equity to off-set the development costs of rental housing properties

 with long-term regulatory agreements that require the housing to remain

 affordable for very low- or low-income households. The Enterprises

 offer specialized loan purchase programs to refinance and rehabilitate

 existing LIHTC properties in conjunction with extension of their

 regulatory use agreements, and are an important source of financing for

 preservation of older LIHTC projects.

     The Enterprises were significant LIHTC equity investors from the

 inception of the LIHTC program until the mid-2000s, but ceased

 investing before entering conservatorship in 2008. To date, FHFA has

 not approved Enterprise resumption of this activity. The LIHTC equity

 investment market has also changed and is now highly liquid and

 dominated by bank and insurance company investors. The Safety and

 Soundness Act provides for an investment and grants assessment factor

 when evaluating compliance with the Duty to Serve, and permitting the

 Enterprises to resume equity investments in LIHTCs would be one way to

 meet that assessment factor. Under the Requests for Comments section

 below, FHFA specifically requests comments on whether the Enterprises

 should resume equity investments in LIHTC projects.

 ix. Comparable State and Local Affordable Housing Programs

     In addition to the specifically enumerated programs in the Safety

 and Soundness Act, the Act provides that the Enterprises shall

 facilitate a secondary market for ``comparable state and local

 affordable housing programs.'' \110\ Under the proposed rule, an

 Enterprise may include such programs in its Underserved Markets Plan

 subject to FHFA determination of whether such programs are eligible for

 Duty to Serve credit. Examples of such comparable programs for

 multifamily housing that could receive Duty to Serve credit include

 support for properties that restrict all or a portion of their units

 for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families due to participation

 in density bonuses or property tax abatements, state or local

 affordable housing programs, state LIHTC programs, programs for

 redevelopment of government-owned land or buildings as affordable

 housing, and inclusionary zoning requirements.\111\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \110\ See 12 U.S.C. 4565(a)(1)(B)(ix).

     \111\ Inclusionary zoning refers to local government planning

 ordinances that require a specified portion of the units in newly

 constructed housing to be reserved for and affordable to very low-

 to moderate-income households.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Examples of comparable state and local programs for single-family

 affordable housing that could receive Duty to Serve credit include

 local neighborhood stabilization programs (NSP) that enable communities

 to address problems related to mortgage foreclosure and abandonment

 through the purchase and redevelopment of foreclosed or abandoned homes

 for very low-, low-, or moderate-income households. After the financial

 crisis, state and local government NSPs were partially funded by HUD.

 Most commenters on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule that addressed

 the issue supported giving credit for Enterprise assistance to the HUD-

 funded NSP, as well as for other state and local foreclosure and

 abandonment prevention programs. FHFA believes that any NSP or other

 state or local foreclosure and abandonment prevention programs that

 benefit very low-, low-, or moderate-income families could receive Duty

 to Serve credit.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     30. Are there other ways the Enterprises can support the

 statutorily-enumerated programs in addition to those discussed above?

     31. In what ways, including potential responsible changes to their

 underwriting and reserve requirements, could the Enterprises prudently

 extend their support for Section 8-assisted properties?

     32. Are there ways in which the Enterprises could extend their

 support for the HUD Section 236 Interest Rate Subsidy Program?

     33. Are there additional ways in which the Enterprises could

 support properties currently funded under HUD



 [[Page 79199]]



 Section 221(d)(4) FHA Insurance Program?

     34. Are there other ways in which the Enterprises could support

 properties currently funded the HUD Section 202 Housing Program for

 Elderly Households?

     35. Are there ways in which the Enterprises could support the HUD

 Section 811 Housing Program for Disabled Households?

     36. Are there ways in which the Enterprises could support McKinney-

 Vento Homeless Assistance Act programs?

     37. Are there other ways in which the Enterprises could extend

 their support for the USDA Section 515 Rural Housing Program?

     38. Are there other federal affordable housing programs that the

 Enterprises could support that should receive Duty to Serve credit but

 that are not enumerated in Sec.  1282.34(c) of the proposed rule?

     39. What safety and soundness concerns should be considered in

 determining Enterprise participation in any of the programs discussed

 above?

     40. Are there other state or local affordable housing programs for

 multifamily or single-family housing that the Enterprises could support

 that should be eligible to receive Duty to Serve credit in addition to

 those discussed above?

     41. Should FHFA allow the Enterprises to resume LIHTC equity

 investments? Would the resumption of LIHTC equity investments by the

 Enterprises benefit the financial feasibility of certain LIHTC projects

 or would it substitute Enterprise equity funding for private investment

 capital without materially benefiting the projects?

     42. If FHFA allows the Enterprises to resume LIHTC investments,

 should FHFA limit investments to support for difficult to develop

 projects in segments of the market with less investor demand, such as

 projects in markets outside of the assessment areas of large banks or

 in rural markets or for preservation of projects with expiring

 subsidies? Are there other issues that FHFA should consider if limiting

 the types of LIHTC projects appropriate for equity investment by the

 Enterprises?

     43. If FHFA permits the resumption of LIHTC equity investments,

 should Duty to Serve credit be provided only for LIHTC equity

 investments in projects with expiring subsidies or projects in need of

 refinancing, or should Duty to Serve credit also be given for LIHTC

 equity investments in new construction projects with regulatory

 agreements that assure long-term rental affordability?

     44. If FHFA allows the Enterprises to resume LIHTC investments,

 should FHFA limit such investments to those that promote residential

 economic diversity, for example, by investing in LIHTC properties

 located in high opportunity areas, as proposed to be defined in Sec.

 1282.1, to address concerns raised about the disproportionate siting of

 LIHTC housing (non-senior) in low-income areas and the effect on

 residential segregation?

     45. Should FHFA consider permitting the Enterprises to act as the

 guarantor of equity investments in projects by third-party investors

 provided any such guarantee is safe and sound and consistent with the

 Enterprise's Charter Act? If so, what types of guarantees should the

 Enterprises offer?

 d. Regulatory and Additional Activities

     Section 1282.34(d) of the proposed rule identifies four additional

 affordable housing preservation activities that would receive Duty to

 Serve credit. Under the proposed rule, these activities would

 constitute Regulatory Activities which the Enterprises must address in

 their Underserved Markets Plans by indicating how they plan to

 undertake the activity or stating the reasons why they will not. Each

 proposed Regulatory Activity addresses market segments for which the

 Enterprises already provide some level of support. Proposed Sec.

 1282.34(e) would provide that the Enterprises may also propose

 Additional Activities that support the financing of mortgages on

 residential properties for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families

 consisting of affordable rental housing preservation or affordable

 homeownership, subject to FHFA determination of whether such activities

 are eligible for Duty to Serve credit.

 i. Small Multifamily Rental Properties--Proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(1)

     Section 1282.34(d)(1) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise purchase and securitization of loan pools

 from smaller banks and community-based lenders, specifically, non-

 depository community development financial institutions, community

 financial institutions, and federally insured credit unions meeting an

 asset cap applicable to community financial institutions, where the

 loan pools are backed by existing small multifamily rental properties

 consisting of five to not more than fifty units. This activity would

 constitute a Regulatory Activity that the Enterprises would have to

 address in their Underserved Markets Plans by indicating how they

 choose to undertake the activity or the reasons why they will not

 undertake the activity.

     Both Enterprises support financing for small multifamily properties

 through specialized retail loan programs offered through their lenders.

 The housing goals regulation publicly released in August 2015

 established, for the first time, a subgoal for Enterprise purchases of

 loans on small multifamily properties that are affordable to low-income

 households. FHFA expects the subgoal to be met through the Enterprises'

 retail loan purchase activities. However, several commenters on the

 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule stated that the Enterprises should do

 more to support the financing needs of small multifamily properties.

     Small multifamily properties are often older than larger

 properties, have fewer, if any, amenities, and tend to have more

 affordable rents. These factors make small multifamily properties an

 important source of affordable rental housing and they can also make

 financing more difficult to obtain. As discussed in the Notice

 accompanying the final housing goals rule, much of the financing needs

 of small multifamily property owners are met through loans provided by

 smaller local and regional banks, and by community-based lenders. Most

 of these loans are originated for the lenders' own portfolios and the

 lenders may cease making small multifamily property loans when their

 portfolio capacity has been reached.

     To encourage the Enterprises to expand their support for this

 market segment, the proposed rule would provide Duty to Serve credit

 for Enterprise purchases and securitization of loan pools from non-

 depository community development financial institutions, community

 financial institutions, and federally insured credit unions meeting an

 asset cap applicable to community financial institutions, where the

 loan pools are backed by existing small multifamily rental properties

 consisting of five to not more than fifty units.

     Section 1282.1 of the proposed rule would define ``community

 development financial institution'' and ``community financial

 institution'' in accordance with the definitions in FHFA's regulation

 on Federal Home Loan Bank membership. The membership regulation defines

 a ``community development financial institution'' as an institution

 that is certified as a community development financial institution by

 the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund under the

 Community Development Banking and Financial



 [[Page 79200]]



 Institutions Act of 1994, other than a bank or savings association

 insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, a holding company for

 such a bank or savings association, or a credit union insured under the

 Federal Credit Union Act.\112\ The membership regulation defines a

 ``community financial institution'' generally as an institution whose

 deposits are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act,\113\ and

 whose total assets are less than $1 billion, as adjusted annually by

 FHFA for inflation, beginning in 2009, with total assets being

 calculated as an average over the previous three years.\114\ Based on

 FHFA's most recent inflation adjustment, the asset cap is now

 $1,123,000,000.\115\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \112\ See 12 CFR 1263.1.

     \113\ Id.; 12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.

     \114\ See 12 CFR 1263.1.

     \115\ See 80 FR 6712 (Feb 6, 2015).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Section 1282.1 of the proposed rule would define a ``federally

 insured credit union'' in accordance with the definition of ``insured

 credit union'' in the Federal Credit Union Act.\116\ The Federal Credit

 Union Act defines an ``insured credit union'' as a credit union the

 member accounts of which are insured under the Federal Credit Union

 Act.\117\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \116\ 12 U.S.C. 1752(7).

     \117\ Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Over time, a reliable secondary market for loans on small

 multifamily properties could develop to provide these originating

 lenders with additional liquidity. Thus, the Duty to Serve regulation

 could complement the housing goals regulation by encouraging greater

 and more comprehensive Enterprise support for the liquidity needs of

 small multifamily properties.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     46. Are there other affordable housing preservation activities for

 small multifamily properties beyond those discussed above that should

 receive Duty to Serve credit?

     47. Should an Enterprise's purchase and securitization of loan

 pools from non-depository community development financial institutions,

 community financial institutions, and federally insured credit unions

 subject to the asset cap, where the loan pools are backed by existing

 small multifamily properties, be a Regulatory Activity?

     48. How could the Enterprises provide further support for the

 financing or liquidity needs of small multifamily properties? Should

 another type of support for small multifamily properties be a specific

 Regulatory Activity?

     49. How could the Enterprises provide support for the liquidity

 needs of smaller banks and community-based lenders that finance small

 multifamily properties, for example by buying and securitizing loan

 pools these lenders have originated? What kind of Enterprise support

 would encourage these types of lenders to increase their financing of

 these properties?

     50. Do the proposed definitions of ``community development

 financial institution,'' ``community financial institution,'' and

 ``federally insured credit union'' subject to the asset cap

 sufficiently capture smaller banks and community-based lenders for Duty

 to Serve purposes?

 ii. Energy Efficiency Improvements on Multifamily Properties--Proposed

 Sec.  1282.34(d)(2)

     Section 1282.34(d)(2) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise support for energy and water efficiency

 improvements on existing multifamily properties affordable to very low-

 , low-, and moderate-income families, provided there are verifiable,

 reliable projections or expectations that the improvements financed by

 the loan will reduce energy and water consumption by the tenant by at

 least 15 percent, the reduced utility costs derived from reduced

 consumption must not be offset by higher rents or other charges imposed

 by the property owner, and the reduced utility costs will offset the

 upfront costs of the improvements within a reasonable time period. This

 activity would constitute a Regulatory Activity that the Enterprises

 would have to address in their Underserved Markets Plans by indicating

 how they choose to undertake the activity or the reasons why they will

 not undertake the activity.

     Improved energy efficiency and reduced energy consumption in

 multifamily housing is a broadly acknowledged public policy goal.

 Energy expenses, principally in the form of heating, cooling, water

 consumption and electricity use (collectively, utilities) consume a

 growing part of the incomes of very low-, low-, and moderate-income

 households. When these high utility costs are added to the cost of

 rent, multifamily housing becomes increasingly unaffordable. In recent

 years, energy cost increases in multifamily housing have outpaced rent

 increases (which have significantly exceeded the rate of inflation). A

 2011 HUD study found that while average rents increased by 7.6 percent

 from 2001 to 2009, energy costs to renters increased by almost 23

 percent during this same period.\118\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \118\ See Evidence Matters, Policy Development and Research,

 Department of Housing and Urban Development, ``Quantifying Energy

 Efficiency in Multifamily Rental Housing,'' Summer 2011, available

 at
http://www.huduser.gov/portal/periodicals/em/EM_Newsletter_Summer_2011_FNL.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Lowering energy and water use in multifamily buildings will reduce

 the total amount that tenants spend for the energy and water that they

 do use, thus reducing their utility consumption. This can be considered

 ``preservation'' under the affordable housing preservation market

 because housing costs are typically defined as rent plus utility costs.

 Thus, savings in utility consumption that reduce utility expenses may

 help maintain the overall affordability of rental housing for tenants.

 Owners of multifamily properties also benefit from energy efficiency

 improvements through reduced common area utility expenses, which could

 relieve pressure on owners to raise rents to cover increased utility

 costs. Owners also derive indirect benefits from unit-based energy

 efficiency improvements, including rendering a property more marketable

 to potential tenants.

     Enterprise support for energy efficiency improvements could include

 specialized loan programs or efforts to educate lenders about the

 benefits of energy improvements and conservation. Given the

 Enterprises' market reach, they could have a significant impact on

 promoting energy efficiency improvements and conservation in a broad

 range of multifamily properties if lenders were properly educated and

 incented.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     51. Should Enterprise support for multifamily properties that

 include energy improvements resulting in a reduction in the tenant's

 energy and water consumption and utility costs be a Regulatory

 Activity?

     52. How can the Enterprises provide more outreach to lenders

 regarding the Enterprises' energy improvement products?

     53. Should the Enterprises require the lender to verify before the

 closing of an energy improvement loan that there are reliable and

 verifiable projections or expectations that the proposed energy



 [[Page 79201]]



 improvements will likely reduce the tenant's energy and water

 consumption and utility costs and, if so, what standards of

 reliability, verifiability and likelihood of reduced consumption and

 costs should be required?

     54. Should the Enterprises be required to verify, after the closing

 of an energy improvement loan, that the energy improvements financed

 actually reduced the tenant's energy and water consumption and utility

 costs and, if so, how can they verify this?

     55. What if any ongoing monitoring should be required to measure

 the effectiveness of financed energy improvements in reducing tenants'

 energy and water consumption and utility costs?

     56. For the proposed requirement that the reduced utility costs

 will offset the upfront costs of the improvements within a reasonable

 time period, should a reasonable time period be defined and, if so,

 how?

 iii. Energy Efficiency Improvements on Single-Family, First-Lien

 Properties--Proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(3)

     Section 1282.34(d)(3) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise support of energy efficiency improvement

 loans on single-family (homeownership or rental), first-lien properties

 affordable to very low-, low-, or moderate-income households, provided

 that there are verifiable, reliable projections or expectations that

 the improvements financed by the loans will reduce energy and water

 consumption by the homeowner or tenant by at least 15 percent, the

 reduced utility costs derived from the reduced consumption will offset

 the upfront costs of the improvements within a reasonable time period,

 and in the case of a single-family rental property, the reduced utility

 costs must not be offset by higher rents or other charges imposed by

 the property owner. This activity would constitute a Regulatory

 Activity that the Enterprises would have to address in their

 Underserved Markets Plans by indicating how they choose to undertake

 the activity or the reasons why they will not undertake the activity.

     Studies have found that consumers earning below $20,000 a year

 spend 10 percent of their income on utilities compared to 6 percent

 spent by consumers with incomes above $70,000.\119\ The experience of

 homeowners at these income levels likely parallels those of the broader

 consumer category.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \119\ See U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, ``Consumer

 Expenditure Survey,'' (July 2013-June 2014), available at
http://www.bls.gov/cex/#tables_long. These percentages are for all

 consumers. Homeowners overall spend 7.5 percent of their income for

 utilities, fuels, and public services. See U.S. Bureau of Labor

 Statistics, ``Table 1202: Income before taxes: Annual expenditure

 means, shares, standard errors, and coefficients of variation,

 Consumer Expenditure Survey, 2014'' (Sept. 2015), available at

 http://www.bls.gov/cex/2014/combined/income.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Enterprise support for single-family energy efficiency loans with

 resulting savings accruing to the homeowners or tenants may help lower

 their total housing costs and thereby help preserve affordable housing.

 In addition, savings from energy efficiency upgrades may be correlated

 with better borrower loan performance. A 2013 study found that,

 controlling for other loan determinants, default risks are on average

 32 percent lower in energy efficient homes; some of these lower default

 risks may benefit very low-, low-, and moderate-income borrowers. The

 study also found that borrowers in energy efficient homes are 25

 percent less likely to prepay their mortgages,\120\ a loan

 characteristic that investors generally find appealing.\121\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \120\ See Institute for Market Transformation, ``Research

 Report: Home Energy Efficiency and Mortgage Risks,'' University of

 North Carolina Center for Community Capital (March 2013), available

 at
http://www.imt.org/uploads/resources/files/IMT_UNC_HomeEEMortgageRisksfinal.pdf.


     \121\ For a discussion of the risks that prepayment poses to

 investors, see generally The Bond Market Association, ``An

 Investor's guide to Pass-Through and Collateralized Mortgage

 Securities,'' at 4-6, 13-14, available at
http://www.freddiemac.com/mbs/docs/about_MBS.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     However, as comprehensive home energy improvements cost between

 $5,000 and $15,000, the upfront costs of energy efficiency improvements

 constitute a significant barrier to very low-, low-, and moderate-

 income homeowners, who generally lack significant financial resources

 to pay for such improvements.\122\ Financing for single-family energy

 efficiency loans can be further hampered by lender reluctance to

 consider energy savings in their loan underwriting procedures.\123\

 Finally, because identifying energy efficiency as the loan purpose can

 complicate automated underwriting, borrowers may choose not to specify

 that the home improvements are intended for energy efficiency purposes.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \122\ See Mark Zimring, Ian Hoffman, Annika Todd, & Megan

 Billingsley, ``Delivering Energy Efficiency to Middle Income Single

 Family Households,'' Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (December

 11, 2011), available at
http://emp.lbl.gov/publications/delivering-energy-efficiency-middle-income-singl
e-family-households.

     \123\ See Institute for Market Transformation, ``Research

 Report: Home Energy Efficiency and Mortgage Risks,'' University of

 North Carolina Center for Community Capital (March 2013), available

 at
http://www.imt.org/uploads/resources/files/IMT_UNC_HomeEEMortgageRisksfinal.pdf.
Lenders may not want to put

 the additional time needed in in order to adjust underwriting for

 energy savings. See generally ``Green Housing for the 21st Century:

 Retrofitting the Past and Building an Energy-Efficient Future,''

 Hearings Before the Subcomm. On Housing Transportation, and

 Community Development of the Committee on Banking Housing and Urban

 Affairs, 111th Cong., 2d Sess., at 23 (2010) (S. HRG. 111-6,93),

 available at
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CHRG-111shrg61989/pdf/CHRG-111shrg61989.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Fannie Mae currently supports the financing of single-family energy

 efficiency improvements through its ``Energy Improvement Feature'' (EI

 Feature) and HomeStyle Renovation mortgage.\124\ EI Feature loans cover

 both purchase money loans and refinances of preexisting loans.

 Borrowers can use purchase or refinance proceeds, of up to 10% of the

 ``as completed'' appraised value, to finance both the property and

 energy improvements, as long as certain conditions are met. In all

 cases, the EI Feature loan must be in first lien position. The EI

 Feature has seen limited borrower participation, which could be due to

 one or more of the factors described above or because financing for

 energy efficiency improvements is already occurring in Fannie Mae's

 standard business.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \124\ Fannie Mae also participated in the FHA PowerSaver pilot

 program, which ended in 2013.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The HomeStyle Renovation mortgage enables a borrower to obtain a

 purchase transaction or cash-out refinance mortgage to cover the costs

 of energy improvements to the property. Borrowers can use purchase or

 refinance proceeds, of up to 50% of the ``as completed'' appraised

 value, to finance both the property and the energy improvements, as

 long as certain conditions are met. In all cases, the HomeStyle

 Renovation mortgage must be in first lien position.

     Freddie Mac does not currently offer loan products specifically for

 single-family energy efficiency loans, but like Fannie Mae, likely

 purchases loans with energy efficiency components as part of its

 standard business.

     Given the difficulty of developing functional single-family energy

 efficiency mortgage products, possible Objectives that could be

 included in an Underserved Markets Plan might focus initially on

 developmental actions such as: (i) Working with lenders to develop

 education programs to encourage energy efficiency improvement loans,

 including conservation programs, for very low-, low-, or moderate-

 income households in single-family properties; (ii) working with a

 wider range of locally-based lenders to encourage energy efficiency

 components in purchase money loans or limited cash-out refinances; and

 (iii) developing products that result in the



 [[Page 79202]]



 introduction of energy efficiency components into loans that meet the

 proposed rule's requirements.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     57. How can the Enterprises work with potential lenders to

 facilitate financing for energy efficiency improvement loans on single-

 family properties?

     58. What is a reasonable time period for the reduced utility costs

 from energy efficiency improvements to offset the upfront costs of the

 improvements?

     59. Should Enterprise support for single-family properties that

 include energy improvements resulting in a reduction in the homeowner's

 or tenant's energy and water consumption and utility costs be a

 Regulatory Activity?

     60. How can the Enterprises provide more outreach to lenders

 regarding the Enterprises' energy improvement loan products?

     61. Should the Enterprises require the lender to verify before the

 closing of a single-family energy improvement loan that there are

 reliable and verifiable projections or expectations that the proposed

 energy improvements will likely reduce energy and water consumption and

 utility costs and, if so, what standards of reliability, verifiability

 and likelihood of reduced consumption and costs should be required?

     62. Should the Enterprises be required to verify, after the closing

 of a single-family energy improvement loan, that the energy

 improvements financed actually reduced energy and water consumption and

 utility costs and, if so, how can they verify this?

     63. For the proposed requirement that the reduced utility costs

 will offset the upfront costs of the improvements within a reasonable

 time period, should a reasonable time period be defined and, if so,

 how?

 iv. Preservation of Long-Term Affordable Homeownership Through Shared

 Equity Programs--Proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(4)

     Section 1282.34(d)(4) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise activities related to affordable

 homeownership preservation through shared equity homeownership

 programs. Shared equity programs include programs administered by

 community land trusts, other nonprofit organizations, or State or local

 governments that:

     (1) Ensure affordability for at least 30 years or as long as

 permitted under state law through a ground lease, deed restriction,

 subordinate loan or similar legal mechanism that makes residential real

 property affordable to very low-, low-, or moderate-income families.

 The legal instrument ensuring affordability must also stipulate a

 preemptive option to purchase the homeownership unit from the homeowner

 at resale to preserve the affordability of the unit for successive very

 low-, low-, or moderate-income families;

     (2) Monitor the homeownership unit to ensure affordability is

 preserved over resales; and

     (3) Support the homeowners to promote successful homeownership for

 very low-, low-, or moderate-income families.

     Under the proposed rule, this activity would constitute a

 Regulatory Activity that the Enterprises would have to address in their

 Underserved Markets Plans by indicating how they choose to undertake

 the activity or the reasons why they will not undertake the activity.

     Affordability of homeownership through shared equity programs is

 preserved either by:

     (1) Resale restrictions through deed restrictions or ground leases

 administered by governmental units or instrumentalities, or nonprofit

 entities and designed to keep the home affordable over resales; or

     (2) Subordinate loan programs, often called ``shared appreciation

 loan programs,'' that are administered by governmental units or

 instrumentalities, or nonprofit entities where second mortgage loans

 are due upon sale and typically structured with zero percent interest.

 Upon sale at market value, the homeowner repays the loan amount and a

 portion of the appreciation. The government or nonprofit entity uses

 its share of the appreciation to make the same home affordable to a

 subsequent income-eligible homebuyer. Shared equity programs utilize

 various legal mechanisms to preserve affordability, but all shared

 equity programs make home purchase affordable for a very low-, low-, or

 moderate-income buyer and limit the homeowner's proceeds upon resale to

 make the same home affordable to a subsequent income-eligible buyer.

     While much of the affordable housing preservation emphasis is on

 rental housing, homeownership preservation is also important.

 Homeownership can offer advantages over renting, such as the

 opportunity to accumulate wealth from tenure, including repaying

 principal through forced savings, and greater residential control and

 stability,\125\ although it also bears risks for lower-income

 households.\126\ Homeownership continues to be the primary source of

 wealth among lower-income households.\127\ A comprehensive approach to

 affordable housing preservation should include strategies that preserve

 not only



 [[Page 79203]]



 affordable rental housing, but also affordable homeownership.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \125\ See Eric S. Belsky, Christopher E. Herbert, and Jennifer

 H. Molinksy (Eds), ``Homeownership Built to Last'' (2014),

 Cambridge, MA: Joint Center for Housing Studies, Harvard University

 & Washington, DC: Brookings Institution Press, available at http://

 www.brookings.edu/research/books/2014/homeownership-built-to-last.

 See also Christopher E. Herbert & Eric S. Belsky, ``The

 Homeownership Experience of Low-Income and Minority Households: A

 Review and Synthesis of the Literature,'' Vol. 10, No. 2, Cityscape:

 A Journal of Policy Development and Research (2008), available at

 http://www.huduser.org/periodicals/cityscpe/vol10num2/ch1.pdf.

 Herbert and Belsky note that homeownership is a vehicle for wealth

 accumulation both through appreciation and the forced savings that

 come with paying down the principal on a loan. They note that

 homeownership is one of the few leveraged investments available to

 families with limited wealth. They list other financial advantages

 of ownership including: (1) Tax law provisions that shield most

 appreciation in home value from capital gains taxes; (2) insulating

 buyers from rapidly increasing housing costs; (3) deductibility of

 mortgage interest and property tax payments which lowers the after-

 tax cost of homeownership; and (4) permitting secured lending

 against home equity. Homeownership also arguably offers a range of

 non-financial benefits, at 7-8.

     \126\ See, e.g., Carolina Katz Reid, Center for Studies in

 Demography and Ecology, University of Washington, ``Achieving the

 American Dream? A Longitudinal Analysis of the Homeownership

 Experiences of Low-Income Households,'' (CSDE Working Paper 04-04)

 (Apr. 2004), available at https://csde.washington.edu/downloads/04-04.pdf. Reid
discusses the following risks of homeownership for low-

 income households: (1) The risk of leaving homeownership, usually

 due to divorce or unemployment; (2) high mortgage payments in

 relation to income; and (3) low-income and minority homeowners have

 not benefitted as much from homeownership as wealthier, Caucasian

 buyers. Reid concludes that more emphasis is needed on supporting

 low-income households after they become homeowners. While Reid did

 not consider the non-financial benefits of homeownership, Reid notes

 that almost every person she interviewed expressed satisfaction with

 having become a homeowner, citing various non-financial benefits.

 Reid concludes that the challenge in homeownership is developing

 policies that make homeownership achievable and sustainable. See

 also Christopher E. Herbert, Daniel T. McCue & Rocio Sanchez-Moyano,

 Joint Center for Housing Studies, Harvard University, ``Is

 Homeownership Still an Effective Means of Building Wealth for Low-

 income and Minority Households? (Was it Ever?),'' (Sept. 2013),

 available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/hbtl-06.pdf.

     \127\ ``. . . home equity contributes a disproportionate share

 (81 percent) of net wealth among the typical owner in the lowest

 income quartile, compared with just under a quarter (24 percent)

 among those in the highest income quartile.'' Joint Center for

 Housing Studies, Harvard University, ``State of the Nation's Housing

 Report 2015'' (2015), at 17, available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/jchs-sonhr-2015-full.pd
f.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule focused primarily on

 preserving affordable rental housing and not affordable homeownership.

 One commenter, a nonprofit engaged in homeownership work, recommended

 crediting shared equity homeownership activities under the Duty to

 Serve, citing the importance of broadening the availability of

 homeownership. Another commenter, a nonprofit focused on rental

 housing, opposed giving preservation credit to homeownership programs

 on the basis that it might divert attention from rental housing.

     Without detracting from the importance of preserving affordable

 rental housing, FHFA seeks to encourage enhanced Enterprise support for

 a variety of shared equity options so that communities would have the

 flexibility to determine which, if any, shared equity approach best

 suits their needs and have that option eligible for Duty to Serve

 credit for the Enterprises. The Enterprises are uniquely positioned to

 help increase financing for the preservation of affordable

 homeownership units over the long-term by developing infrastructure

 that would make it easier for lenders to deliver mortgage loans on

 shared equity homes to the Enterprises for purchase.

     Shared equity homes remain affordable for very low-, low-, or

 moderate-income households for at least 30 years or as long as

 permitted under state law, for the initial purchaser as well as for any

 successive income-eligible owners of the home during that period.

 Shared equity homeownership programs are administered by either

 government or nonprofit entities. These entities make home purchase

 affordable to the initial low- or moderate-income household, and ensure

 the home remains affordable to subsequent lower- or moderate-income

 purchasers, sale after sale.\128\ In return for being able to purchase

 homes that are affordable, homeowners contractually agree to limit the

 proceeds they receive upon resale to keep their homes affordable for

 subsequent income-eligible purchasers.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \128\ John Emmeus Davis, National Housing Institute, ``Shared

 Equity Homeownership--The Changing Landscape of Resale-Restricted,

 Owner-Occupied Housing'' (2006), available at
http://www.nhi.org/pdf/SharedEquityHome.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The affordability of the home is maintained for subsequent

 purchasers in one of two ways. One way is to restrict the resale price

 of the home through a deed restriction or a ground lease designed to

 keep the resale price below market value so the home remains affordable

 over resales. A second way is to use a shared appreciation loan

 agreement, in which the resale price remains at the market value, but

 the amount of subsidy increases in a self-sustaining way to keep pace

 with the gap between the market value and the lower price at which the

 home is affordable to low- and moderate-income households. Each time

 the home is sold, at market rate, the program's share of equity, in the

 form of the shared appreciation, is retained as ``public investment'',

 i.e., the subsidy, and passed along to the new buyer of the same home

 in the form of a second mortgage. This second mortgage is typically at

 zero percent interest and is fully due upon sale. While this subsidy

 retention vehicle is technically a second mortgage, it does not have

 many of the features commonly associated with mortgage debt.

     Shared equity programs usually have requirements that the buyer use

 the home as a primary residence and qualify for financing, and many

 allow the administering government or nonprofit entity to charge modest

 fees that cover the cost of operating the program. The government or

 nonprofit entity is sometimes referred to as a ``sponsor.'' Under the

 proposed rule, the government or nonprofit sponsor would have the

 ongoing responsibility to monitor the home to ensure that affordability

 is preserved over resales, and support the homeowner where possible.

 Having a sponsor may also have the effect of minimizing/mitigating

 potential foreclosures. The proposed rule would require the sponsor to

 stipulate a preemptive right to purchase the unit from the homeowner at

 resale for a price determined by a contractual formula that would

 preserve affordability of the unit.

     In contrast, downpayment or closing cost assistance programs, which

 represent another mechanism for making homeownership affordable to

 lower-income households, would not meet the purpose of long-term

 preservation of affordability under the Duty to Serve. In downpayment

 and closing cost assistance programs, the program sponsor provides a

 subsidy to the initial homebuyer as a grant, or sometimes as a

 forgivable loan that converts to a grant generally between five and 15

 years after purchase. This assistance helps to make the purchase of a

 home affordable by lowering the buyer's downpayment or closing costs,

 usually by a smaller amount than is available through shared equity

 programs. While the initial homebuyer benefits from any appreciation in

 the value of the home, this type of assistance does not preserve long-

 term affordability of the home for subsequent purchasers, because these

 programs do not restrict the initial homebuyer's return from the sale

 of the property.\129\ Hence, under the traditional downpayment/closing

 cost assistance model, additional public subsidy would often be

 required to help subsequent lower-income homebuyers purchase homes.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \129\ The initial homebuyer may be required to repay a portion

 of the subsidy under certain circumstances if the property is sold

 during a specified time period. The program may use that repaid

 subsidy to assist another eligible household with downpayment or

 closing cost assistance to purchase a home.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The three most common contractual arrangements for achieving shared

 equity homeownership preservation are deed restricted covenants, ground

 leases, and shared appreciation loans, which are described below.

      Deed Restricted Covenants. A restricted covenant that is

 appended to an owner-occupied property's deed when a home is purchased

 at below-market value. The covenant stipulates resale restrictions to

 ensure the home is sold at an affordable price, usually below-market

 value, to another eligible household in the future. Restricted

 covenants are in effect for 30 years or longer, depending upon state

 law. Restricted covenants are frequently used for single-family units

 (e.g., condominium and cooperative units) in multifamily homeownership

 buildings,\130\ which would also be eligible for Duty to Serve credit.

 Restricted covenants are also frequently used by inclusionary housing

 programs.\131\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \130\ While many consumers, developers, realtors and other

 market participants think of condominiums and cooperatives as

 multifamily homeownership, loans for individual units are treated as

 part of the single-family business by lenders and the Enterprises.

     \131\ Robert Hickey, Lisa Sturvent & Emily Thaden, ``Achieving

 Lasting Affordability through Inclusionary Housing'' (Working Paper

 WP14RH1) (July 2014), Cambridge, MA: Lincoln Institute of Land

 Policy, available at
https://www.lincolninst.edu/pubs/2428_Achieving-Lasting-Affordability-through-In
clusionary-Housing.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



      Ground Leases. Ground leases are most frequently used by

 community land trusts, which are nonprofit organizations that provide

 shared equity homes. Land trusts retain ownership of the land, so the

 homeowner only needs to purchase the home on that land at an affordable

 price. A resale formula in the ground lease preserves affordability by

 stipulating a below-market value price for which the current owner may

 sell the home to an income-eligible buyer in the future. Leases

 typically run for 50 to 99 years, depending upon state law.



 [[Page 79204]]



      Shared Appreciation Loans. Shared appreciation loan

 programs sell homes at fair market value to income-eligible purchasers,

 but to make the purchase affordable, the program provides a no-payment

 second mortgage loan that is fully due upon sale and typically at zero

 percent interest. The loan documents or an accompanying deed-restricted

 covenant stipulate the homeowner's share of appreciation upon resale

 and ensure the home will be sold to another eligible household. The

 share of the appreciation that goes to the program sponsor is used to

 increase the shared appreciation loan amount to make the purchase of

 the home affordable for the subsequent buyer. The mortgages typically

 have terms of 30 years or longer, depending upon state law. Proprietary

 shared appreciation loans, where an investor receives part of the

 equity in exchange for making the home affordable for a single buyer

 only, do not preserve affordability of the unit for subsequent buyers.

 Section 1282.38(b)(6) of the proposed rule would specifically provide

 that shared appreciation loans that fail to meet the requirements

 discussed above would not receive credit under the Duty to Serve

 underserved markets.

     Preserving homeownership through shared equity programs helps to

 address the growing gap between what people can afford to pay for

 housing given what they earn and what they must actually pay for

 housing given what it costs. A longitudinal study \132\ of 53 shared

 equity programs representing 3,678 homes found in 2014 that the

 programs:

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \132\ A ``longitudinal study'' is a research study that involves

 repeated observations of the same variables over long periods of

 time. In this study, the median age of the 53 programs was 15 years,

 and 15 of the 53 programs were at least 15 years old.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



      Increased access to homeownership: The average household

 income at the time of purchase under the programs was 65 percent of the

 area median income and 82 percent were first-time homebuyers. On

 average, the homes sold for 25 percent below their fair market value to

 make the purchase affordable.

      Improved likelihood that homeownership would be sustained:

 Over 93 percent of households under the programs remained homeowners

 for at least five years. This contrasts with a more limited

 longitudinal study of households in non-shared equity purchases, which

 found that less than 50 percent of the first-time, low-income

 homebuyers in the study maintained ownership for five years.\133\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \133\ Carolina Katz Reid, Center for Studies in Demography and

 Ecology, University of Washington, ``Achieving the American Dream?:

 A Longitudinal Analysis of the Homeownership Experiences of Low-

 Income Households,'' (CSDE Working Paper 04-04) (Apr. 2004), at 20,

 available at https://csde.washington.edu/downloads/04-04.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



      Reduced likelihood of foreclosure: Shared equity

 homeowners, all of whom were lower-income, were one-tenth as likely to

 be in foreclosure as homeowners in the conventional market across all

 incomes.

      Built wealth for homeowners: The annual rate of return on

 the homeowners' downpayments was 7.97 percent. Approximately 62 percent

 of the households went on to buy a market-rate home in the conventional

 market.

      Preserved affordable homeownership: The programs retained

 the affordability of the homes to serve the same income levels, sale

 after sale.\134\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \134\ Cornerstone Partnership, ``Social Impact Report'' (2014),

 available at http://myhomekeeper.org/socialimpact.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Shared equity transactions also help to stabilize property values

 and communities. They can provide housing at affordable prices for

 long-standing homeowners in the area that help to counter price

 escalation in gentrifying communities. In addition, shared equity

 transactions often provide a loss buffer in the form of the difference

 between the market value and the amount the buyer pays, which can

 reduce foreclosures, while reducing the relative amount of loss in the

 value of the home if foreclosure does occur. By reducing foreclosures,

 shared equity transactions not only improve the outcomes for

 homebuyers, but also help maintain values of other homes in the

 neighborhood, thereby enhancing outcomes for the entire community.

 Shared equity transactions may also permit a household to afford a home

 in a neighborhood with better schools or other amenities that would

 otherwise be unaffordable for the household. In particular, shared

 equity programs can make it possible for teachers, firefighters, police

 and other modest-income workers to buy homes in the community where

 they work.

     One of the greatest challenges for expanding shared equity

 homeownership has been the difficulty of accessing conventional

 mortgage lending for first mortgages on homes purchased through shared

 equity mechanisms.\135\ For example, a nonprofit community land trust

 with extensive experience developing and preserving homeownership

 preservation units has reported that it is having increasing difficulty

 finding lenders to originate loans with shared equity features.

 According to the land trust, lenders have advised that shared equity

 loans are too difficult and expensive to originate because the loans

 are ineligible for Enterprise automated underwriting and often require

 the lenders to provide the Enterprises with additional representations

 and warranties. Shared equity programs across the country report

 similar experiences.\136\ Fannie Mae has recently made automated

 underwriting available for some shared equity loans.\137\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \135\ Jeffrey Lubell, Bipartisan Policy Center, ``Housing More

 People More Effectively through a Dynamic Housing Policy'' (2015),

 at 10, available at
http://bipartisanpolicy.org/library/housing-more-people-more-effectively-through
-a-dynamic-housing-policy/.

     \136\ See Emily Thaden, ``Results of The 2011 Comprehensive CLT

 Survey'' (January, 2012). Portland, OR: National Community Land

 Trust Network, available at
http://cltnetwork.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/2011-Comprehensive-CLT-Survey.p
df; Robert Hickey,

 Lisa Sturvent & Emily Thaden, ``Achieving Lasting Affordability

 through Inclusionary Housing'' (Working Paper WP14RH1) (July 2014),

 Cambridge, MA: Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, available at

https://www.lincolninst.edu/pubs/2428_Achieving-Lasting-Affordability-through-In
clusionary-Housing.

     \137\ See Fannie Mae Desktop Underwriter Version 9.2 from Aug.

 15, 2015, available at
https://www.fanniemae.com/content/release_notes/du-do-release-notes-08152015.pdf
.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Both Enterprises have loan purchase products that can be used to

 varying degrees with shared equity mechanisms, including deed-

 restricted housing and community land trusts. However, the Enterprises

 could simplify their requirements for these products and make a greater

 effort to ensure that the requirements are widely understood.

 Encouraging Enterprise support for shared equity homeownership could

 help spur this important market.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question by the number assigned below):

     64. Are there additional ways that the Enterprises could support

 long-term affordable homeownership preservation?

     65. Should affordable homeownership be preserved for longer than 30

 years to qualify for Duty to Serve credit and, if so, for how long?

     66. Should Enterprise support for affordable homeownership

 preservation be a Regulatory Activity?

     67. How can the Enterprises provide further support for affordable

 homeownership preservation beyond those specified above or in the

 proposed rule?



 [[Page 79205]]



 v. Preservation of Affordable Housing Through the Choice Neighborhoods

 Initiative--Proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(5)

     Section 1282.34(d)(5) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise activities supporting financing for HUD's

 Choice Neighborhoods Initiative (CNI).\138\ This program seeks to

 preserve and transform distressed affordable housing by creating mixed-

 income housing and investing in neighborhood improvements and upgrades,

 with the ultimate goal of deconcentrating poverty and creating higher-

 opportunity neighborhoods. The program allows for the location of

 replacement housing offsite in lower-poverty neighborhoods and

 assistance to tenants in moving to such neighborhoods to promote the

 deconcentration of poverty. The Enterprises can support the CNI by

 purchasing mortgages that provide permanent financing on housing

 preservation activities that support very low-, low-, and moderate-

 income households.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \138\ 42 U.S.C. 1437v.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 vi. Preservation of Affordable Housing Through the Rental Assistance

 Demonstration Program--Proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(6)

     Section 1282.34(d)(6) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to

 Serve credit for Enterprise activities supporting financing for HUD's

 Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program.\139\ The program seeks

 to improve and preserve public housing and other affordable housing

 supported by older HUD programs by converting the properties' operating

 funds to project-based vouchers or Section 8 rental assistance

 contracts. By converting the funds, public housing authorities can

 access other sources of public and private capital for repair and

 preservation. While the RAD program is primarily a preservation program

 for housing affordable to very low-income tenants, the program can also

 support mixed-income housing as long as all affordable units are

 replaced. The program includes the use of tenant-based vouchers to

 support the deconcentration of poverty and movement of low-income

 tenants to high opportunity areas. The Enterprises can support the RAD

 program by supporting permanent financing on properties that take

 advantage of this program.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \139\ 42 U.S.C. 1437f note.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 3. Rural Markets--Proposed Sec.  1282.35

 a. Background

 i. Overview of Rural Housing

     According to the 2010 U.S. Census, 19.3 percent of the U.S.

 population lives in rural America.\140\ Although urban housing needs

 tend to draw more attention, the housing needs in rural areas are also

 significant. High rural poverty rates and a declining employment base

 have led to rural unemployment and underemployment. While the average

 homeownership rate in rural areas (73 percent) is higher than the

 national average homeownership rate (64 percent),\141\ housing in rural

 areas is more likely to be substandard. Rural housing stock, both

 owner-occupied and rental, exhibits two common characteristics: (1) It

 is comprised primarily of single-family homes (82 percent),\142\

 excluding manufactured housing; and (2) a higher percentage of the

 stock is in substandard condition (6.3 percent) compared to

 metropolitan areas (5.3 percent).\143\ Substandard housing is likely

 due to aging homes, fewer housing code enforcement efforts, lower

 homeowner turnover rates, and less disposable income available for

 dwelling rehabilitation.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \140\ See U.S. Census Bureau, Frequently Asked Questions, ``What

 percentage of the U.S. population is rural?,'' available at
https://ask.census.gov/faq.php?id=5000&faqId=5971.

     \141\ See U.S. Census Bureau, ``American Housing Survey for the

 United States: 2011,'' at 2, Issued September 2013, available at

https://www.census.gov/content/dam/Census/programs-surveys/ahs/data/2011/h150-1.
pdf.

     \142\ Id. at 3.

     \143\ Id. at 15.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Rural communities have more limited access to mortgage credit than

 urban areas,\144\ which severely limits options for decent, clean, and

 affordable rural housing. Interest rates on home mortgages tend to be

 higher in rural areas than in urban areas. Those differences may

 reflect varying expenses associated with mortgage lending and the

 competitiveness and efficiency of mortgage markets. The smaller

 population size and the remoteness of many rural areas can raise lender

 costs. Additionally, rural financial markets, including mortgage

 markets, generally have fewer competitors than urban markets, and rural

 communities may lack sufficient internet service that would allow

 households to access more competitive financing options online. Thus,

 lenders operating in rural markets may be apt to charge more, provide

 fewer products and services, or incur inefficiently high expenses.\145\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \144\ See Adam Wodka, ``Landscapes of Foreclosure: The

 Foreclosure Crisis in Rural America,'' NeighborWorks America and the

 Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, November

 2009, available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/sites/jchs.harvard.edu/files/w10-2_wodka.pdf.

     \145\ See U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research

 Service, ``Can Federal Policy Changes Improve the Performance of

 Rural Mortgage Markets?,'' Agriculture Information Bulletin No. 724-

 12, at 1 (Aug. 1998), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/564761/aib72412_1_.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Another obstacle for rural communities is the lack of local

 capacity to build new homes and renovate existing housing stock. There

 may be few or no local organizations in rural areas, especially in

 areas with the greatest needs that have the resources and expertise to

 undertake rural housing projects. Low density and the lack of volume in

 rural communities make it difficult for organizations to develop

 housing, particularly more cost-effective multifamily housing.

     Rural housing stock has unique features and challenges. Rural

 communities are widely scattered, as are individual housing units

 within those communities. Dwellings may be sited on large parcels and

 have unique construction and design characteristics. Rural housing

 markets also tend to have slower housing turnover, and many have

 seasonal housing needs. Because of the low density of rural markets, a

 general lack of homogeneity in housing quality and features, and slower

 or seasonal market turnover, appraisals can be difficult because

 suitable comparable sales may be few and far between.

     Manufactured housing continues to grow in importance as a rural

 housing choice. Most rural manufactured homes are financed as personal

 property (chattel), which often features higher interest rates with

 shorter repayment terms. However, chattel-financed manufactured homes

 offer an affordable option for many people in rural markets because the

 cost of a manufactured unit is typically lower than that of a site-

 built unit and does not include the cost of the underlying land, which

 the household may rent or already own. A household may also save money

 because it does not pay real estate taxes on chattel property, although

 it may pay personal property taxes on the unit.

     USDA mortgage programs help fill some housing needs in rural

 areas,\146\



 [[Page 79206]]



 and benefit from having local agency administrative infrastructure to

 support the programs. The USDA Section 502 loan program provides very

 low- and low-income families in rural areas earning no more than 80

 percent of area median income up to 100 percent financing to purchase

 existing or newly constructed dwellings or to purchase sites and

 construct dwellings in rural areas.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \146\ The Millennial Housing Commission concluded that rural

 areas are often neglected by major federal housing production

 programs such as HOME, CDBG, and the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit,

 and that as a result, USDA programs have been the primary source of

 rural housing assistance since 1949. See Millennial Housing

 Commission, ``Meeting Our Nation's Housing Challenges--Report of the

 Bipartisan Millennial Housing Commission Appointed by the Congress

 of the United States,'' at 78 (May 30, 2002), available at
http://govinfo.library.unt.edu/mhc/MHCReport.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The USDA Section 515 rental housing program provides funding to

 finance the construction of affordable multifamily rental housing in

 rural areas for very low-, low-, and moderate-income families, elderly

 persons, and persons with disabilities. An ongoing challenge is keeping

 these rental units in rural areas affordable and available for low-

 income families for two reasons in particular. First, a number of

 building owners that received Section 515 loans prior to December 15,

 1989, are prepaying their mortgages and terminating the government

 affordability requirements before the end of the original loan term.

 (Loans made through contracts entered into on or after December 15,

 1989 cannot be prepaid).\147\ USDA offers incentives to owners not to

 prepay and continue to restrict the property to low-income occupancy.

 These incentives include equity loans, reduced interest rates, and

 additional rental assistance. Second, aging properties financed with

 Section 515 loans are physically deteriorating. USDA offers

 preservation assistance to owners or purchasers of Section 515

 properties through its Multifamily Housing Preservation and

 Revitalization (MPR) demonstration program, which provides no-interest

 loans, grants to non-profit owners, soft second loans, and debt

 deferral.\148\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \147\ See Rural Rental Housing Loans (Section 515), September

 2002, available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=19565_515_RuralRental.pdf.

     \148\ See Housing Preservation & Revitalization Demonstration

 Loans & Grants, available at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
housing-preservation-revitalization-demonstration-loans-grants.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 ii. Enterprise Activities in Rural Areas

     Under the definition of ``rural area'' in this proposed rule, which

 is discussed below, as of the end of 2009, 12.7 percent of Enterprise

 total residential mortgage loan purchases were in rural areas. As of

 the end of 2014, 18.5 percent of loans purchased by the Enterprises

 were in rural areas, representing a 46 percent increase from 2009. Of

 these loans, 36 percent were for families with incomes at or below 100

 percent of area median income.

     Difficulties in underwriting loans for rural areas can arise from

 slower or seasonal market turnover, widely scattered home sites, large

 lot sizes, and a general lack of homogeneity in the housing stock.\149\

 In response, the Enterprises have clarified and developed flexible

 collateral underwriting guidelines for rural markets in guidance

 released to creditors and appraisers in 2014.\150\ The Enterprise

 guidelines state that they provide clarifications and dispel common

 industry misconceptions about acceptable appraisal practices and

 property eligibility requirements for homes in small towns and rural

 areas.\151\ Consistent with HUD, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs

 (VA), and USDA-Rural Development policies, the Enterprises' guidelines

 remain broad to allow appraisers to accurately observe, analyze and

 report actual rural market and property conditions. Further, the

 guidelines allow the appraisers discretion to select comparable sales

 that may be dated, distant, or dissimilar to a subject property but

 that best reflect the appraiser's conclusions and opinion of

 value.\152\ This approach recognizes the unique appraisal problems in

 rural markets discussed above. However, in all cases, the appraisal

 must contain adequate reasoning and justification for the analysis and

 conclusions to produce a credible and reliable result.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \149\ See generally Kerry D. Vandell, ``Improving Secondary

 Markets in Rural America,'' Proceedings--Rural and Agricultural

 Conferences, Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, 85-120 (Apr.

 1997), available at https://www.kansascityfed.org/publicat/fra/fra97van.pdf.

     \150\ See Laurie Redmond, ``Freddie Mac Property and Appraisal

 Requirements for Properties Located in Rural Market Areas,'' Letter

 to Freddie Mac Sellers, Freddie Mac Bulletin (Apr. 1, 2014),

 available at
http://www.freddiemac.com/singlefamily/guide/bulletins/pdf/bll1405.pdf. See also
Carlos T. Perez, ``Property and Appraisal

 Requirements for Properties Located in Small Towns and Rural

 Areas,'' Lender Letter LL-2014-02, Letter to All Fannie Mae Single-

 Family Sellers, Fannie Mae (Mar. 25, 2014), available at
https://www.fanniemae.com/content/announcement/ll1402.pdf.

     \151\ See Laurie Redmond, ``Freddie Mac Property and Appraisal

 Requirements for Properties Located in Rural Market Areas,'' Letter

 to Freddie Mac Sellers, Freddie Mac Bulletin (Apr. 1, 2014),

 available at
http://www.freddiemac.com/singlefamily/guide/bulletins/pdf/bll1405.pdf. See
also, Carlos T. Perez, ``Lender Letter LL-2014-

 02,'' Letter to All Fannie Mae Single-Family Sellers, Fannie Mae

 (Mar. 25, 2014), available at
https://www.fanniemae.com/content/announcement/ll1402.pdf.

     \152\ See Laurie Redmond, ``Freddie Mac Property and Appraisal

 Requirements for Properties Located in Rural Market Areas,'' Letter

 to Freddie Mac Sellers, Freddie Mac Bulletin (Apr. 1, 2014),

 available at
http://www.freddiemac.com/singlefamily/guide/bulletins/pdf/bll1405.pdf. See
also, Carlos T. Perez, ``Lender Letter LL-2014-

 02,'' Letter to All Fannie Mae Single-Family Sellers, Fannie Mae

 (Mar. 25, 2014), available at
https://www.fanniemae.com/content/announcement/ll1402.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     As part of their Duty to Serve rural markets, the Enterprises would

 be required to evaluate their current activities in rural areas and

 identify opportunities to increase those activities. This evaluation

 could include the Enterprises' working through federal and state

 programs and with local stakeholders to address liquidity needs in

 rural markets. At the same time, FHFA recognizes that Enterprise Duty

 to Serve efforts will not be able to address all housing finance needs

 in rural markets because of safety and soundness, property eligibility

 requirements, and other constraints.

 b. Regulatory and Additional Activities

     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Enterprises ``shall

 develop loan products and flexible underwriting guidelines to

 facilitate a secondary market for mortgages on housing for very low-,

 low-, and moderate-income families in rural areas.'' \153\ The

 statutory language is broad and does not enumerate specific activities

 or programs that the Enterprises must undertake in support of the rural

 market; as a result, FHFA has specified only one Core Activity for this

 market, as further described below.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \153\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(a)(1)(C).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Section 1282.35(b) of the proposed rule would define eligible

 activities for the rural market as Enterprise activities that

 facilitate a secondary market for mortgages on residential properties

 for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families in rural areas.

 Section 1282.1 of the proposed rule would define ``rural area'' as (1)

 a census tract outside of a metropolitan statistical area (MSA), as

 designated by OMB, or (2) a census tract that is in an MSA but outside

 of the MSA's Urbanized Areas (UAs) and Urban Clusters (UCs), as

 designated by USDA's RUCA codes. The proposed definition of ``rural

 area,'' which is further discussed below, is intended to give the

 Enterprises broad flexibility to undertake and receive Duty to Serve

 credit for activities in rural markets.

     The Enterprises are an important source of liquidity to rural

 markets. As noted above, the Enterprises have increased their purchases

 of mortgage loans in rural markets over the past five years and have

 expanded their outreach to community banks and other rural lenders over

 the past year. Nevertheless, there continues to be a need for outreach,

 support and capacity-building



 [[Page 79207]]



 for rural lenders to facilitate their origination of loans for housing

 in rural areas, which the Enterprises could purchase. Local lenders may

 lack expertise, volume, or resources to participate in Enterprise

 mortgage programs, while larger regional and national lenders that

 serve as aggregators for Enterprise-eligible loans purchased from

 smaller financial institutions are often not active in rural markets.

     The Enterprises' Underserved Markets Plan Activities could include,

 for example, modifying their underwriting of guidelines for rural loans

 eligible for purchase, increasing their rural loan purchases, and

 developing strategies for extending education, outreach and technical

 assistance to small and rural lenders and other entities, including

 nonprofit and for-profit organizations, serving rural markets. Plan

 Activities could also include Enterprise marketing of their products to

 lenders in rural areas in an effort to increase the number of approved

 lenders in those areas, or Enterprise purchases or other assistance

 with mortgages guaranteed under USDA programs or other residential

 mortgages in rural areas.

     The Enterprises' Underserved Markets Plans may also include

 Additional Activities that support the financing of residential

 properties for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families in rural

 areas, subject to FHFA determination of whether such activities are

 eligible for Duty to Serve credit.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     68. What types of barriers exist to rural lending for housing and

 how can the Enterprises best address them?

     69. What types of Enterprise activities could help build

 institutional capacity and expertise among market participants serving

 rural areas?



 Definition of ``Rural Area''



     A definition of ``rural area'' is necessary so that FHFA can

 evaluate the Enterprises' activities in rural markets and measure their

 performance under their Underserved Markets Plans. There is no single,

 universally accepted definition of ``rural area'' because varying

 definitions achieve different policy objectives.\154\ The ``rural

 area'' definitions identify people living in rural locations, but the

 methodologies for defining ``rural areas'' may be based on differing

 geographic units that are sometimes combined with population

 characteristics.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \154\ See generally David A. Fahrenthold, ``What does rural

 mean? Uncle Sam has more than a dozen answers,'' Washington Post

 (June 8, 2013), available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/what-does-rural-mean-uncle-sam-has-more-t
han-a-dozen-answers/2013/06/08/377469e8-ca26-11e2-9c79-a0917ed76189_story.html.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     FHFA considered several criteria in developing a ``rural area''

 definition. Many rural residents live in the outlying counties of

 metropolitan areas. Accordingly, FHFA's ``rural area'' definition for

 Duty to Serve purposes should be broad enough to include such counties.

 Additionally, because of the effect the definition would have on the

 Enterprises' three-year Underserved Markets Plans and activities

 creditable under those Plans, a ``rural area'' definition for the Duty

 to Serve must allow areas under the definition to remain stable over

 time. Other agencies' definitions of rural areas may be subject to

 annual or more frequent changes that may revise the definition and the

 areas included in the definition, based on policy objectives for

 particular programs. A ``rural area'' definition suitable for the Duty

 to Serve should also be census tract-based to allow for customization,

 ease of implementation and operational use by incorporating existing

 Enterprise geocoding systems, which use census tracts.

     In developing its definition of ``rural area,'' FHFA considered the

 criteria discussed above, other agency definitions of ``rural,'' and

 comments received on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule, as discussed

 below.



 USDA Definition of ``Rural''



     The Housing Act of 1949 defines ``rural'' and ``rural area''

 generally as: Any open country, or any place, town, village, or city

 which is not part of or associated with an urban area and which: (1)

 Has a population not in excess of 2,500 inhabitants, or (2) has a

 population in excess of 2,500 but not in excess of 10,000 if it is

 rural in character, or (3) has a population in excess of 10,000 but not

 in excess of 20,000, and (A) is not contained within a standard MSA,

 and (B) has a serious lack of mortgage credit for lower and moderate-

 income families, as determined by the Secretaries of Agriculture and

 HUD.\155\ Because this definition is implemented and updated by USDA,

 FHFA would not need to update the areas included in the definition with

 successive Censuses if the definition were used for the Duty to Serve.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \155\ 42 U.S.C. 1490. The Agricultural Act of 2014 amended the

 Housing Act of 1949 definition of ``rural'' so that areas deemed

 rural between 2000 and 2010 would retain that designation until USDA

 receives data from the 2020 decennial Census. The amendments also

 raised the population threshold for eligibility from 25,000 to

 35,000 if the area is rural in nature and has a serious lack of

 mortgage credit for lower- and moderate-income families. See

 Agricultural Act of 2014, Public Law 113-79, Sec.  6208, 128 Stat.

 861 (2014), available at
https://www.congress.gov/113/plaws/publ79/PLAW-113publ79.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Commenters on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule generally

 favored using the USDA definition for the Duty to Serve. Several

 nonprofit organizations stated that the USDA definition is sufficiently

 broad to cover almost all rural areas, and some stated that it should

 be used for the sake of consistency. However, one Enterprise commented

 that the USDA definition presents unacceptable operational risks and

 recommended consideration of other methodologies, possibly using a

 combination of classifications. The Enterprise stated that unless the

 USDA maintains accessible archives, the USDA definition would prohibit

 replication and verification of results once USDA data are updated.

     The Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that because MSAs

 contain both urban and rural areas and have increased substantially in

 both size and number in recent decades, they may not be good

 determinants of urban-rural distinctions.\156\ Adoption of the USDA

 definition would also pose significant implementation challenges for

 the Enterprises as the definition splits census tracts into rural and

 urban components, increasing the difficulty of use because the

 Enterprises' existing geocoding programs use whole census tracts. In

 addition, the Enterprises would have to automate the coding of urban-

 rural designations based on information currently available only

 through the USDA Web site. The USDA Web site is designed for loan

 underwriters and originators, which deal in much smaller numbers of

 transactions than the Enterprises. Because of the significantly larger

 volume of the Enterprises' transactions, the Enterprises would need the

 capability to automate the rural-urban designations for large numbers

 of properties. This would be a costly and time-consuming process for

 the Enterprises. Moreover, USDA revises its rural-designated areas

 throughout the year at the state and local field office level, which

 would further complicate the use of USDA's definition in determining

 Duty to Serve-creditable



 [[Page 79208]]



 Enterprise activity in a given Underserved Markets Plan year.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \156\ See United States Government Accountability Office, GAO-

 05-110, ``Rural Housing--Changing the Definition of Rural Could

 Improve Eligibility Determinations'' (Dec. 2004), available at

 http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d05110.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     However, one USDA indicator of rurality was found to be

 particularly useful in constructing FHFA's definition of ``rural area''

 in the proposed rule. This is USDA's RUCA codes designation.\157\ RUCA

 designations are census tract-based and classify census tracts using

 measures of population density, urbanization, and daily commuting. RUCA

 designations are clear, meaningful, and easy to operationalize. As

 further discussed below, FHFA has incorporated RUCA codes in its

 proposed definition of ``rural area.''

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \157\
http://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/rural-urban-commuting-area-codes/documenta
tion.aspx.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 CFPB Definition of ``Rural''



     FHFA also considered CFPB's definition of ``rural'' used for escrow

 account requirements on higher-priced mortgage loans. CFPB defines

 ``rural'' as counties outside of all MSAs and outside of all

 micropolitan statistical areas that are adjacent to MSAs, as those

 terms are defined by OMB and as they are currently applied under USDA

 ``Urban Influence Codes'' (UICs) established by the USDA-Economic

 Research Service (ERS).\158\ Additionally, CFPB considers a rural area

 a census block that is designated as ``rural'' by the U.S. Census

 Bureau in the urban-rural classification it completes after each

 decennial Census.\159\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \158\ See 80 FR 59944, 59968 (Oct. 2, 2015) to be codified at 12

 CFR 1026.35(b)(2)(iv)(A), effective January 1, 2016.

     \159\ Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The first component of the CFPB definition for rural \160\ uses

 counties as the geographic unit. Counties are the most commonly used

 geographic component of definitions of ``rural.'' \161\ They are simple

 to understand and since county boundaries are stable over time, the

 definition of ``rural'' remains stable. CFPB maintains a list of

 counties eligible under its definition of ``rural'' on its Web site and

 updates the list annually.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \160\ See 80 FR 59944, 59968 (Oct. 2, 2015) to be codified at 12

 CFR 1026.35(b)(2)(iv)(A)(1), effective January 1, 2016.

     \161\ See Andrew F. Coburn, A. Clinton MacKinney, Timothy D.

 McBride, Keith J. Mueller, Rebecca T. Slifkin, & Mary K. Wakefield,

 ``Choosing Rural Definitions: Implications for Health Policy,'' at 2

 (Mar. 2007), available at http://www.rupri.org/Forms/RuralDefinitionsBrief.pdf.


 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The second component of the CFPB definition for rural may pose

 implementation and operational issues for the Enterprises, as the

 Enterprises rely on geocoding using census tracts rather than census

 blocks.



 U.S. Census Bureau Definition of ``Rural''



     FHFA also considered the U.S. Census Bureau's metropolitan/urban

 and non-metropolitan/rural areas designations. The U.S. Census Bureau's

 urban areas designations represent densely developed territory,

 encompassing residential, commercial and other non-residential urban

 land uses. The U.S. Census Bureau designates urban areas after each

 decennial Census by applying specified criteria to decennial Census and

 other data and identifies two types of urban areas: (i) UAs of 50,000

 or more people; and (ii) UCs of at least 2,500 and less than 50,000

 people. The U.S. Census Bureau designates rural areas as those areas

 encompassing all population, housing and territory not included within

 a UA or UC.\162\ The U.S. Census Bureau's designation of rural areas is

 stable over time, does not require reliance on external Web sites or

 published lists, and is census tract-based. Its designations of UAs and

 UCs allow for identification of rural census tracts even within

 counties located within MSAs, which are based on county information,

 and are appropriate for purposes of the Duty to Serve.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \162\ See United States Census Bureau, ``Urban and Rural

 Classification,'' Web. 20 (Feb. 2015), available at
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/ua/urban-rural-2010.html.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 FHFA Proposed Definition of ``Rural Area''--Proposed Sec.  1282.1



     After considering the various criteria, other agencies' definitions

 of ``rural,'' and the comments received on the 2010 Duty to Serve

 proposed rule, discussed above, FHFA is proposing to define ``rural

 area'' in Sec.  1282.1 by combining two different geographic

 designations that would incorporate nonmetropolitan areas.

 Specifically, the proposed rule would define ``rural area'' as (1) a

 census tract outside of an MSA, as designated by OMB, or (2) a census

 tract that is in an MSA but outside of the MSA's UAs and UCs, as

 designated by USDA's RUCA codes.\163\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \163\ Primary RUCA code 1 indicates an UA, and primary RUCA

 codes 4 and 7 indicate UCs; census tracts with these codes would not

 be included in the Duty to Serve definition of ``rural area.'' A

 dataset based on this proposed definition is posted at www.fhfa.gov.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     FHFA's proposed definition would be census tract-based, which would

 be more specific than county-based or MSA-based definitions and should

 better distinguish between rural areas and non-rural areas without

 excluding outlying counties of metropolitan areas. As discussed above,

 USDA's RUCA codes classify census tracts using measures of population

 density, urbanization, and daily commuting, are clear and meaningful,

 and would be easy for the Enterprises to incorporate into their current

 operating infrastructures. In short, the Enterprises should be able to

 easily implement FHFA's proposed definition using their existing

 geocoding systems and the proposed definition should provide stability

 to support the multi-year Underserved Markets Plans.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify each question by the number assigned below):

     70. Would one of the four definitions discussed above better serve

 Duty to Serve objectives, and if so, why?

     71. How could operational concerns about Enterprise implementation

 under each of the definitions be addressed?



 High-Needs Rural Regions and High-Needs Rural Populations--Proposed

 Sec.  1282.35(c)



     Section 1282.35(c) of the proposed rule would provide Duty to Serve

 credit for Enterprise support of financing of income-eligible housing

 for high-needs rural regions and high-needs rural populations. Under

 the proposed rule, this activity would constitute a Regulatory Activity

 which the Enterprises would have to address in their Underserved

 Markets Plans by indicating how they choose to undertake the activity

 or the reasons why they will not undertake the activity.

     Section 1282.1 of the proposed rule would define a ``high-needs

 rural region'' as any of the following regions, provided it is located

 in a rural area as defined in the proposed rule: (i) Middle Appalachia;

 (ii) The Lower Mississippi Delta; or (iii) a colonia. Section 1282.1

 would define a ``high-needs rural population'' as any of the following

 populations, provided the population is located in a rural area as

 defined in the proposed rule: (i) members of a Federally recognized

 Indian tribe located in an Indian area; or (ii) migrant and seasonal

 agricultural workers. FHFA chose these rural regions and populations

 because they are characterized by a high concentration of poverty and

 substandard housing conditions.

     The economic distress experienced in these regions and by these

 populations is evident in their poor housing conditions and

 unaffordable housing.\164\



 [[Page 79209]]



 Manufactured housing is prevalent in these regions and is a significant

 option for affordable housing.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \164\ See Housing Assistance Council, ``Taking Stock: Rural

 People, Poverty, and Housing at the Turn of the 21st Century,'' at

 37 (2002) [hereinafter ``HAC 2002 Study''], available at
http://www.ruralhome.org/sct-information/mn-hac-research/mn-rrr/245-taking-stock
-2000.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     While these regions and populations share common housing problems,

 unique challenges in some regions include: A scarcity of suitable

 building lots and high costs of site development and access in Middle

 Appalachia; particular affordability problems in the Lower Mississippi

 Delta; title issues with contract-for-deed (installment financing) for

 land purchases in colonias; and title issues on Native American lands,

 which are tribal-owned. These regions and populations are typically

 assisted by government agencies, local community development

 corporations, housing finance agencies, and nonprofit organizations,

 which have helped promote economic growth and improvements in housing

 conditions through various projects and programs. However, these

 regions and populations tend to lack the public-private development and

 financing infrastructure necessary to sustain improvements in housing

 conditions. Enterprise focus on these regions and populations could

 help provide increased financial infrastructure that facilitates

 improvements in housing conditions and affordability.

     The high-need regions in the proposed definition are discussed

 further below.

     a. Middle Appalachia. As defined by the Appalachian Regional

 Commission (ARC), the Appalachia region includes all of West Virginia,

 and parts of Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, New

 York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee,

 and Virginia. The Appalachia region is home to more than 25 million

 people and covers 420 counties and almost 205,000 square miles.\165\

 Middle Appalachia is a sub-region of Appalachia, which ARC defines as

 the 230 ARC-designated counties in Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio,

 Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.\166\ Middle Appalachia is

 predominantly rural, with over 80 percent of Middle Appalachia's

 counties being non-metropolitan.\167\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \165\ See Appalachian Regional Commission, FINANCIAL

 STATEMENTS--As of And For The Years Ended September 30, 2013 and

 2012, Note 1 at 8 (Jan. 29, 2014), available at
http://www.arc.gov/images/aboutarc/members/IG/Report14-09FiscalYear2013Financial
StatementAudit.pdf.

     \166\ See Appalachian Regional Commission, Subregions in

 Appalachia (Nov. 2009), available at
http://www.arc.gov/research/MapsofAppalachia.asp?MAP_ID=31. Middle Appalachia
comprises the

 North Central, Central and South Central subregions of Appalachia.

     \167\ See HAC 2002 Study, supra note 164, at 56.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Substandard housing is a particularly prevalent problem in Middle

 Appalachia. Eighty percent of counties in the region have higher levels

 of housing units with inadequate plumbing than the national level.\168\

 Manufactured housing (not on permanent foundations) is also very common

 in the region, accounting for 18 percent of all housing units. This is

 due to limited suitable land (e.g., to support foundations and provide

 wells or septic systems) for site-built homes as well as low incomes

 that make other types of housing unaffordable.\169\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \168\ See HAC 2002 Study, supra note 164, at 60.

     \169\ See Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     b. The Lower Mississippi Delta. As defined by the Lower Mississippi

 Delta Development Act and the former Lower Mississippi Delta

 Development Commission, the Lower Mississippi Delta region is comprised

 of counties and parishes in portions of Arkansas, Louisiana,

 Mississippi, Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Alabama.\170\

 Technically, the region is not a delta but a 200-mile plain that covers

 more than 90,000 miles of rivers and streams and more than 3 million

 acres.\171\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \170\ See Lower Mississippi Delta Development Act, Oct. 1, 1988,

 Public Law 100-460, Title II, Sec.  201; HAC 2002 Study, supra note

 164, at 87. The State of Alabama was added in 2000 as a provision of

 the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2001, Public Law 106-554 (114

 Stat. 2763A-252). See generally Eugene Boyd, Congressional Research

 Service, Federal Regional Authorities and Commissions: Their

 Function and Design, at 15-25 (Order Code RL33076 (Sept. 21, 2006),

 available at https://www.hsdl.org/?view&did=467086. The Lower

 Mississippi Delta Commission's operations were terminated on

 September 30, 1990. See id. at 16.

     \171\ See HAC 2002 Study, supra note 164, at 84.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In considering the Lower Mississippi Delta Development Act, the

 U.S. Senate found that the lower Mississippi River valley is the

 poorest, most underdeveloped region in the United States, ranking

 lowest by almost every economic and social indicator.\172\ It has an

 overwhelming need for the development of decent, affordable

 housing.\173\ Challenges in assisting this region have included

 insufficient local capacity to undertake development efforts, the

 absence of adequate resources and financing mechanisms, and the lack of

 collaboration among ongoing efforts in the region.\174\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \172\ S. Rep. No. 557, 100th Cong., 2d Sess., at 2 (1988). See

 also The Economist, ``The Hellhound's Trail--A Delta town starts to

 make good,'' (May 4, 2013), available at
http://www.economist.com/node/21577093/print.

     \173\ HAC 2002 Study, supra note 164, at 89. See generally Chico

 Harlan, ``An opportunity gamed away--For a county in the Deep South

 that reaped millions from casino business, poverty is still its spin

 of the wheel,'' The Washington Post (July 11, 2015), available at

http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/business/2015/07/11/an-opportunity-gamed-away/.


     \174\ See HAC 2002 Study, supra note 164, at 89. See generally

 Chico Harlan, ``An opportunity gamed away--For a county in the Deep

 South that reaped millions from casino business, poverty is still

 its spin of the wheel,'' The Washington Post (July 11, 2015),

 available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/business/2015/07/11/an-opportunity-gamed-away/.


 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     c. Colonias. In Latin America, the word ``colonia'' means

 ``neighborhood'' or ``community.'' The Cranston-Gonzalez National

 Affordable Housing Act (NAHA) has two definitions of a ``colonia''

 depending on the applicable housing program. NAHA defines a ``colonia''

 as an ``identifiable community'' that: (A) is in the State of Arizona,

 California, New Mexico, or Texas; (B) is in an area of the United

 States within 150 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border (not including any

 standard MSA with a population exceeding 1 million), or is in the

 United States-Mexico border region (the applicable criterion depends on

 the particular housing program); (C) is determined to be a colonia on

 the basis of objective criteria, including lack of potable water

 supply, lack of adequate sewage systems, and lack of decent, safe and

 sanitary housing; and (D) was in existence as a colonia before November

 28, 1990.\175\ Previous statutory definitions of ``colonia'' also

 included a requirement that the identifiable community be designated by

 the state or county in which it is located as a colonia.\176\ The

 definitions used in HUD and USDA programs include criteria from the

 previous and current statutory definitions, depending on the particular

 housing program.\177\ The NAHA definition as used by HUD and USDA

 programs also includes other types of colonia communities, such as

 dense settlements of modular or manufactured homes.\178\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \175\ 42 U.S.C. 1479(f)(8); 42 U.S.C. 5306note.

     \176\ Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4290, 4396.

     \177\ 24 CFR 570.411, 7 CFR 1777.4.

     \178\ 24 CFR 570.411, 7 CFR 1777.4. See ``Colonias History,''

 available at https://www.hudexchange.info/cdbg-colonias/colonias-history/.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In many cases, state and local jurisdictions play an important role

 in the level of public controls related to factors such as the initial

 designation of the colonias, their ongoing conditions, and the

 political initiative to improve their conditions. Some colonias are

 incorporated communities under the control of a city, some are

 unincorporated under the control of the county, and others may be in

 extra-jurisdictional territories of cities which



 [[Page 79210]]



 share some level of control with the county. The political motivation

 to improve conditions for colonia residents has led to an assortment of

 projects that combine funding from multiple federal and non-federal

 sources including local resources.\179\ Colonias typically have been

 formed in response to a need for affordable housing that gives people a

 sense of ownership.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \179\ Id.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Lack of decent, affordable single-family and rental housing

 continues to be a major problem in colonias. While homeownership rates

 in colonias are similar to national homeownership rates, the percentage

 of vacant properties in colonias (12 percent) is higher than the

 percentage of vacant properties nationally (8.4 percent). This may

 reflect a lack of affordability for acquiring or sustaining ownership

 by a population characterized by significant poverty, household

 migration for available farm work, and abandonment of substandard

 housing. Many colonia residents typically purchase unimproved land

 rather than improved property, and rely on financing methods such as a

 contract for deed rather than a traditional mortgage.\180\ This may be

 because traditional lenders are unwilling to make standard mortgages on

 land without certain infrastructure or on which the improvements may be

 self-built. Non-traditional lenders may not offer alternatives to

 contract-for-deed financing even when financing improvements to the

 land. A contract for deed is a form of installment sale in which the

 seller does not transfer legal title to the buyer until after the buyer

 has paid the entire purchase price.\181\ As with most installment

 financing, the homebuyer is usually responsible for maintenance of the

 property and payment of the taxes and insurance during the contract

 term and typically loses the right to recover the value of any

 improvements made to the property. Consequently, a contract for deed

 lacks some of the borrower protections that a mortgage provides through

 lengthier default and foreclosure processes and, in some cases,

 redemption periods. Contracts for deed are also more likely to carry

 interest rates applicable to consumer loans, such as 12 percent to 18

 percent, which are generally much higher than residential mortgage

 rates.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \180\ See Housing Assistance Council, ``Housing in the Border

 Colonias'' (Aug. 2013), available at
http://www.ruralhome.org/storage/documents/rpts_pubs/ts10_border_colonias.pdf.

     \181\ Peter M. Ward, Heather K. Way & Lucille Wood, ``The

 Contract for Deed Prevalence Project--A Final Report to the Texas

 Department of Housing and Community Affairs (TDHCA),'' at IV (Aug.

 2012), available at
http://www.tdhca.state.tx.us/housing-center/docs/CFD-Prevalence-Project.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     If the full NAHA definition were applied for the Duty to Serve, the

 Enterprises would likely be able to receive little or no Duty to Serve

 credit for colonias. This is because to be eligible for purchase by the

 Enterprises, mortgages on residential properties must meet the

 Enterprises' property eligibility requirements, including project

 access and infrastructure, presence of site utilities, acceptable

 property condition, and marketability. The NAHA definition of colonia

 includes a requirement that the community lack a potable water supply

 and adequate sewage systems. The Enterprises' property eligibility

 requirements would not permit them to purchase mortgages on properties

 that lack potable water supplies and adequate sewage systems. A broader

 definition of ``colonia'' that incorporates some but not all of the

 elements of the NAHA definitions would provide the broadest scope for

 Duty to Serve credit for Enterprise purchases of mortgage loans and

 conducting of other activities in colonias.

     Accordingly, FHFA proposes to define ``colonia'' for Duty to Serve

 purposes as an identifiable community that (A) is designated by a State

 or county in which it is located as a colonia; (B) is located in the

 State of Arizona, California, New Mexico, or Texas; and (C) is located

 in a U.S. census tract with some portion of the tract within 150 miles

 of the U.S.-Mexico border.

     The high-needs populations in the proposed definition are discussed

 further below.

     a. Members of a Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Located in an

 Indian Area. The federal government now recognizes 337 Native American

 tribes, predominantly in the Plains region and the American Southwest,

 and 229 Alaska Native Villages.182 183 Approximately 70

 percent of homes on Native American lands are owner-occupied; however,

 Native American tribes and Alaska Native Villages generally own the

 underlying land to ensure the land is not sold to non-tribal members or

 non-Alaskan Natives. Consequently, the land and improvements may not

 have the same transfer rights and may function more like a leasehold

 estate, deterring traditional lenders from financing mortgages for home

 purchases because they cannot perfect the lien on the collateral.

 Despite the high rate of homeownership, there is a demand for rental

 housing on tribal and Alaska Native Villages Land. However, a shortage

 of decent, affordable rental properties on such land makes renting less

 common. This shortage is due in part to many villages being located on

 rivers or in coastal areas subject to erosion and flooding.\184\

 Coastal area locations prone to flooding may contribute to a lack of

 incentive to develop rental housing due to higher costs and risks

 associated with building in such areas. In addition, housing project

 development may not be cost effective because costs are generally more

 expensive on tribal and Alaska Native Village lands due to increased

 costs to transport construction equipment, labor and materials to

 isolated, rural locations.\185\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \182\ See U.S. Department of Interior Indian Affairs, ``Tribal

 Directory,'' available at
http://www.bia.gov/WhoWeAre/BIA/OIS/TribalGovernmentServices/TribalDirectory/ind
ex.htm.

     \183\ See National Conference of State Legislators (NCSL) Web

 site (Updated Feb. 2015), available at
http://www.ncsl.org/research/state-tribal-institute/list-of-federal-and-state-re
cognized-tribes.aspx.

     \184\ See GAO, Alaska Native Villages Report (Dec. 2003),

 available at http://www.gao.gov/products/A08981.

     \185\ See Housing Assistance Council, ``Housing on Native

 American Lands'' (Sept. 2013), available at
http://www.ruralhome.org/storage/documents/rpts_pubs/ts10_native_lands.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Under the proposed rule, Enterprise activities serving members of

 Native American tribes or Alaska Native Villages (hereafter referred to

 as Federally recognized Indian tribes to be consistent with the legal

 definition used by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA)) in an Indian

 area that is located in a rural area would be a Regulatory Activity.

 Section 1282.1 would define a ``Federally recognized Indian tribe'' in

 accordance with the BIA definition. BIA defines a ``Federally

 recognized Indian tribe'' as ``an entity listed on the Department of

 Interior's list under the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of

 1994, which the Secretary currently acknowledges as an Indian tribe and

 with which the United States maintains a government-to-government

 relationship.'' \186\ Section 1282.1 would define ``Indian area'' in

 accordance with the HUD definition. HUD defines an ``Indian area'' as

 the area within which an Indian tribe operates affordable housing

 programs or the area in which a Tribally Designated Housing Entity is

 authorized by one or more Indian tribes to operate affordable housing

 programs.\187\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \186\ See 25 CFR 83.1.

     \187\ See 24 CFR 1000.10.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     b. Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Workers. The United States has

 an estimated 1.4 million agricultural



 [[Page 79211]]



 workers.\188\ Approximately 25 percent of agricultural workers have

 family incomes below the poverty line, which is roughly twice the

 national rate.\189\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \188\ See Oxfam America & Farm Labor Organizing Committee, ``A

 state of fear: Human rights abuses in North Carolina's tobacco

 industry,'' at 17 (2011), available at
http://www.oxfamamerica.org/static/oa3/files/a-state-of-fear.pdf.

     \189\ See Housing Assistance Council, ``Housing Conditions for

 Farmworkers,'' Research Report, at 1 (Sept. 2013) [hereinafter ``HAC

 Farmworker Report''], available at
http://www.ruralhome.org/storage/documents/rpts_pubs/ts10-farmworkers.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Because of instability in their work situation, many agricultural

 workers have atypical and significant housing needs.\190\ Migrant

 agricultural workers travel from place to place to work in agriculture

 and move into temporary housing while working.\191\ Seasonal

 agricultural workers typically live in a permanent community year-

 round.\192\ Today, fewer agricultural workers follow traditional

 patterns of migration and instead stay in one place year- round.\193\

 Nevertheless, inadequate and substandard housing conditions for many

 agricultural workers have remained unchanged over time.\194\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \190\ For a discussion of housing difficulties facing migrant

 farmworkers, see, e.g., Lauren Mills, ``Poor Housing, Wage Cheats

 Still Plague Midwest Migrant Farm Workers,'' IowaWatch.org (Dec. 30,

 2013), available at
http://iowawatch.org/2013/12/30/poor-housing-wage-hassles-still-plague-midwest-m
igrant-farm-workers/; Murrow,

 ``Harvest of Shame'' (1960) (broadcast), available at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJTVF_dya7E.

     \191\ See Student Action with Farmworkers, Home United States

 Farmworker Factsheet, at 1 (2007), available at
https://saf-unite.org/sites/default/files/usfarmworkerfactsheet.pdf.

     \192\ Id.

     \193\ See HAC Farmworker Report, supra note 189, at 3.

     \194\ See HAC Farmworker Report, supra note 189, at 1.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     According to HAC, 85 percent of agricultural workers nationwide

 obtain their housing through the private market rather than through

 employers or public programs.\195\ More than 60 percent of agricultural

 worker-occupied housing units are rented, and approximately 35 percent

 are owner-occupied.\196\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \195\ See HAC Farmworker Report, supra note 189, at 4.

     \196\ HAC Farmworker Report, supra note 189, at 4. This report

 does not specify the housing types for the remaining 5 percent of

 farmworkers who are not renters or owner-occupants.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Housing arrangements for agricultural workers tend to vary by

 region, with the majority of East Coast agricultural workers living in

 employer-provided housing.\197\ The housing stock tends to be group

 quarters, individual homes or manufactured homes provided and

 controlled by the employer.\198\ The housing may be part of the

 worker's compensation.\199\ Concerns about some employer-provided

 housing have included overcrowding, inadequate or dysfunctional

 bathroom and shower facilities, leaky roofs, lack of heat or

 ventilation, inadequate or no laundry facilities, insect or rodent

 infestations, lack of security (locks), and inadequate cooking

 facilities.\200\ The proximity of the housing to insecticide-laced farm

 fields, and the exposure to mold and dirty drinking water, can raise

 health concerns.\201\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \197\ See J. Keim-Malpass, C.R. Spears-Johnson, S.A. Quandt, &

 T.A. Arcury, ``Perceptions of housing conditions among migrant

 farmworkers and their families: implications for health, safety and

 social policy,'' Rural and Remote Health 15:3076, at 2 (Feb. 13,

 2015) [hereinafter ``Housing Health Study''], available at
http://www.rrh.org.au/publishedarticles/article_print_3076.pdf.

     \198\ Id.

     \199\ Id.

     \200\ See Housing Health Study, supra note 197.

     \201\ See Housing Health Study, supra note 197, at 8-11.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Unlike their East Coast counterparts, most agricultural workers in

 California find their own housing \202\ as employers offload the costs

 of their workers' housing.\203\ Increasingly, this housing is located

 in cities.\204\ The workers commute to farms, where they labor year

 round rather than seasonally.\205\ Their housing stock sometimes

 includes unfinished garages, work sheds, barns, vehicles and

 shacks.\206\ It can also include informal clusters of dwellings on a

 single lot, typically a main house and one or more ``back houses.''

 \207\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \202\ See Housing Health Study, supra note 197, at 2.

     \203\ See Don Villarejo, ``California's Hired Farm Workers Move

 to the Cities: The Outsourcing of Responsibility for Farm Labor

 Housing,'' at 1 (Jan. 24, 2014) [hereinafter ``Move to Cities

 Study''], available at
http://www.crla.org/sites/all/files/u6/2014/rju0214/VillarejoFrmLbrHsngHlth_CRLA
_012414.pdf.

     \204\ See generally Move to Cities Study, supra note 203.

     \205\ See Move to Cities Study, supra note 203, at 15, 17, 18,

 27.

     \206\ See Don Villarejo, ``The Status of Farm Labor Housing--And

 the Health of Workers,'' at 12 (Cal. Inst. For Rural Studies, Mar.

 6, 2015), available at
http://www.cirsinc.org/phocadownload/userupload/housing-status_health_us_hired-f
arm-workers_2015.pdf.

     \207\ See Move to Cities Study, supra note 203, at 19.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Section 1282.1 of the proposed rule would define ``migrant

 agricultural workers'' and ``seasonal agricultural workers'' in

 accordance with the U.S. Department of Labor's (DOL) definitions.\208\

 DOL defines a ``migrant agricultural worker'' generally as an

 individual with agricultural employment of a seasonal or other

 temporary nature, who is required to be absent overnight from his

 permanent place of residence. DOL defines a ``seasonal agricultural

 worker'' generally as an individual with agricultural employment of a

 seasonal or other temporary nature, who is not required to be absent

 overnight from his permanent place of residence when employed on a farm

 or ranch performing certain specified types of agricultural work, and

 who is transported, or caused to be transported, to or from the place

 of employment by means of a day-haul operation.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \208\ DOL's definitions are at 29 CFR 500.20(p) & (r).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     72. Should Enterprise support for housing for high-needs rural

 regions and high-needs rural populations be a Regulatory Activity?

     73. What activities could the Enterprises undertake to provide

 liquidity and other support to high-needs rural regions and high-needs

 rural populations?

     74. How should FHFA define ``colonia'' for Duty to Serve purposes?

     75. How should FHFA define ``member of an Indian tribe,''

 ``Federally recognized Indian tribe,'' and ``Indian Area'' for Duty to

 Serve purposes?

     76. What specific actions could the Enterprises take to assist the

 needs of migrant and seasonal agricultural workers?

     77. Are there high-needs rural regions and/or high needs rural

 populations in addition to those identified above that should be

 included in this section, and, if so, how should they be defined to

 receive Duty to Serve credit?

     78. How might loan sellers and the Enterprises collect data

 establishing that housing to be financed would specifically benefit

 migrant and seasonal agricultural workers?

     79. Should FHFA define ``high-needs populations'' to include other

 categories of agricultural workers with high-needs housing issues in

 addition to seasonal and migrant agricultural workers? Should FHFA

 include agricultural workers in permanent annual employment in the

 definition?



 IV. Evaluating and Rating Enterprise Duty To Serve Performance--

 Proposed Sec.  1282.36



     The Safety and Soundness Act requires FHFA to separately evaluate

 whether each Enterprise has complied with its Duty to Serve each

 underserved market and to annually ``rate the performance of each

 [E]nterprise as to the extent of compliance.'' \209\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \209\ 12 U.S.C. 4565(d).



 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [[Page 79212]]



     Under the proposed rule, FHFA's criteria for evaluating an

 Enterprise's annual Duty to Serve compliance would be set forth in an

 evaluation guide. FHFA would prepare a separate evaluation guide for

 each Enterprise for each evaluation year. FHFA would develop the

 evaluation guide using the contents of the Enterprise's Plan and the

 assessment factors. FHFA would provide the evaluation guide to the

 Enterprise at least 30 days before January 1st of the evaluation year

 for which the guide is applicable, except that the evaluation guide for

 the first evaluation year after the effective date of this regulation

 would be delivered on a date to be determined by FHFA. The evaluation

 guide would be required to be posted on the respective Enterprise's Web

 site and on FHFA's Web site.

     The evaluation guide would allocate a range of potential scoring

 points, e.g., a maximum of 10 and a minimum of 0, to each Plan

 activity. The evaluation guide would allocate a higher number of

 potential scoring points to Plan activities that are expected to

 require greater Enterprise resources and effort and to have a greater

 impact on the particular underserved market. The aggregate maximum

 number of scoring points that would be allocated to all of the Plan

 activities grouped under a particular underserved market would be 100

 points.

     At the end of the evaluation period, FHFA would compare the

 evaluation guide criteria to an Enterprise's actual performance under

 its Plan and assign a score to each Plan activity. The score could not

 exceed the number of potential scoring points allocated to the Plan

 activity in the evaluation guide. For example, for a Plan activity that

 had been allocated a maximum of 10 points in the evaluation guide, FHFA

 might award 4 points for modest performance and 8 points for good

 performance. After FHFA has awarded a score to each Plan activity, FHFA

 would sum the scoring points for all of the Plan activities that are

 grouped under each underserved market. The sum of those scores would

 produce an overall composite score ranging from 0 to 100 for each

 underserved market. Therefore, each Enterprise would have three overall

 composite scores, one for each underserved market.

     The evaluation guide would contain a table that assigns overall

 composite score numerical ranges for each underserved market to each of

 the following four overall ratings: ``Exceeds,'' ``High Satisfactory,''

 ``Low Satisfactory,'' and ``Fails.'' The four numerical ranges assigned

 to the overall ratings would include all whole numbers from 0 to 100

 with no overlap. An Enterprise's overall rating for each underserved

 market would be determined by the numerical range within which the

 Enterprise's overall composite score falls. For example, if the table

 provides that an overall composite score of between 90 and 100

 corresponds to an ``Exceeds'' rating, then an overall composite score

 of 93 for a particular underserved market would receive an ``Exceeds''

 rating for that underserved market in that evaluation year. The same

 table range would apply to each underserved market. A rating of

 ``Exceeds,'' ``High Satisfactory,'' or ``Low Satisfactory'' would

 constitute compliance with the Duty to Serve the underserved market. A

 rating of ``Fails'' would constitute noncompliance with the Duty to

 Serve the underserved market.

     The 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule would have established a two-

 tier evaluation system of ``In compliance'' or ``Noncompliance'' for

 Enterprise performance under each underserved market. In addition, it

 would have required FHFA to annually assign a rating of

 ``Satisfactory'' or ``Unsatisfactory'' to Enterprise performance for

 each of the four statutory assessment factors in each of the

 underserved markets. The evaluation approach in this proposed rule

 differs from the approach in the 2010 proposed rule. The proposed

 rule's new approach to evaluations would enhance specificity by

 providing four distinct rating tiers instead of two, and would give

 FHFA the flexibility to make necessary refinements to the evaluation

 guide scoring process. This would enable the Enterprises to better

 focus their resources on areas of highest Duty to Serve value in a

 particular evaluation year and better understand FHFA's expectations.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     80. Is there an alternative approach to evaluation of Enterprise

 Duty to Serve compliance that would enable FHFA to better measure the

 Enterprises' Duty to Serve compliance?

     81. Should FHFA consider a different rating structure (e.g., a

 rating structure with fewer or more ratings tiers)?



 V. Extra Credit for Residential Economic Diversity Activities--Proposed

 Sec.  1282.37



     While FHFA would rely under the proposed rule on the statutory

 assessment factors for scoring the Enterprises' performance for each

 underserved market, FHFA would also grade qualifying activities within

 each of these markets on any activities the Enterprises planned under a

 non-mandatory residential economic diversity criterion. To qualify for

 extra credit, an activity first must be an eligible activity that

 contributes to an Enterprise's Duty to Serve an underserved market.

 Under this criterion, FHFA would evaluate the Enterprises on the extent

 to which their qualifying activities promote residential economic

 diversity in an underserved market in connection with mortgages on: (1)

 Affordable housing in a high opportunity area; or (2) mixed-income

 housing in an area of concentrated poverty.

     The scoring points awarded for these qualifying activities would be

 treated as extra credit for an underserved market (extra credit could

 not move the composite score within such a market above 100 points).

 FHFA specifically requests comments on how the extra credit should be

 applied.

     In Sec.  1282.1, FHFA proposes to define ``high opportunity area''

 as an area designated by HUD as a ``Difficult Development Area''

 (DDA).\210\ DDAs identify areas where it is difficult to create

 affordable housing due to high rents relative to area median income.

 The HUD DDAs are generally seen as a proxy for higher opportunity

 neighborhoods that offer good schools, access to transportation and

 labor markets, and other amenities. Beginning in 2016, HUD will define

 DDAs within metropolitan areas at the zip code level (also known as

 ``Small Area Difficult Development Areas''), rather than the current

 practice which identifies them based on larger geographic areas. HUD's

 DDAs are updated annually and are publicly available on HUD's Web site.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \210\ 26 U.S.C. 42(d)(5)(B)(iii). For the 2016 DDAs, see 80 FR

 73201 (Nov. 24, 2015).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Outside of metropolitan areas, HUD designates DDAs at the county

 level, which in many instances follow single census tracts. Given the

 size of many counties and census tracts outside of metropolitan areas,

 these DDAs often would not be as useful as those in metropolitan areas

 for purposes of identifying high opportunity areas and are even less

 useful for counties comprised of multiple census tracts. FHFA

 specifically requests comments on how to define high opportunity areas

 outside of metropolitan areas. Analysts have proposed a number of

 possible definitions that FHFA could utilize, for example, suggesting

 it may be possible to measure higher opportunity census



 [[Page 79213]]



 tracts or block groups based on their rates of poverty, labor force

 participation, minority concentration and/or assisted housing

 concentration.\211\ In choosing a definition, FHFA would have to

 balance the comprehensiveness of a definition with its ease of

 Enterprise implementation, geographic depth, and ability to be updated

 regularly.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \211\ For examples of definitions, see Margery Turner et al.,

 ``Helping Poor Families Gain and Sustain Access to High-Opportunity

 Neighborhoods,'' (Washington: The Urban Institute, 2011), available

 at
http://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/alfresco/publication-pdfs/412455-Helpin
g-Poor-Families-Gain-and-Sustain-Access-to-High-Opportunity-Neighborhoods.PDF;
and Kirk McClure, ``Housing Choice

 Voucher Marketing Opportunity Index: Analysis of Data at the Tract

 and Block Group Level,'' (Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and

 Urban Development, 2011), available at
http://www.huduser.gov/portal/publications/pdf/Housing_Choice_Voucher_Report.pdf
.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     FHFA also wishes to explore whether the Enterprises can support

 state efforts to increase affordable housing in high opportunity areas.

 A number of states define such areas and provide incentives to locate

 housing in these areas in their Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Qualified

 Allocation Plans (QAPs),\212\ but definitions are not uniform, and

 incorporating them into an FHFA definition of ``high opportunity area''

 may introduce operational challenges for the Enterprises.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \212\ States create their plans pursuant to 26 U.S.C.

 42(m)(1)(B).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In Sec.  1282.1, FHFA proposes to define ``area of concentrated

 poverty'' as a census tract designated by HUD as a ``Qualified Census

 Tract'' (QCT) pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 42(d)(5)(B)(ii), which is generally

 a tract in which 50 percent of households have incomes below 60 percent

 of the area median income or that has a poverty rate of 25 percent or

 more.\213\ FHFA proposes to consider activities in these areas that

 facilitate financing of mixed-income housing as addressing residential

 economic diversity.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \213\ HUD designates QCTs on an annual basis. For the 2016 QCTs,

 see 80 FR 73201 (Nov. 24, 2015).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     In Sec.  1282.1, FHFA proposes to define ``mixed-income housing,''

 for purposes of residential economic diversity activities for which

 extra credit may be available, as a multifamily property or development

 that may include or comprise single-family units and serves very low-,

 low-, or moderate-income households where at least 25 percent of the

 units are affordable only to households with incomes above moderate-

 income levels.

     FHFA also recognizes the benefit of Enterprise support for

 financing of affordable housing that contributes to the revitalization

 of areas of concentrated poverty. States are required by the LIHTC

 statute to give preference to projects located in QCTs when their

 development ``contributes to a concerted community revitalization

 plan.'' \214\ FHFA considered providing credit for activities as

 supporting residential economic diversity if they are part of a

 concerted community revitalization plan in a state QAP. However, few

 states define such plans and it may be difficult to implement the

 diverse definitions set out by states.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \214\ 26 U.S.C. 42(m)(1)(B)(ii)(III).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     It may be feasible to utilize other federal definitions or

 designations of areas with comprehensive revitalization plans. For

 example, FHFA could award credit for activities in areas that have

 received Choice Neighborhood Planning or Implementation grants, or in

 neighborhoods designated by HUD or USDA as Promise Zones, which denotes

 that they are undertaking comprehensive community revitalization.\215\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \215\ See
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/comm_planning/economicd
evelopment/programs/pz/overview.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 Requests for Comments



     82. Is FHFA's proposed definition of ``high opportunity area'' the

 most appropriate? Should the rule use DDAs to define high opportunity

 areas outside of metropolitan areas, or is there a better definition,

 such as a factor-based definition, that would be preferable for these

 areas?

     83. How could FHFA incorporate state-defined high opportunity areas

 (or similar terms) into its definition of high opportunity area? If

 such state-defined areas are included, how could this be implemented by

 the Enterprises?

     84. Should FHFA consider other or additional definitions of ``area

 of concentrated poverty?'' For example, should FHFA consider adopting a

 definition similar to HUD's proposed designation of census tracts by

 racial and ethnic concentrations of poverty (RCAPs and ECAPs), which

 are census tracts with a non-white population of 50 percent or more and

 a poverty rate that exceeds 40 percent or is three times the average

 tract poverty rate for the metro/micro area (whichever is lower)? \216\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \216\ This proposed approach is laid out in U.S. Department of

 Housing and Urban Development, ``AFFH Data Documentation Draft''

 (2013), available at
http://www.huduser.gov/portal/publications/pdf/FR-5173-P-01_AFFH_data_documentat
ion.pdf.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     85. Should FHFA consider an alternative definition of ``mixed-

 income?'' For example, should FHFA incorporate minimum thresholds for

 the amount of housing affordable to very low-, low-, or moderate-income

 households in its definition?

     86. How should the extra credit activities be evaluated and weighed

 generally? How should FHFA evaluate and weigh activities related to

 mixed-income housing in areas of concentrated poverty to incentivize a

 good mix of such housing?

     87. How could FHFA determine whether Enterprise activities are part

 of or contribute to revitalization plans in areas of concentrated

 poverty? Are there consistent criteria FHFA could apply to determine

 what constitutes such a plan and whether such a plan is being

 implemented in an area of concentrated poverty? Are existing federal

 designations useful, such as the Promise Zones designation or

 neighborhoods that receive a CNI grant?

     88. Should FHFA incorporate Enterprise efforts supporting CNI as a

 residential economic diversity activity, rather than as a Regulatory

 Activity under the affordable housing preservation market?



 VI. General Requirements for Credit and General Requirements for Loan

 Purchases--Proposed Sec. Sec.  1282.38, 1282.39



     Sections 1282.38 and 1282.39 of the proposed rule would set forth

 general counting requirements for whether and how activities will

 receive credit under the Duty to Serve regulation. With some

 exceptions, the counting rules and other requirements would be similar

 to those in FHFA's housing goals regulation. For example, under

 appropriate circumstances, a single loan purchase could count toward

 the achievement of multiple housing goals, and in the same way, a

 single loan purchase could receive credit under more than one

 underserved market for Duty to Serve purposes. Also, consistent with

 the comments received on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule, in most

 instances, FHFA would measure performance under the loan purchase

 assessment factor by the number of units financed by the loan purchase.



 A. No Credit Under Any Assessment Factor



     Enterprise activities under proposed Sec.  1282.38(b) would not

 receive credit under any assessment factor.

     Under proposed Sec.  1282.38(b)(1), contributions to the Housing

 Trust Fund \217\ and the Capital Magnet Fund,\218\ and mortgage

 purchases funded with such grant amounts, would



 [[Page 79214]]



 not receive credit under the Duty to Serve regulation.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \217\ 12 U.S.C. 4568.

     \218\ 12 U.S.C. 4569.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Under proposed Sec.  1282.38(b)(2), HOEPA mortgages \219\ would not

 receive credit under the Duty to Serve regulation.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \219\ See 15 U.S.C. 1602(bb).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Under proposed Sec.  1282.38(b)(3), mortgages on manufactured homes

 that are not titled as real property under the laws of the state where

 the property is located would not receive credit under the Duty to

 Serve regulation.

     The proposed rule is tailored to the unique features of certain

 specialized activities. As previously discussed, energy efficiency

 improvement loans for existing multifamily rental properties would be

 eligible for Duty to Serve credit where there are reliable and

 verifiable projections or expectations that the financed improvements

 will reduce energy and water consumption by the tenant by at least 15

 percent, the reduced utility costs derived from the reduced consumption

 are not offset by higher rents or other charges imposed by the property

 owner, and the reduced utility costs will offset the upfront costs of

 the improvements within a reasonable time period. Generally,

 subordinate liens on multifamily properties would not receive credit

 under the Duty to Serve regulation. However, because subordinate liens

 for energy efficiency improvements on existing multifamily properties

 address a specific need, under proposed Sec.  1282.38(b)(4), such liens

 would receive credit under the Duty to Serve regulation provided they

 meet all other requirements in the regulation.

     Under Sec.  1282.38(b)(5), subordinate liens on single-family

 properties would not receive credit under the Duty to Serve regulation.

 This exclusion applies to all single-family subordinate loans including

 energy efficiency improvement loans.

     As previously discussed, shared appreciation loans that meet the

 requirements of proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(4) would be eligible for Duty

 to Serve credit. Proprietary shared appreciation loans, where an

 investor receives part of the equity in exchange for making the home

 affordable for a single buyer only, do not preserve affordability of

 the unit for subsequent buyers and, therefore, would not meet the

 requirements of proposed Sec.  1282.34(d)(4). Accordingly, under

 proposed Sec.  1282.38(b)(6), such loans would not receive credit under

 the Duty to Serve regulation.

     Government-insured and government-guaranteed mortgages that are

 otherwise eligible for inclusion would count towards the Duty to Serve,

 in light of the specificity of the needs targeted by the Duty to Serve

 and the desirability of providing the Enterprises with multiple tools

 to address those needs.



 B. No Credit Under Loan Purchase Assessment Factor



     Enterprise activities under proposed Sec.  1282.38(c) would not

 receive credit under the loan purchase assessment factor.



 C. General Requirements for Loan Purchases



     In order to receive credit for loan purchases, a loan must be on

 housing affordable to very low-, low-, or moderate income families,

 regardless of whether the property is owner-occupied or rental.

 Sections 1282.17, 1282.18 and 1282.19 of part 1282 define

 ``affordability'' for owner occupied and rental units. The tables in

 these sections adjust the maximum percentage of area median income

 based on family size and the size of the dwelling unit, as measured by

 the number of bedrooms.

     Under Sec.  1282.39(c) of the proposed rule, Enterprise mortgage

 purchases financing owner-occupied, single-family properties would be

 evaluated based on the income of the mortgagor(s) and the area median

 income at the time the mortgage was originated. Where the income of the

 mortgagor(s) is not available, the mortgage purchase would not receive

 credit under the loan purchase assessment factor.

     Under proposed Sec.  1282.39(d)(1), mortgage purchases financing

 single-family rental units and multifamily rental units would be

 evaluated based on rent and whether the rent is affordable to the

 income groups targeted by the Duty to Serve.

     Under Sec.  1282.39(d)(2), where a multifamily property is subject

 to an affordability restriction that establishes the maximum permitted

 income level for a tenant or a prospective tenant or the maximum

 permitted rent, the affordability of units in the property may be

 determined based on the maximum permitted income level or maximum

 permitted rent established under such housing program for those units.

     Under proposed Sec.  1282.39(e), when an Enterprise lacks

 sufficient information on the rents, the Enterprise's performance

 regarding the rental units may be evaluated using estimated

 affordability information. The estimated affordability information

 would be calculated by multiplying the number of rental units with

 missing affordability information in properties securing the mortgages

 purchased by the Enterprise in each census tract by the percentage of

 all moderate-income rental dwelling units in the respective tracts, as

 determined by FHFA based on the most recent decennial census. The

 housing goals regulation \220\ applies a 5 percent limit on the number

 of rental units with missing data for which an Enterprise may estimate

 affordability of rents. Under the proposed rule, there would not be a

 limit on the number of rental units for which an Enterprise could

 estimate affordability each year.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \220\ 12 CFR 1282.15(e)(3).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Under proposed Sec.  1282.39(f), FHFA would evaluate an

 Enterprise's volume of loans purchased on manufactured housing

 communities using unpaid principal balance instead of the number of

 dwelling units. As previously discussed, due to the lack of data on

 manufactured housing community residents' incomes and monthly housing

 costs, under proposed Sec.  1282.39(f), the affordability of a

 manufactured housing community would be evaluated based on the median

 income of the census tract in which the manufactured housing community

 is located. An Enterprise would receive credit for either the total

 amount or a percentage of the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage

 financing the community.



 VII. Special Requirements for Loan Purchases--Proposed Sec.  1282.40



     Under proposed Sec.  1282.40, activities such as Enterprise

 purchases or guarantees of mortgage revenue bonds and purchases of

 participations in mortgages would be treated as mortgage purchases in

 the same manner as they would be counted under the housing goals

 regulation.



 Requests for Comments



     FHFA specifically requests comments on the following questions

 (please identify the question answered by the number assigned below):

     89. Under the proposed rule, when an Enterprise lacks sufficient

 information to determine whether a rental unit is affordable, the

 Enterprise may estimate affordability for the rental unit using the

 estimation methodology set forth in the proposed rule. Are better

 methods available for estimating affordability when rent information is

 missing?

     90. Unlike the housing goals regulation, the proposed rule would

 not limit the number of units with missing data for which an Enterprise

 could estimate affordability. Should FHFA impose a limit, and if so,

 what limit should be imposed?



 [[Page 79215]]



 VIII. Enforcement of Duty To Serve--Proposed Sec. Sec.  1282.41,

 1282.42



     The Safety and Soundness Act provides that the Duty to Serve

 underserved markets is enforceable to the same extent and under the

 same enforcement provisions as are applicable to the Enterprise housing

 goals, except as otherwise provided.\221\ Accordingly, under Sec.

 1282.41 of the proposed rule, if an Enterprise receives a ``Fails''

 rating for a particular underserved market in a given year, or if there

 is a substantial probability that an Enterprise will receive a

 ``Fails'' rating for a particular underserved market in a given year,

 FHFA would determine whether the activities in the Enterprise's

 Underserved Markets Plan are or were feasible. In determining

 feasibility, FHFA would consider factors such as market conditions and

 the financial condition of the Enterprise. If FHFA determines that

 compliance is or was feasible, FHFA would follow the procedures in 12

 U.S.C. 4566(b).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \221\ 12 U.S.C. 4566(a)(4).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     Section 1282.42 of the proposed rule includes requirements for an

 Enterprise to submit to FHFA a housing plan, in the Director's

 discretion, if the Director determines that the Enterprise did not

 comply with its Duty to Serve a particular underserved market.



 IX. Enterprise Duty To Serve Reporting to FHFA--Proposed Sec.  1282.66



     Section 1282.66 of the proposed rule would require each Enterprise

 to provide to FHFA two quarterly reports, one semi-annual report, and

 an annual report on its performance and progress toward meeting its

 Duty to Serve each undeserved market.

     Under the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule, each Enterprise would

 have been required to provide three quarterly reports and one annual

 report to FHFA on its Duty to Serve performance and progress,

 consistent with the reporting requirements for the Enterprise housing

 goals. One Enterprise commented that because reporting on progress

 toward meeting the Duty to Serve underserved markets will take more

 time than reporting on the housing goals and will require input from

 business units throughout the Enterprise, reporting should be limited

 to annual submissions and the proposed quarterly reporting requirements

 should be eliminated. The other Enterprise commented that semi-annual

 reporting on Duty to Serve progress would be appropriate. The

 Enterprise added that, coupled with the existing quarterly reporting

 under the housing goals, quarterly reporting under the Duty to Serve

 would pose significant additional burdens on the Enterprise and its

 resources.

     In consideration of these comments, the proposed rule would require

 each Enterprise to provide to FHFA two quarterly reports, one semi-

 annual report, and an annual report. To lessen operational concerns,

 FHFA would require the quarterly reports to address only performance

 under the loan purchase assessment factor for each underserved market.

 The Enterprises already have experience providing similar reports for

 their performance under the housing goals.

     The proposed rule would require an Enterprise to report on its Duty

 to Serve performance for each underserved market in its semi-annual and

 annual reports. These two reports would be required to contain both

 narrative and summary statistical information for the Plan Objectives,

 supported by appropriate transaction-level data. In addition, an

 Enterprise's annual report would be required to describe the

 Enterprise's market opportunities for purchasing loans in each

 underserved market during the evaluation year, to the extent data is

 available. These opportunities could include market or regulatory

 factors that may affect lenders' decisions to retain loans in portfolio

 or sell them, the availability and pricing of credit enhancements from

 third parties, and competition from other secondary market

 participants.

     In their comments on the 2010 Duty to Serve proposed rule, both

 Enterprises requested that the due date for submission of their annual

 Duty to Serve report to FHFA be at least 30 days later than the due

 date for submission of their Annual Housing Activities Report for the

 housing goals to FHFA. One Enterprise commented that the 60-day

 deadline proposed for year-end reporting on Duty to Serve performance

 would impact its operations and end-of-year transactions, because the

 timeline for completing transactions and collecting data would not only

 be compressed, but would occur at the same time that housing goals

 reporting and financial reporting are taking place. The other

 Enterprise commented that a staggered schedule would allow the

 Enterprise to strengthen the controls and processes that govern both

 regulatory submissions and efficiently allocate resources between them.

     In recognition of these operational concerns, the proposed rule

 would set the due date for the annual Duty to Serve report as the date

 75 days after the end of the calendar year. Because it is important

 that FHFA monitor the Enterprises' Duty to Serve progress on a timely

 basis, the proposed rule would provide that the quarterly and semi-

 annual reports would be due within 60 days of the end of the respective

 quarter.



 X. Paperwork Reduction Act



     The proposed rule would not contain any information collection

 requirement that would require the approval of OMB under the Paperwork

 Reduction Act (44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). Therefore, FHFA has not

 submitted any information to OMB for review.



 XI. Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) requires that

 a regulation that has a significant economic impact on a substantial

 number of small entities, small businesses, or small organizations must

 include an initial regulatory flexibility analysis describing the

 regulation's impact on small entities. Such an analysis need not be

 undertaken if the agency has certified that the regulation will not

 have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small

 entities. (5 U.S.C. 605(b)). FHFA has considered the impact of the

 proposed rule under the Regulatory Flexibility Act. The General Counsel

 of FHFA certifies that the proposed rule, if adopted as a final rule,

 is not likely to have a significant economic impact on a substantial

 number of small entities because the regulation applies to the

 Enterprises, which are not small entities for purposes of the

 Regulatory Flexibility Act.



 List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 1282



     Mortgages, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.



 Authority and Issuance



     For the reasons stated in the preamble, under the authority of 12

 U.S.C. 4501, 4502, 4511, 4513, 4526, and 4561-4566, FHFA proposes to

 amend part 1282 of subchapter E of 12 CFR chapter XII, as follows:



 PART 1282--ENTERPRISE HOUSING GOALS AND MISSION



 0

 1. The authority citation for part 1282 continues to read as follows:



     Authority:  12 U.S.C. 4501, 4502, 4511, 4513, 4526, 4561-4566.



 0

 2. In Sec.  1282.1(b), add the definitions of ``Area of concentrated

 poverty'', ``Colonia'', ``Community development financial

 institution'', ``Community financial institution'', ``Federally insured

 credit union'', ``Federally recognized Indian tribe'', ``High-needs

 rural population'', ``High-needs rural



 [[Page 79216]]



 region'', ``High opportunity area'', ``Indian area'', ``Manufactured

 home'', ``Manufactured housing community'', ``Migrant agricultural

 workers'', ``Mixed-income housing'', ``Residential economic diversity

 activity'', ``Resident-owned manufactured housing community'', ``Rural

 area'', and ``Seasonal agricultural workers'' in alphabetical order to

 read as follows:





 Sec.  1282.1  Definitions.



 * * * * *

     (b) * * *

     Area of concentrated poverty, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, means a census tract designated by HUD as a Qualified Census

 Tract pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 42(d)(5)(B)(ii).

 * * * * *

     Colonia, for purposes of subpart C of this part, means any

 identifiable community that--

     (i) Is designated by the State or county in which it is located as

 a colonia;

     (ii) Is located in the State of Arizona, California, New Mexico, or

 Texas; and

     (iii) Is located in a U.S. census tract with some portion of the

 tract within 150 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border.

     Community development financial institution, for purposes of

 subpart C of this part, has the meaning in 12 CFR 1263.1.

     Community financial institution, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, has the meaning in 12 CFR 1263.1.

 * * * * *

     Federally insured credit union, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, has the meaning in 12 U.S.C. 1752(7).

     Federally recognized Indian tribe, for purposes of subpart C of

 this part, has the meaning in 25 CFR 83.1.

 * * * * *

     High-needs rural population, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, means any of the following populations provided the population is

 located in a rural area:

     (i) Members of a Federally recognized Indian tribe located in an

 Indian area; or

     (ii) Migrant and seasonal agricultural workers.

     High-needs rural region, for purposes of subpart C of this part,

 means any of the following regions provided the region is located in a

 rural area:

     (i) Middle Appalachia;

     (ii) The Lower Mississippi Delta; or

     (iii) A colonia.

     High opportunity area, for purposes of subpart C of this part,

 means an area designated by HUD as a ``Difficult Development Area''

 pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 42(d)(5)(B)(iii).

 * * * * *

     Indian area, for purposes of subpart C of this part, has the

 meaning in 24 CFR 1000.10.

 * * * * *

     Manufactured home, for purposes of subpart C of this part, means a

 manufactured home as defined in section 603(6) of the National

 Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974, as

 amended, 42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq., and implementing regulations.

     Manufactured housing community, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, means a tract of land under unified ownership and developed for

 the purposes of providing individual rental spaces for the placement of

 manufactured homes for residential purposes within its boundaries.

     Migrant agricultural workers, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, has the meaning in 29 CFR 500.20(p).

     Mixed-income housing, for purposes of subpart C of this part, means

 a multifamily property or development that may include or comprise

 single-family units that serves very low-, low-, or moderate-income

 households where at least 25 percent of the units are affordable only

 to households with incomes above moderate-income levels.

 * * * * *

     Residential economic diversity activity, for purposes of subpart C

 of this part, means an Enterprise activity in connection with mortgages

 on:

     (i) Affordable housing in a high opportunity area; or

     (ii) Mixed-income housing in an area of concentrated poverty.

 * * * * *

     Resident-owned manufactured housing community, for purposes of

 subpart C of this part, means a manufactured housing community for

 which the terms and conditions of residency, policies, operations and

 management are controlled by at least 50 percent of the residents,

 either directly or through an entity formed under the laws of the

 state.

     Rural area, for purposes of subpart C of this part, means:

     (i) A census tract outside of a metropolitan statistical area as

 designated by the Office of Management and Budget; or

     (ii) A census tract in a metropolitan statistical area as

 designated by the Office of Management and Budget that is outside of

 the metropolitan statistical area's Urbanized Areas and Urban Clusters,

 as designated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural-Urban

 Commuting Area codes.

     Seasonal agricultural workers, for purposes of subpart C of this

 part, has the meaning in 29 CFR 500.20(r).

 * * * * *

 0

 3. Add subpart C to read as follows:



 Subpart C--Duty To Serve Underserved Markets



 Sec.

 1282.31 General.

 1282.32 Underserved Markets Plan.

 1282.33 Manufactured housing market.

 1282.34 Affordable housing preservation market.

 1282.35 Rural markets.

 1282.36 Evaluations and assigned ratings.

 1282.37 Extra credit for qualifying residential economic diversity

 activities.

 1282.38 General requirements for credit.

 1282.39 General requirements for loan purchases.

 1282.40 Special requirements for loan purchases.

 1282.41 Failure to comply.

 1282.42 Housing plans.





 Sec.  1282.31  General.



     (a) This subpart sets forth the Enterprise duty to serve three

 underserved markets as required by section 1335 of the Safety and

 Soundness Act, 12 U.S.C. 4565. This subpart also establishes standards

 and procedures for annually evaluating and rating Enterprise compliance

 with the duty to serve underserved markets.

     (b) Nothing in this subpart permits or requires an Enterprise to

 engage in any activity that would be otherwise inconsistent with its

 Charter Act or the Safety and Soundness Act.





 Sec.  1282.32  Underserved Markets Plan.



     (a) General. Each Enterprise must submit to FHFA an Underserved

 Markets Plan describing the activities and objectives that it will

 undertake to meet its duty to serve each underserved market.

     (b) Term of Plan. The Plan must cover a period of three years

 except for the Enterprise's first Plan which shall have the term as

 provided for in paragraph (d)(1) of this section.

     (c) Plan content--(1) Activities. The Plan must address how the

 Enterprise will undertake each statutory and regulatory activity

 associated with each underserved market, as provided in Sec. Sec.

 1282.33, 1282.34 and 1282.35, or identify reasons for not undertaking

 the statutory or regulatory activity. Any residential economic

 diversity activities and objectives that the Enterprise will undertake

 for extra credit under Sec.  1282.37 must also be described in the

 Plan. Plans may also include additional eligible activities that serve

 an underserved market. Activities may cover a single year or multiple

 years.



 [[Page 79217]]



     (2) Objectives. Plan activities must be comprised of objectives,

 which may cover a single year or multiple years. Objectives must meet

 all of the following requirements:

     (i) Strategic. Directly or indirectly maintain or increase

 liquidity to an underserved market;

     (ii) Measurable. Provide measureable benchmarks, which may include

 numerical targets, that enable FHFA to determine whether the Enterprise

 has achieved the objective;

     (iii) Realistic. Be calibrated so that the Enterprise has a

 reasonable chance of meeting the objective with appropriate effort;

     (iv) Time-bound. Be subject to a specific timeframe for completion

 by being tied to Plan calendar year evaluation periods; and

     (v) Tied to analysis of market opportunities. Be based on

 assessments and analyses of market opportunities in each underserved

 market, taking into account safety and soundness considerations.

     (3) Assessment Factors. Each Plan objective must meet one of the

 assessment factors set forth in Sec.  1282.36(b).

     (d) Plan Procedures--(1) Submission of proposed Plans. Each

 Enterprise must submit a proposed Plan to FHFA at least 180 days before

 the termination date of the Enterprise's existing Plan, except that the

 Enterprise's first proposed Plan must be submitted to FHFA pursuant to

 the timeframe and procedures established by FHFA after the effective

 date of this part.

     (2) Posting of proposed Plans and public input. As soon as

 practical after an Enterprise submits its proposed Plan to FHFA for

 review, FHFA will post on FHFA's Web site a public version of the

 proposed Plan that omits proprietary and confidential data and

 information. The public will have 45 calendar days from the date the

 proposed Plan is posted on FHFA's Web site to provide input to FHFA on

 the proposed Plan.

     (3) Enterprise review. In its discretion, each Enterprise may make

 revisions to its proposed Plan based on the public input.

     (4) FHFA review. FHFA will review each Enterprise's proposed Plan

 and within 60 days of the end of the public input period, will inform

 each Enterprise of any FHFA comments on the Enterprise's proposed Plan.

 The Enterprise must address those comments, as appropriate, through

 revisions to its proposed Plan pursuant to timeframes and procedures

 established by FHFA.

     (5) Non-objection to Plans. After FHFA is satisfied that all of its

 comments have been addressed, FHFA will issue a non-objection to the

 Plan.

     (e) Effective date of Plans. The effective date of the final Plan

 will be January 1st of the first evaluation year for which the Plan is

 applicable, except for the Enterprise's first Plan whose term and

 effective date will be determined by FHFA.

     (f) Posting of final Plans. Each Enterprise's final Plan will be

 posted on the respective Enterprise's Web site and on FHFA's Web site.

 Confidential and proprietary data and information will be omitted from

 the posted final Plans.

     (g) Modification of final Plans. At any time after implementation

 of a final Plan, an Enterprise may request to modify its final Plan,

 subject to FHFA non-objection, or FHFA may require an Enterprise to

 modify its final Plan. FHFA and the Enterprise may seek public input on

 any proposed modifications if FHFA determines that public input would

 assist its consideration of the proposed modifications. If a final Plan

 is modified, the modified Plan with confidential and proprietary

 information omitted will be posted on the Enterprise's and FHFA's Web

 sites.





 Sec.  1282.33  Manufactured housing market.



     (a) Duty in general. Each Enterprise must develop loan products and

 flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market for

 eligible mortgages on manufactured homes for very low-, low-, and

 moderate-income families. Enterprise activities under this section must

 serve each such income group in the year for which the Enterprise is

 evaluated and rated.

     (b) Eligible activities. Enterprise activities eligible to be

 included in an Underserved Markets Plan for the manufactured housing

 market are activities that facilitate a secondary market for mortgages

 on residential properties for very low-, low-, or moderate-income

 families consisting of:

     (1) Manufactured homes titled as real property; and

     (2) Manufactured housing communities.

     (c) Regulatory activities. Enterprise activities related to the

 following will receive credit under the manufactured housing market:

     (1) Mortgages on manufactured homes titled as real property under

 the laws of the state where the home is located; and

     (2) Mortgages on manufactured housing communities provided that:

     (i) The community has 150 pads or less;

     (ii) The community is owned by a governmental unit or

 instrumentality, owned by a nonprofit, or resident-owned; or

     (iii) The community's pad leases have the following pad lease

 protections at a minimum:

     (A) Minimum one-year renewable lease term unless there is good

 cause for nonrenewal;

     (B) Minimum thirty-day written notice of rent increases;

     (C) Minimum five-day grace period for rent payments, and right to

 cure defaults on rent payments;

     (D) If a tenant defaults on rent payments, the tenant has the right

 to: Sell the manufactured home without having to first relocate it out

 of the community; sublease or assign the pad lease for the unexpired

 term to the new buyer of the tenant's manufactured home without any

 unreasonable restraint; post ``For Sale'' signs; and have a reasonable

 time period after eviction to sell the manufactured home;

     (E) Right for tenants to receive at least 120 days advance notice

 of a planned sale or closure of the community, within which time the

 tenants, or an organization acting on behalf of a group of tenants, may

 match any bona fide offer for sale. The community owner shall consider

 the tenants' offer and negotiate with them in good faith.

     (d) Additional activities. An Enterprise may include in its

 Underserved Markets Plan other activities to serve very low-, low-, or

 moderate-income families in the manufactured housing market consistent

 with paragraph (b) of this section, subject to FHFA determination of

 whether such activity is eligible to receive credit.





 Sec.  1282.34  Affordable housing preservation market.



     (a) Duty in general. Each Enterprise must develop loan products and

 flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market to

 preserve housing affordable to very low-, low-, and moderate-income

 families under eligible housing programs or activities. Enterprise

 activities under this section must serve each such income group in the

 year for which the Enterprise is evaluated and rated.

     (b) Eligible activities. Enterprise activities eligible to be

 included in an Underserved Markets Plan for the affordable housing

 preservation market are activities that facilitate a secondary market

 for mortgages on residential properties for very low-, low-, or

 moderate-income families consisting of affordable rental housing

 preservation and affordable homeownership preservation.



 [[Page 79218]]



     (c) Statutory activities. Enterprise activities related to housing

 projects under the following programs will receive credit under the

 affordable housing preservation market:

     (1) The project-based and tenant-based rental assistance housing

 programs under section 8 of the U.S. Housing Act of 1937, 42 U.S.C.

 1437f;

     (2) The rental and cooperative housing program for lower income

 families under section 236 of the National Housing Act, 12 U.S.C.

 1715z-1;

     (3) The housing program for moderate-income and displaced families

 under section 221(d)(4) of the National Housing Act, 12 U.S.C. 1715l;

     (4) The supportive housing program for the elderly under section

 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, 12 U.S.C. 1701q;

     (5) The supportive housing program for persons with disabilities

 under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing

 Act, 42 U.S.C. 8013;

     (6) Permanent supportive housing projects subsidized under Title IV

 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 11361, et

 seq.;

     (7) The rural rental housing program under section 515 of the

 Housing Act of 1949, 42 U.S.C. 1485;

     (8) Low-income housing tax credits under section 42 of the Internal

 Revenue Code of 1986, 26 U.S.C. 42; and

     (9) Other comparable affordable housing programs administered by a

 state or local government that preserve housing affordable to very low-

 , low-, and moderate-income families. An Enterprise may include in its

 Underserved Markets Plan programs pursuant to this paragraph (c)(9),

 subject to FHFA determination of whether such programs are eligible to

 receive credit.

     (d) Regulatory activities. Enterprise activities related to the

 following will receive credit under the affordable housing preservation

 market:

     (1) Purchasing and securitizing loan pools from a community

 development financial institution, community financial institution, or

 federally insured credit union whose total assets are within the asset

 cap set forth in the definition of ``community financial institution''

 in Sec.  1282.1, where the loan pools are backed by existing small

 multifamily rental properties consisting of five to not more than fifty

 units;

     (2) Energy efficiency improvements on existing multifamily rental

 properties provided there are verifiable, reliable projections or

 expectations that the improvements financed by the loan will reduce

 energy and water consumption by the tenant by at least 15 percent, the

 reduced utility costs derived from the reduced consumption must not be

 offset by higher rents or other charges imposed by the property owner,

 and the reduced utility costs will offset the upfront costs of the

 improvements within a reasonable time period;

     (3) Energy efficiency improvements on existing single-family,

 first-lien properties, provided that there are verifiable, reliable

 projections or expectations that the improvements financed by the loan

 will reduce energy and water consumption by the homeowner or tenant by

 at least 15 percent, the reduced utility costs derived from the reduced

 consumption will offset the upfront costs of the improvements within a

 reasonable time period, and in the case of a single-family rental

 property, the reduced utility costs must not be offset by higher rents

 or other charges imposed by the property owner;

     (4) Affordable homeownership preservation through shared equity

 homeownership programs. Shared equity programs include programs

 administered by community land trusts, other nonprofit organizations,

 or State or local governments or instrumentalities that:

     (i) Ensure affordability for at least 30 years or as long as

 permitted under state law through a ground lease, deed restriction,

 subordinate loan or similar legal mechanism that makes residential real

 property affordable to very low-, low-, or moderate-income families.

 The legal instrument ensuring affordability must also stipulate a

 preemptive option to purchase the homeownership unit from the homeowner

 at resale to preserve the affordability of the unit for successive very

 low-, low-, or moderate-income families;

     (ii) Monitor the homeownership unit to ensure affordability is

 preserved over resales; and

     (iii) Support the homeowners to promote successful homeownership

 for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families;

     (5) Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, as authorized by 42 U.S.C.

 1437v; and

     (6) HUD's Rental Assistance Demonstration program, as authorized by

 42 U.S.C.1437f note.

     (e) Additional activities. An Enterprise may include in its

 Underserved Markets Plan other activities to serve very low-, low-, or

 moderate-income families in the affordable housing preservation market

 consistent with paragraph (b) of this section, subject to FHFA

 determination of whether such activities are eligible to receive

 credit.





 Sec.  1282.35  Rural markets.



     (a) Duty in general. Each Enterprise must develop loan products and

 flexible underwriting guidelines to facilitate a secondary market for

 eligible mortgages on housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-income

 families in rural areas. Enterprise activities under this section must

 serve each such income group in the year for which the Enterprise is

 evaluated and rated.

     (b) Eligible activities. Enterprise activities eligible to be

 included in an Underserved Markets Plan for the rural market are

 activities that facilitate a secondary market for mortgages on

 residential properties for very low-, low-, or moderate-income families

 in rural areas.

     (c) Regulatory activities. Enterprise activities serving high-needs

 rural regions or high-needs rural populations will receive credit under

 the rural market.

     (d) Additional activities. An Enterprise may include in its

 Underserved Markets Plan other activities to serve very low-, low-, or

 moderate-income families in rural areas consistent with paragraph (b)

 of this section, subject to FHFA determination of whether such

 activities are eligible to receive credit.





 Sec.  1282.36  Evaluations and assigned ratings.



     (a) Evaluation of compliance. In determining whether an Enterprise

 has complied with the duty to serve each underserved market, FHFA will

 annually evaluate and rate the Enterprise's duty to serve performance

 based on the Enterprise's implementation of its Underserved Markets

 Plan during the relevant evaluation year. FHFA's evaluation will be in

 accordance with evaluation criteria set forth in a separate, FHFA-

 prepared evaluation guide.

     (b) Assessment factors. (1) FHFA's evaluation of each Enterprise's

 performance will take into consideration four assessment factors, as

 provided in paragraphs (b)(2) through (5) of this section.

     (2) Outreach assessment factor. FHFA will evaluate the Enterprise

 on the extent of its outreach to qualified loan sellers and other

 market participants in each underserved market.

     (3) Loan product assessment factor. FHFA will evaluate the

 Enterprise on its development of loan products, more flexible

 underwriting guidelines and other innovative approaches to providing

 financing in each underserved market.

     (4) Loan purchase assessment factor. FHFA will evaluate the

 Enterprise on



 [[Page 79219]]



 the volume of loans it purchases in each underserved market relative to

 the market opportunities available to the Enterprise.

     (5) Investments and grants assessment factor. FHFA will evaluate

 the Enterprise on the amount of its investments and grants in projects

 that assist in meeting the needs of each underserved market.

     (c) Evaluation guide--(1) Annual evaluation guides. FHFA will

 prepare a separate evaluation guide for each Enterprise for each

 evaluation year. FHFA will develop the evaluation guide using the

 contents of the Enterprise's Plan and the assessment factors provided

 in paragraph (b) of this section. The evaluation guide will allocate a

 maximum number of potential scoring points to each Plan activity that

 an Enterprise will pursue during the evaluation year covered by the

 evaluation guide. Each evaluation guide will allocate a total of 100

 potential scoring points to all of the Plan activities grouped under a

 particular underserved market.

     (2) Determination of overall composite scores for each underserved

 market. At the end of the evaluation year covered by the evaluation

 guide, FHFA will award a score to each Plan activity covered by the

 evaluation guide. The score for each Plan activity will be based on

 FHFA's assessment of how well the Enterprise performed the Plan

 activity and associated objectives during the evaluation year. FHFA

 will also award any extra credit it determines is appropriate for

 qualifying residential economic diversity activities as provided for in

 Sec.  1282.37. The score cannot exceed the maximum number of potential

 scoring points allocated to the Plan activity in the evaluation guide.

 After FHFA has awarded a score to each Plan activity, FHFA will sum the

 scoring points for all of the Plan activities that are grouped under

 each underserved market. The sum of those scores will produce an

 overall composite score ranging from zero to 100 for each underserved

 market.

     (3) Determination of overall rating and compliance. The evaluation

 guide will contain a table that allocates overall composite score

 numerical ranges to each of the following four overall ratings:

 ``Exceeds,'' ``High Satisfactory,'' ``Low Satisfactory,'' and

 ``Fails.'' An Enterprise's overall rating for each underserved market

 will be determined by the numerical range within which the Enterprise's

 overall composite score falls. A rating of ``Exceeds,'' ``High

 Satisfactory'' or ``Low Satisfactory'' will constitute compliance with

 the duty to serve the underserved market. A rating of ``Fails'' will

 constitute noncompliance with the duty to serve the underserved market.

     (4) Delivery of evaluation guide. FHFA will provide the evaluation

 guide to the Enterprise at least 30 days before January 1st of the

 evaluation year for which the guide is applicable, except that the

 evaluation guide for the first evaluation year after the effective date

 of this part will be provided to the Enterprise on a date to be

 determined by FHFA.

     (5) Posting of evaluation guide. The evaluation guide will be

 posted on the respective Enterprise's Web site and on FHFA's Web site.





 Sec.  1282.37  Extra credit for qualifying residential economic

 diversity activities.



     (a) Where an Enterprise includes a qualifying activity to promote

 residential economic diversity in its Underserved Markets Plan, FHFA

 will evaluate the extent to which the activity promotes residential

 economic diversity in an underserved market in connection with

 mortgages on: Affordable housing in a high opportunity area; or mixed-

 income housing in an area of concentrated poverty. This criterion will

 be considered in connection with activities for which extra credit may

 be given, but the activities associated with this criterion are not

 mandatory. To qualify for extra credit, an activity first must be an

 eligible activity that contributes to an Enterprise's duty to serve an

 underserved market. Eligible activities in each of the underserved

 markets may qualify for extra credit for residential economic diversity

 except for manufactured housing communities activities, energy

 efficiency improvement activities, and any additional activities

 determined by FHFA to be ineligible.

     (b) FHFA's evaluation of residential economic diversity activities

 under this section will occur as part of its review under Sec.

 1282.36.





 Sec.  1282.38  General requirements for credit.



     (a) General. FHFA will determine whether an activity will receive

 credit under the duty to serve underserved markets. In this

 determination, FHFA will consider whether the activity facilitates a

 secondary market for financing mortgages: on manufactured homes for

 very low-, low-, and moderate-income families; to preserve housing

 affordable to very low-, low-, and moderate-income families; and on

 housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-income families in rural

 areas. If FHFA determines that an activity will receive credit or extra

 credit under the duty to serve underserved markets, the activity will

 receive such credit under the relevant assessment factor for each

 underserved market it serves.

     (b) No credit under any assessment factor. Enterprise activities

 related to the following will not receive credit under the duty to

 serve underserved markets under any assessment factor, even if the

 activity otherwise would receive credit under any other section of this

 subpart:

     (1) Contributions to the Housing Trust Fund (12 U.S.C. 4568) and

 the Capital Magnet Fund (12 U.S.C. 4569), and mortgage purchases funded

 with such grant amounts;

     (2) HOEPA mortgages;

     (3) Mortgages on manufactured homes not titled as real property

 under the laws of the state where the property is located;

     (4) Subordinate liens on multifamily properties, except for

 subordinate liens originated for energy efficiency improvements on

 existing multifamily rental properties that meet the requirements in

 Sec.  1282.34(d)(2);

     (5) Subordinate liens on single-family properties;

     (6) Shared appreciation loans that do not satisfy all of the

 requirements in Sec.  1282.34(d)(4) of this part; and

     (7) Any combination of factors in paragraphs (b)(1) through (b)(6)

 of this section.

     (c) No credit under loan purchase assessment factor. The following

 activities will not receive credit under the loan purchase assessment

 factor, even if the activity otherwise would receive credit under Sec.

 1282.40:

     (1) Purchases of mortgages to the extent they finance any dwelling

 units that are secondary residences;

     (2) Single-family refinancing mortgages that result from conversion

 of balloon notes to fully amortizing notes, if the Enterprise already

 owns or has an interest in the balloon note at the time conversion

 occurs;

     (3) Purchases of mortgages or interests in mortgages that

 previously received credit under any underserved market within the five

 years immediately preceding the current performance year;

     (4) Purchases of mortgages where the property or any units within

 the property have not been approved for occupancy;

     (5) Any interests in mortgages that the Director determines, in

 writing, will not be treated as interests in mortgages;

     (6) Purchases of State and local government housing bonds except as

 provided in Sec.  1282.40(h); and

     (7) Any combination of factors in paragraphs (c)(1) through (6) of

 this section.

     (d) FHFA review of activities. FHFA may determine whether and how

 any



 [[Page 79220]]



 activity will receive credit under the duty to serve underserved

 markets, including treatment of missing data. FHFA will notify each

 Enterprise in writing of any determination regarding the treatment of

 any activity.

     (e) The year in which an activity will receive credit. An activity

 will receive credit under the duty to serve underserved markets in the

 year in which the activity is completed. FHFA may determine that

 partial credit is appropriate for an activity that begins in a

 particular year but is not completed until a subsequent year, except

 that activities under the loan purchase assessment factor will receive

 credit in the year in which the Enterprise purchased the mortgage.

     (f) Credit under one assessment factor. An activity or objective

 will receive credit only under one assessment factor in a particular

 underserved market.

     (g) Credit under multiple underserved markets. An activity,

 including dwelling units financed by an Enterprise's mortgage purchase,

 will receive credit for each underserved market for which such activity

 qualifies in that year.





 Sec.  1282.39  General requirements for loan purchases.



     (a) General. This section applies to Enterprise mortgage purchases

 that may receive credit under the loan purchase assessment factor for a

 particular underserved market. Only dwelling units securing a mortgage

 purchased by the Enterprise in that year and not specifically excluded

 under Sec.  1282.38(b) and (c), may receive credit.

     (b) Counting dwelling units. Except as provided in paragraph (f) of

 this section, performance under the loan purchase assessment factor

 will be measured by counting dwelling units affordable to very low-,

 low-, and moderate-income families.

     (c) Credit for owner-occupied units. (1) Mortgage purchases

 financing owner-occupied single-family properties will be evaluated

 based on the income of the mortgagor(s) and the area median income at

 the time the mortgage was originated. To determine whether mortgages

 may receive credit under a particular family income level, i.e., very

 low-, low-, or moderate-income, the income of the mortgagor(s) is

 compared to the median income for the area at the time the mortgage was

 originated, using the appropriate percentage factor provided under

 Sec.  1282.17.

     (2) Mortgage purchases financing owner-occupied single-family

 properties for which the income of the mortgagor(s) is not available

 will not receive credit under the loan purchase assessment factor.

     (d) Credit for rental units--(1) Use of rent. Except as provided in

 paragraph (g) of this section, mortgage purchases financing single-

 family rental units and multifamily rental units will be evaluated

 based on rent and whether the rent is affordable to the income groups

 targeted by the duty to serve. A rent is affordable if the rent does

 not exceed the maximum levels as provided in Sec.  1282.19.

     (2) Affordability of rents based on housing program requirements.

 Where a multifamily property is subject to an affordability restriction

 under a housing program that establishes the maximum permitted income

 level for a tenant or a prospective tenant or the maximum permitted

 rent, the affordability of units in the property may be determined

 based on the maximum permitted income level or maximum permitted rent

 established under such housing program for those units. If using

 income, the maximum income level must be no greater than the maximum

 income level for each income group targeted by the duty to serve,

 adjusted for family or unit size as provided in Sec.  1282.17 or Sec.

 1282.18, as appropriate. If using rent, the maximum rent level must be

 no greater than the maximum rent level for each income group targeted

 by the duty to serve, adjusted for unit size as provided in Sec.

 1282.19.

     (3) Unoccupied units. Anticipated rent for unoccupied units may be

 the market rent for similar units in the neighborhood as determined by

 the lender or appraiser for underwriting purposes. A unit in a

 multifamily property that is unoccupied because it is being used as a

 model unit or rental office may receive credit only if the Enterprise

 determines that the number of such units is reasonable and minimal

 considering the size of the multifamily property.

     (4) Timeliness of information. In evaluating affordability for

 single-family rental properties, an Enterprise must use tenant income

 and area median income available at the time the mortgage was

 originated. For multifamily rental properties, the Enterprise must use

 tenant income and area median income available at the time the mortgage

 was acquired.

     (e) Missing data or information for rental units. (1) When

 calculating unit affordability, rental units for which bedroom data are

 missing will be considered efficiencies.

     (2) When an Enterprise lacks sufficient information to determine

 whether a rental unit in a single-family or multifamily property

 securing a mortgage purchased by the Enterprise receives credit under

 the loan purchase assessment factor because rental data are not

 available, the Enterprise's performance with respect to such unit may

 be evaluated using estimated affordability information. The estimated

 affordability information is calculated by multiplying the number of

 rental units with missing affordability information in properties

 securing the mortgages purchased by the Enterprise in each census tract

 by the percentage of all moderate-income rental dwelling units in the

 respective tracts, as determined by FHFA based on the most recent

 decennial census.

     (f) Credit for manufactured housing communities. Performance under

 the loan purchase assessment factor for manufactured housing

 communities will be measured based on the unpaid principal balance of

 the mortgage at the time of acquisition.

     (g) Determining affordability for manufactured housing communities.

 Affordability for a manufactured housing community will be evaluated

 based on the median income of the census tract in which the

 manufactured housing community is located as provided below.

     (1) If the median income of the census tract in which the

 manufactured housing community is located is less than or equal to area

 median income, the Enterprise will receive credit for the full unpaid

 principal balance of the loan.

     (2) If the median income of the census tract in which the

 manufactured housing community is located exceeds the area median

 income, the Enterprise will receive partial credit for the loan

 purchase. The percentage of the unpaid principal balance of the loan

 that will receive credit will be determined by dividing the area median

 income by the median income of the census tract and multiplying the

 quotient by the unpaid principal balance of the loan.

     (h) Application of median income. (1) To determine an area's median

 income under Sec. Sec.  1282.17 through 1282.19 and the definitions in

 Sec.  1282.1, the area is:

     (i) The metropolitan area, if the property which is the subject of

 the mortgage is in a metropolitan area; and

     (ii) In all other areas, the county in which the property is

 located, except that where the State non-metropolitan median income is

 higher than the county's median income, the area is the State non-

 metropolitan area.

     (2) When an Enterprise cannot precisely determine whether a

 mortgage is on dwelling unit(s) located in one area, the Enterprise

 must determine the median income for the split area in the



 [[Page 79221]]



 manner prescribed by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination

 Council for reporting under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (12 U.S.C.

 2801 et seq.), if the Enterprise can determine that the mortgage is on

 dwelling unit(s) located in:

     (i) A census tract; or

     (ii) A census place code.

     (i) Newly available data. When an Enterprise uses data to determine

 whether a dwelling unit receives credit under the loan purchase

 assessment factor and new data is released after the start of a

 calendar quarter, the Enterprise need not use the new data until the

 start of the following quarter.





 Sec.  1282.40  Special requirements for loan purchases.



     (a) General. Subject to FHFA's determination of whether an activity

 will receive credit under a particular underserved market, the

 activities identified in this section will be treated as mortgage

 purchases as described and receive credit under the loan purchase

 assessment factor. An activity that is covered by more than one

 paragraph below must satisfy the requirements of each such paragraph.

     (b) Credit enhancements. (1) Dwelling units financed under a credit

 enhancement entered into by an Enterprise will be treated as mortgage

 purchases only when:

     (i) The Enterprise provides a specific contractual obligation to

 ensure timely payment of amounts due under a mortgage or mortgages

 financed by the issuance of housing bonds (such bonds may be issued by

 any entity, including a State or local housing finance agency); and

     (ii) The Enterprise assumes a credit risk in the transaction

 substantially equivalent to the risk that would have been assumed by

 the Enterprise if it had securitized the mortgages financed by such

 bonds.

     (2) When an Enterprise provides a specific contractual obligation

 to ensure timely payment of amounts due under any mortgage originally

 insured by a public purpose mortgage insurance entity or fund, the

 Enterprise may, on a case-by-case basis, seek approval from the

 Director for such transactions to receive credit under the loan

 purchase assessment factor for a particular underserved market.

     (c) Risk-sharing. Mortgages purchased under risk-sharing

 arrangements between an Enterprise and any federal agency under which

 the Enterprise is responsible for a substantial amount of the risk will

 be treated as mortgage purchases.

     (d) Participations. Participations purchased by an Enterprise will

 be treated as mortgage purchases only when the Enterprise's

 participation in the mortgage is 50 percent or more.

     (e) Cooperative housing and condominiums. (1) The purchase of a

 mortgage on a cooperative housing unit (``a share loan'') or a mortgage

 on a condominium unit will be treated as a mortgage purchase. Such a

 purchase will receive credit in the same manner as a mortgage purchase

 of single-family owner-occupied units, i.e., affordability is based on

 the income of the mortgagor(s).

     (2) The purchase of a blanket mortgage on a cooperative building or

 a mortgage on a condominium project will be treated as a mortgage

 purchase. The purchase of a blanket mortgage on a cooperative building

 will receive credit in the same manner as a mortgage purchase of a

 multifamily rental property, except that affordability must be

 determined based solely on the comparable market rents used in

 underwriting the blanket loan. If the underwriting rents are not

 available, the loan will not be treated as a mortgage purchase. The

 purchase of a mortgage on a condominium project will receive credit in

 the same manner as a mortgage purchase of a multifamily rental

 property.

     (3) Where an Enterprise purchases both a blanket mortgage on a

 cooperative building and share loans for units in the same building,

 both the mortgage on the cooperative building and the share loans will

 be treated as mortgage purchases. Where an Enterprise purchases both a

 mortgage on a condominium project and mortgages on individual dwelling

 units in the same project, both the mortgage on the condominium project

 and the mortgages on individual dwelling units will be treated as

 mortgage purchases.

     (f) Seasoned mortgages. An Enterprise's purchase of a seasoned

 mortgage will be treated as a mortgage purchase.

     (g) Purchase of refinancing mortgages. The purchase of a

 refinancing mortgage by an Enterprise will be treated as a mortgage

 purchase only if the refinancing is an arms-length transaction that is

 borrower-driven.

     (h) Mortgage revenue bonds. The purchase or guarantee by an

 Enterprise of a mortgage revenue bond issued by a State or local

 housing finance agency will be treated as a purchase of the underlying

 mortgages only to the extent the Enterprise has sufficient information

 to determine whether the underlying mortgages or mortgage-backed

 securities serve the income groups targeted by the duty to serve.

     (i) Seller dissolution option. (1) Mortgages acquired through

 transactions involving seller dissolution options will be treated as

 mortgage purchases only when:

     (i) The terms of the transaction provide for a lockout period that

 prohibits the exercise of the dissolution option for at least one year

 from the date on which the transaction was entered into by the

 Enterprise and the seller of the mortgages; and

     (ii) The transaction is not dissolved during the one-year minimum

 lockout period.

     (2) FHFA may grant an exception to the one-year minimum lockout

 period described in paragraphs (i)(1)(i) and (ii) of this section, in

 response to a written request from an Enterprise, if FHFA determines

 that the transaction furthers the purposes of the Enterprise's Charter

 Act and the Safety and Soundness Act.

     (3) For purposes of paragraph (i) of this section, ``seller

 dissolution option'' means an option for a seller of mortgages to the

 Enterprises to dissolve or otherwise cancel a mortgage purchase

 agreement or loan sale.





 Sec.  1282.41  Failure to comply.



     If the Director determines that an Enterprise has not complied

 with, or there is a substantial probability that an Enterprise will not

 comply with, the duty to serve a particular underserved market in a

 given year and the Director determines that such compliance is or was

 feasible, the Director will follow the procedures in 12 U.S.C. 4566(b).





 Sec.  1282.42  Housing plans.



     (a) General. If the Director determines that an Enterprise did not

 comply with, or there is a substantial probability that an Enterprise

 will not comply with, the duty to serve a particular underserved market

 in a given year, the Director may require the Enterprise to submit a

 housing plan for approval by the Director.

     (b) Nature of housing plan. If the Director requires a housing

 plan, the housing plan must:

     (1) Be feasible;

     (2) Be sufficiently specific to enable the Director to monitor

 compliance periodically;

     (3) Describe the specific actions that the Enterprise will take:

     (i) To comply with the duty to serve a particular underserved

 market for the next calendar year; or

     (ii) To make such improvements and changes in its operations as are

 reasonable in the remainder of the year, if the Director determines

 that there is



 [[Page 79222]]



 a substantial probability that the Enterprise will fail to comply with

 the duty to serve a particular underserved market in such year; and

     (4) Address any additional matters relevant to the housing plan as

 required, in writing, by the Director.

     (c) Deadline for submission. The Enterprise must submit the housing

 plan to the Director within 45 days after issuance of a notice

 requiring the Enterprise to submit a housing plan. The Director may

 extend the deadline for submission of a housing plan, in writing and

 for a time certain, to the extent the Director determines an extension

 is necessary.

     (d) Review of housing plans. The Director will review and approve

 or disapprove housing plans in accordance with 12 U.S.C. 4566(c)(4) and

 (5).

     (e) Resubmission. If the Director disapproves an initial housing

 plan submitted by an Enterprise, the Enterprise must submit an amended

 housing plan acceptable to the Director not later than 15 days after

 the Director's disapproval of the initial housing plan. The Director

 may extend the deadline if the Director determines that an extension is

 in the public interest. If the amended housing plan is not acceptable

 to the Director, the Director may afford the Enterprise 15 days to

 submit a new housing plan.

 0

 4. Add Sec.  1282.66 to subpart D to read as follows:





 Sec.  1282.66  Enterprise reports on duty to serve.



     (a) First and third quarter reports. Each Enterprise must submit to

 FHFA a first and third quarter report on its activities and objectives

 in its Underserved Markets Plan for the loan purchase assessment factor

 for each underserved market. The report must include detailed

 information on the Enterprise's progress towards meeting the activities

 and objectives. The Enterprise must submit the first and third quarter

 reports within 60 days of the end of the respective quarter.

     (b) Semi-annual report. Each Enterprise must submit to FHFA a semi-

 annual report on all of the activities and objectives in its

 Underserved Markets Plan for each underserved market. The report must

 include detailed information on the Enterprise's progress towards

 meeting the activities and objectives. The Enterprise must submit the

 semi-annual report within 60 days of the end of the second quarter.

     (c) Annual report. To comply with the requirements in sections

 309(n) of the Fannie Mae Charter Act and 307(f) of the Freddie Mac Act

 and for purposes of FHFA's Annual Housing Report to Congress, each

 Enterprise must submit to FHFA an annual report on all of the

 activities and objectives in its Underserved Markets Plan for each

 underserved market no later than 75 days after the end of each calendar

 year. For each underserved market, the annual report must include, at a

 minimum: A description of the Enterprise's market opportunities for

 loan purchases during the evaluation year to the extent data is

 available; the volume of qualifying loans purchased by the Enterprise;

 a comparison of the Enterprise's loan purchases with its loan purchases

 in prior years; and a comparison of market opportunities with the size

 of the relevant markets in the past, to the extent data are available.



     Dated: December 10, 2015.

 Melvin L. Watt,

 Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2015-31811 Filed 12-17-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 8070-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
