
                          FOCUS - 501 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 18, 1996, Thursday

BOB GRANT SHUT OFF
DISNEY IS SEEN BEHIND DUMPING

BYLINE: By DAVID HINCKLEY

SECTION: News; Pg.  3

LENGTH: 817 words


Bob Grant's controversial 25-year run on New York radio came to an abrupt end
yesterday when WABC dropped his afternoon talk show amid criticism over his acid
commentary.

On the eve of a public protest called by Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, Grant
and WABC said they had agreed to end Grant's show "by mutual agreement,"
according to a statement. Neither Grant nor WABC would comment further, but
there was widespread speculation from both supporters and critics that Grant had
been fired.

The move comes just weeks after critics charged that he had wished Commerce
Secretary Ron Brown dead.

On his last show Tuesday, Grant gave no indication he did not expect to return.
Then yesterday, WABC program director Phil Boyce a strong Grant supporter was
hastily summoned back to New York from a corporate meeting in Florida and the
terse termination announcement was made.

Liberal and black critics of Grant had recently taken their campaign to the
image-conscious Disney Co., which acquired WABC in its merger with Capital
Cities. A column Monday in USA Today criticizing Grant was headlined, "Talk Show
Host Tarnishing Disney Image."

Alan Dershowitz, whose show was canceled by WABC after he called Grant a racist
last month, said that before the campaign, "I don't think the Disney folks knew
how bad it was with Grant's racism."

"I don't know exactly how the decision was reached," said Jeff Cohen, president
of the liberal media-watchdog group FAIR, a leading Grant critic. "But I think
it's clear there was pressure from above the WABC level."

"I wouldn't be at all surprised to see the hand of Disney here," said Tom
Taylor, editor of Inside Radio. On the air yesterday, host Curtis Sliwa who sat
in for Grant said WABC employes were "shaken. . . . It's as if an atom bomb had
hit." He said Grant had been in the building and was "a man's man" in taking the
news.

Grant, whose conservative views sparked controversy for years and were widely
viewed as a blueprint for many of today's younger hosts, had been under renewed
fire these past two weeks for a comment he made following the plane crash that
killed Brown.

Responding the day of the crash to reports that one passenger might have
survived, Grant cracked that he had a hunch it was Brown, "because I'm a
pessimist."

Black groups and other organizations were outraged. Former Gov. Mario Cuomo, on
his talk show Saturday, said, "Bob wished Ron Brown dead."

Sharpton, whose rally is still scheduled today at 5 p.m. outside WABC offices on
Penn Plaza, said WABC "took a long overdue step in dismissing Bob Grant. But
it's only the first step in stopping those who seek to profit from radio
bigotry."

Echoing a theme of many Grant supporters, Sliwa suggested liberals forced him
out and vowed, "We won't allow the forces of political correctness to kick dirt
on his grave."

Boyce had no comment yesterday beyond WABC's statement, which read, "As you
know, we've had a long-term relationship with Bob Grant. That relationship has
been terminated by mutual agreement. We wish Bob well in his future endeavors."

GRAPHIC: CHRONOLOGY

SOME LOWLIGHTS

Bob Grant has spent much of his career at the center of controversy often
sparked by his own words. A history:

April 3, 1996: Just hours after learning someone may have survived the crash of
Commerce Secretary Ron Brown's plane, Grant tells listeners: "My hunch is that
he [Brown] is the one survivor. I just have that hunch. Maybe it's because, at
heart, I'm a pessimist."

March 18, 1996: WABC-AM drops Alan Dershowitz' call-in show after the lawyer
says Grant is "racist," a "bigot" and "despicable." Dershowitz later says of
Grant, "He can call anyone anything he wants he calls blacks 'savages' but when
I respond, suddenly that's not acceptable."

July 6, 1995: House Speaker Newt Gingrich ignites a political firestorm when he
is a guest on Grant's program. Mayor Giuliani has also been a guest on the show.

October 1994: Controversy swirls around Grant's on-air comments calling blacks
"savages," welfare mothers "maggots," former-Mayor David Dinkins "the men's room
attendant," President Clinton "the sleazebag in the White House" and suggesting
Haitian boat people should drown. New Jersey Gov. Christie Whitman refuses to go
on Grant's show, and Jesse Jackson calls for a boycott.

March 28, 1990: Grant tells a 28-year-old homeless man who called the show that
he should kill himself. "Do you have a straight razor with you? Is there an open
window nearby? Do you have any rat poison?" he asks the apparently distraught
man, who grimly answers "No" to each question.

November 1978: Grant is canned by WOR following pressure from minority groups.

March 4, 1973: Grant calls a Queens congressman a "coward" during his show, then
on WMCA. The FCC rules the station violated the commission guidelines against
personal attacks.


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRANTED, he was once one at the top of trash talk radio (here in 1988),
but Bob Grant's run with WABC came to abrupt end yesterday.

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                          FOCUS - 502 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 19, 1996, Friday

POLS WRANGLE OVER GRANT
GOV BLASTS FIRING, BUT RUDY PLEASED

BYLINE: By DAVID HINCKLEY and CHRIS COLEMAN With Donald Bertrand

SECTION: News; Pg.  3

LENGTH: 782 words


Gov. Pataki said yesterday he would like to have Bob Grant back on New York
radio as Grant's fans voiced fury at WABC's firing of the controversial talk
show host.

On the other side, an equally fired-up group of Grant critics including Mayor
Giuliani hailed ABC Radio and its parent company, Disney, for cleansing the
airwaves.

Emotions on both sides boiled high enough that the Rev. Al Sharpton said he and
the Rev. Jesse Jackson, both of whom had planned an anti-Grant rally, received
death threats yesterday. Sharpton said he has beefed up his security.

Meanwhile, readers flooded a Daily News phone line with more than 2,600 calls on
whether Grant should have been dismissed. Nearly nine out of 10 said the
dismissal was wrong.

Both sides wondered whether Grant will surface at another station and who will
replace him on WABC.

At WOR, the city's other major talk station, program director David Bernstein
said "it's not out of the question" WOR would take him.

Pataki described as "beyond the pale" Grant's comments suggesting pleasure at
news of the death of Commerce Secretary Ron Brown. But he added that "having Bob
Grant on the radio in New York has been and would be something that helps to
broaden the range of discussion of events."

The state's second most powerful Republican, Senate Majority Leader Joe Bruno,
said WABC "made a mistake" in canning Grant "because he does represent a very
large point of view."

Said Giuliani: "ABC obviously made the right decision. The comments that he made
were unfortunate, unacceptable."

Grant's 12-year WABC run ended Wednesday by what the station said was "mutual
agreement." Sources said his remarks about Brown were the last straw.

Grant has not been available for comment.

Divisions over Grant's firing extended into the city's black political
leadership.

Rep. Edolphus Towns (D-Brooklyn) said, "It's about time Bob Grant was removed
from the airwaves. The Disney Co. made a courageous and morally sound decision."

But Rep. Charles Rangel (D-Manhattan), while calling Grant "an obsessive
racist," said, "I'm bothered by the removal of anyone from the airwaves for
things they say, because I'm not sure who could be next."

WABC virtually turned into WBOB once Grant's dismissal was announced by
substitute host Curtis Sliwa. Grant was the topic for every program, with most
callers expressing anger at both WABC and Grant's critics.

"Today we lost the First Amendment," said one caller to WABC. Another said, "The
forces of darkness, in the guise of political correctness, have taken over my
America." Several vowed never again to go to Walt Disney World.

At the Reo Diner in Woodbridge, N.J.  Bob Grant's second home customers
yesterday said the caustic commentator was done in by a politically correct
double standard.

"There are certain groups you can't say anything about, but it is okay to attack
groups like Catholics and Italians," said Anthony Casazza, who lives around the
corner from the bustling eatery.

Ironically, what turned out to be Grant's final show on WABC was broadcast from
the restaurant.

On WWRL, however, one caller Wednesday night said that Grant's dismissal was
"just a first step. . . . Now we must remove Jay Diamond, Howard Stern and the
others."

Another said, "My only question is why it took so long."

WABC morning host Lionel called his show a tribute to Grant yesterday, taking
only favorable calls.

Much of the discussion centered on whether Grant's dismissal was a First
Amendment/free speech issue.

Jay Severin, WOR's afternoon host and a long-time Grant admirer, decried "the
clear double standard" between "what conservatives are allowed to say and what
those who are politically correct are allowed to say."

Rush Limbaugh said he had talked with Grant "for about 20 minutes" after Grant
learned of the dismissal. "He was stunned," said Limbaugh, "but he took it as a
professional. We all know this can happen. It's part of life, it's part of this
business."

Norman Siegel, chairman of the New York Civil Liberties Union, said, "There's no
constitutional issue involved here. What does concern us is that if you take off
the airwaves that which is controversial, even repugnant, you create a
marketplace that is homogenous and bland, which is not what we want."

WABC program director Phil Boyce said he has not selected a replacement for
Grant's critical 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. slot. Jay Diamond, WABC's overnight host who
is currently on a "voluntary leave of absence" during a contract dispute, is
"one possibility," said Boyce, "though not necessarily the strongest."

Sliwa will be host in Grant's time slot this week.


LOAD-DATE: April 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COREY SIPKIN BOB GRANT at mike recently. Below, wall of Reo Diner in
Woodbridge, N.J., a Grant hangout, displays pictures of Grant with Gov. Christie
Whitman and owner George Forakis, and former Prez George Bush.

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                          FOCUS - 503 of 866 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 3, 2011

County has new procedures for overseeing grants

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 882  words


In December, county and school officials learned that the Morgan County
Partnership overspent two grants by about $20,100.

Several readers have asked how this was possible. The answer appears to lie in
the complexity of the grant process.

When the problem was first reported to the Morgan County Commissioners in
December, then-Commissioner Tommy Swaim said, "I think what has happened here is
a matter of the federal government making things so complicated that a normal
human being can hardly figure it out."

The grant programs

Since 2006, the Morgan County Partnership has received some $624,249 through two
grant programs.

Of that total, $552,764 came from the West Virginia Prevention Resource Center
between 2006 and 2010.

The state group got their funding from an $11 million federal grant for the
prevention of substance abuse in 2004. The money from the U.S. Department of
Health & Human Services was titled "Strategic Prevention Framework State
Incentive Grant."

In 2010, the Morgan County Partnership also received $71,485 through a Juvenile
Justice Delinquency Prevention Title V grant from the West Virginia Division of
Criminal Justice Services.

Over-spending caught

In December, the Morgan County Commission and the Partnership realized the
multi-year Strategic Prevention grant was overspent by $16,549 and the smaller
Title V grant was overspent by $3,555.

At the time, school board member David Ambrose, who was also president of the
Partnership board, said: "The grants are very complicated which led to staff
misunderstandings, causing the over-expenditure."

Since then, the Partnership has repaid the county $9,111 and has promised to pay
the rest back by the end of the fiscal year on June 30.

Commissioner Brenda Hutchinson, who also sits on the Partnership board, said the
overspending was caused by grant complexities and communications problems
between the Partnership, the County Commission Office and the County Clerk's
Office.

Tighter procedures

The county commissioners have sent a Memorandum of Understanding to the
Partnership and other groups with grants for which the county is the fiscal
agent.

The memorandum sets up procedures and clarifies responsibilities, listing items
each party is responsible for. It calls for keeping accurate financial records
and submitting invoices and work sheets promptly. It sets a 30-day deadline for
any overspending to be repaid.

Though it was not her responsibility, County Grant Assistant Carol York is nOw
maintaining spreadsheets on outside organizations' grants for which the county
is fiscal agent.

"I am confident we are on top of it," York said.

County Administrator Jody McClintock compared the county's responsibility to
that of a bank.

"Like a bank, where you have an account and a checkbook, it is your
responsibility to know what your balance is and not spend more than you have in
your account," she said. New executive director

When the grants were overspent last fall, the Partnership's former Executive
Director Susan Caperton had left the post due to health issues, Hutchinson said.

The vacancy wasn't filled until January when Kristin Willard was hired to
replace Caperton. Willard has financial management, grant and supervisory
experience. She has a master's degree in Business Administration and has worked
for the State Department of Health & Human Resources.

For the last 15 years, she was director of finance and data for the West
Virginia Schools for the Deaf & Blind in Romney.

Willard said the Partnership has found that invoices were charged against the
Strategic Prvention grant that should have been charged against other grants.
She said those invoices will be resubmitted against the proper grants for
reimbursement.

"I think we all have a good grip on it now. The controls are already in place to
watch grants," Willard said last week. Grant complexities

"Managing grants is a daunting task," McClintock said.

Groups that receive grants must spend the money based on the specific criteria
stated in the grant contract or the expenditures are denied, York said.

The county treasury doesn't get grant money up front and must pay invoices
before being reimbursed by the state.

Invoices and documentation specified in the contract must be submitted on time
in order to be reimbursed.

The county sometimes waits months before the reimbursement arrives, and the
check is not always for the same amount as the invoices submitted.

The state grant administrator may decline to pay all or part of an invoice
because an expense doesn't conform to the grant contract.

York said other variances occur due to calculation errors, missing documentation
or reimbursement requests and progress reports that are not sent in on time.

"The state doesn't tell you why there is a variance. It is nearly impossible to
get answers and there is no real appeals process at the state level," York said.

Grant cycles can expire

At the end of a grant cycle, any leftover money is "de-obligated" or taken away.

"You either use it or lose it," McClintock said.

York said it's possible to spend funds on an item that the state denies payment
for and, in the meantime, the grant cycle expires, leaving the county or
organization holding the bag.

Summing it up, York said, "In any business you learn from your mistakes and
everyone has learned a valuable lesson."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2011


                          FOCUS - 504 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                 Grant County Press (Petersburg, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 7, 2014

Humanities Council announces grant-writing workshop

BYLINE: Grant County Press staff

LENGTH: 655  words


West Virginia Humanities Council grants administrator Amy Saunders Postal wait
will conduct a grant-writing workshop on Wednesday, Oct. 22, at Eastern West
Virginia Community & Technical College in Moore field. Eastern is partnering
with the Region 8 Planning and Development Council in Petersburg to present the
workshop, which takes place at Eastern's headquarters at 316 Eastern Drive,
Moore field, in Room 104B.

The grant-writing workshop begins at 10:30 a.m. and runs until noon. Seating is
limited and registration is suggested. Contact Stacey Heavner at Region 8
Planning and Development Council at 304-257-1221 ext. 234 or sheavner@region
eight.org to register.

Grant-writing workshops are conducted to better acquaint West Virginians with
Humanities Council grant guidelines and the application process. A variety of
matching grants are offered by the council year-round to nonprofit organizations
in West Virginia that support educational programming. The West Virginia
Humanities Council is the state affiliate of the National Endowment for the
Humanities and serves West Virginia through grants and direct programs in the
humanities.

The following grant categories will be reviewed at the workshop:

Mini grants - Humanities Council mini grants support small projects, single
events, lectures, small museum exhibits and brochures, consultation needs, and
planning for more complex projects. They are awarded four times per year for
projects up to $1,500. The next mini grant deadline was Oct. 1, followed by Feb.
1, April 1 and June 1.

Major grants - This category supports public programs including, but not limited
to, lectures, school projects, panel discussions, reading/discussion series,
exhibits, re-enactments, and conferences. They are awarded twice a year for
projects over $1,500 and up to $20,000. The deadlines for major grant
applications are Feb. 1 and Sept. 1.

Teacher Institute grants West Virginia college and university professors are
invited to submit a proposal for a two-week seminar on a humanities topic suited
to the teaching needs of elementary or secondary teachers. These grants, up to
$25,000, are awarded once a year for summer teaching seminars. The deadline is
Sept. 1. One to three teacher institute grants are awarded annually to a college
or university.

Publication grants - Only completed manuscripts sponsored by recognized academic
presses and established nonprofit presses are eligible. These grants, up to
$20,000, are awarded once a year with an application deadline of Sept. 1.

Media grants - Humanities Council media grants up to $20,000 are awarded once a
year to support the planning, scripting and production of projects intended to
produce audio or video materials. These grants also fund websites or a newspaper
series. The deadline for media grant applications is Sept. 1.

Fellowships - Grants of $2,500 are awarded once a year. Fellowships offer West
Virginia teachers, college and university faculty, and independent scholars
support for research and writing projects. Eligible pro-jects include, but are
not limited to, the study of interpretive archaeology; the history, theory and
criticism of the arts; ethics; history; jurisprudence; modern and classical
languages; linguistics; literature; philosophy; comparative religion; and
philosophical and historical approaches to the social sciences. The deadline for
Fellowship applications is Feb. 1.

Travel Assistance Program grants - This category is open to individuals
associated with museums, historical societies, institutions of higher and
secondary education, and other nonprofit groups. TAP grants fund conference
registration fees, transportation, lodging, and food at professional meetings
and conferences. Applications should be submitted two months prior to travel.
The maximum award is $500.

Grant guidelines and applications are also available on the West Virginia
Humanities Council website, www.wvhu manities.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GTC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Grant County Press


                          FOCUS - 505 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 8, 2013 Saturday

FORM 8-K: CBS CORP FILES Current report

LENGTH: 1470 words

DATELINE: Washington


CBS CORP, Delaware, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with Securities and
Exchange Commission on June 07, 2013

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Delaware

Item 5.02   Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of

Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(c)(e) On June 4, 2013, CBS Corporation ("CBS" or the "Company") entered into a
new employment agreement (the "Agreement") with Joseph R. Ianniello naming him
the Company's Chief Operating Officer and extending the term of his employment
to June 3, 2018. In addition to his new duties, Mr. Ianniello will continue to
have oversight of all of the Company's financial operations.  The Agreement
provides for the following modifications from his prior employment agreement:

Annual Cash Compensation.  Mr. Ianniello's annual base salary will be $2.5
million and his target bonus for each calendar year will be 300% of his base
salary as in effect on November 1st of the calendar year.  Mr. Ianniello's
salary will continue to be subject to an annual review and may be increased from
time to time.

Equity Awards.

Restricted Stock Units.  On June 4, 2013, the date of execution of the
Agreement, Mr. Ianniello received a grant of restricted stock units ("RSUs")
with the number of RSUs determined by dividing $1.5 million by the closing price
of the Company's shares of Class B Common Stock (the "Class B Shares") on the
grant date (the "2013 RSU Grant").  On the same date that CBS makes annual
equity grants to its other senior executives in each of 2014, 2015 and 2016, but
in no event later than February 28th of each such calendar year (the "Annual
Grant Date"), Mr. Ianniello will receive a grant of RSUs.  The number of RSUs
granted in 2014 will be determined by dividing $4 million by the closing price
of the Class B Shares on the grant date (the "2014 RSU Grant").  The number of
RSUs granted in each of 2015 and 2016 will be determined by dividing $7 million
by the closing price of the Class B Shares on the grant date of the 2013 RSU
Grant (respectively, "2015 RSU Grant" and "2016 RSU Grant").  Each grant of RSUs
will vest in four equal installments.

Stock Options.  Mr. Ianniello will receive a grant of stock options to purchase
Class B Shares on June 10, 2013, the third trading day following public
announcement of the Agreement, having a value equal to $6.5 million (the "2013
Option Grant").  On the Annual Grant Date in 2014, Mr. Ianniello will receive a
grant of stock options to purchase Class B Shares having a value equal to $4
million (the "2014 Option Grant").  The stock options will have an exercise
price equal to the closing price of the Class B Shares on their respective grant
dates and will vest in four equal installments.

Annual Equity Awards.  Beginning with calendar year 2014, Mr. Ianniello will
also be eligible to receive annual awards under the Company's long-term
incentive plan, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company, with a target value equal to $7 million.

Benefits.  Mr. Ianniello will be eligible to participate in the Company's
employee benefit plans and programs available to the Company's President and
Chief Executive Officer with certain exceptions.

Termination Payments.  Similar to his prior employment agreement, in the event
that the Company terminates his employment without "cause" or if he resigns his
employment for "good reason" (each as specifically defined in the Agreement),
Mr. Ianniello will be entitled to receive severance payments, benefits and
acceleration of unvested equity awards.  In the event of a termination without
cause or good reason prior to the grant dates of any of the 2013 RSU Grant, 2013
Option Grant, 2014 Option Grant, 2014 RSU Grant, 2015 RSU Grant or 2016 RSU
Grant, Mr. Ianniello will also receive a cash payment equal to the sum of the
grant values of the corresponding grants to the extent such grants have not yet
been made (the "Additional Grants Payment").  In the event that Mr. Ianniello's
employment with CBS has not been renewed on the expiration date of the
employment term, in certain circumstances he will

2

receive certain severance payments, benefits and acceleration of unvested equity
awards.  Mr. Ianniello's receipt of the termination payments in each of the
circumstances described above is subject to Mr. Ianniello's delivery of a
general release to CBS.  In the event Mr. Ianniello's employment terminates due
to death or disability, he (or his beneficiary or estate in the case of death)
will be entitled to receive certain payments, including the Additional Grants
Payment, and acceleration of unvested equity awards.  If Mr. Ianniello
voluntarily resigns without good reason or his employment is terminated by the
Company for cause, he will not be entitled to receive any severance payments,
benefits or acceleration of unvested equity awards.

Restrictive Covenants.  Mr. Ianniello will continue to be subject to certain
restrictive covenants, including those imposing non-competition obligations,
restricting solicitation of employees, and protecting confidential information
and the Company's ownership of work product, including for specified periods
following termination of employment.  In the event of breach of any such
provisions by Mr. Ianniello, the Agreement provides the Company equitable
relief, including injunctive relief, and other legal remedies.

A copy of the press release announcing Mr. Ianniello's new position is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99 and is incorporated herein by reference.  Information with
respect to Mr. Ianniello's transactions with related persons required by this
item was previously reported in the Company's proxy statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders of CBS Corporation filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on April 12, 2013 (the "Proxy Statement") under the caption
"Related Person Transactions--Other Related Person Transactions."

Item 9.01   Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.      The following Exhibit is filed as part of this Report on Form
8-K:

Exhibit Number


Description of Exhibit

99


Press Release of CBS Corporation, dated June 5, 2013, regarding Joseph Ianniello

JOSEPH IANNIELLO NAMED CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER OF CBS CORPORATIONJoseph
Ianniello has been named Chief Operating Officer of CBS Corporation (NYSE: CBS.A
and CBS), it was announced today by Leslie Moonves, the Company's President and
Chief Executive Officer.  In this new role, Ianniello will continue to oversee
all financial operations and work closely with Moonves and senior management to
maximize the monetization of the Company content, including oversight of
negotiations for digital streaming, retransmission consent fees and reverse
compensation from affiliates. In this five-year agreement, he will continue to
report to Moonves and be based in both New York and Los Angeles.

"Joe's role in CBS's success these past several years has been extraordinary,"
said Moonves. "He's been a game-changing CFO, but he's also so much more than
that. He is a tough negotiator, a great manager, and someone who brings energy,
passion and a great sense of teamwork to anything he does. He is also someone
who has developed incredible trust and admiration on Wall Street, with our
shareholders, our board of directors and my superb senior management team, of
which he is an integral part. I am proud to promote Joe to this new position,
which not only recognizes the many contributions he has already made, but sets
him up for all the great work yet to be done."

Ianniello was named Chief Financial Officer of CBS Corporation in 2009. Before
that, he served as Deputy Chief Financial Officer, where he was responsible for
the Company's financial strategy across its operations, in addition to worldwide
treasury, tax, information systems and technology, corporate development -
including mergers and acquisitions - and risk management.  Prior to that,
Ianniello served as Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer and
Treasurer.

(More)

CBS Corporation...2

Before the separation of CBS and Viacom Inc., Ianniello held several key roles
at Viacom, including Senior Vice President and Treasurer (2005) and Vice
President of Corporate Development (2000-2005), where he was integrally involved
in identifying and assessing potential mergers and acquisitions for the company.

Ianniello is a graduate of Pace University (Bachelors of Business
Administration) and Columbia University (Masters of Business Administration).
He also serves on the board of the charitable organization New Alternatives for
Children.  He is married with two children.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 506 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

For nonprofits, even non-finance 'capacity grants' stimulate financial growth

LENGTH: 609  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Research from North Carolina State University and American University finds
that so-called "capacity grants" lead to long-term financial growth for
nonprofit organizations - regardless of what the grants are for. However, there
is no added benefit from capacity grants that focus specifically on financial
growth.





 Many foundations provide nonprofit organizations with grant funding that can be
used to "build capacity," making the organizations stronger and more capable. In
practice, these grants focus on anything from expanded personnel training to
improving financial practices.



 "We wanted to know if these 'capacity building' grants actually improve
outcomes for organizations that receive the grants," says Amanda Stewart, an
assistant professor of public administration at NC State and lead author of a
paper describing the work.



 "Foundations put a lot of money into these capacity grants, and usually get
reports from grant recipients six or 12 months later," Stewart says. "But we had
very little information on the long-term impacts of these grants, so that's what
we chose to look at."



 To address the issue, the researchers partnered with a large foundation. The
researchers looked at grant proposals, both capacity-specific and for more
general programmatic needs, that were submitted to the foundation by more than
400 nonprofit organizations, spanning a 12-year period. The researchers then
assessed the financial trends for each organization for three years following
the year of each grant decision.



 The researchers compared the financial trends of nonprofits that did not
receive capacity grants to the data from nonprofits that did receive capacity
grants, paying particular attention to three things: the long-term financial
impact of receiving any kind of grant; the impact of receiving any
capacity-building grant; and the impact of receiving a capacity-building grant
that focused specifically on building financial capacity. Financial capacity
grants funded actions such as hiring a grant writer or developing an in-depth
fundraising plan.



 "We found that 184 of the nonprofits received capacity-building grants, and
that receiving any capacity grant was associated with financial growth for a
nonprofit," Stewart says. "But we also found that receiving a financial capacity
grant did not boost financial growth more than receiving any other kind of
capacity grant."



 Organizations that received any capacity grant grew by around 10 percent in the
three years following the grant. Grants that specifically targeted financial
capacity development did not lead to greater long-term financial outcomes than
grants that focused on other management or governance issues.



 "This tells us that capacity grants are effective investments in nonprofit
organizations, but the benefits are not necessarily as targeted as one might
expect," Stewart says.



 "We think that one benefit of these grants may stem from receiving the explicit
imprimatur of a foundation," Stewart adds. "In other words, receiving a capacity
grant from the foundation may serve as a seal of approval that makes the
nonprofit organization more attractive to other foundations and donors."



 The paper, "As you sow, so shall you reap? Evaluating if targeted capacity
building improves nonprofit financial growth," is published in the journal
Nonprofit Management and Leadership. The paper was co-authored by Lewis Faulk of
American University.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 507 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

For Nonprofits, Even Non-Finance \x91Capacity Grants' Stimulate Financial Growth

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: North Carolina State University has issued the following news release:

 Research from North Carolina State University and American University finds
that so-called "capacity grants" lead to long-term financial growth for
nonprofit organizations - regardless of what the grants are for. However, there
is no added benefit from capacity grants that focus specifically on financial
growth.





 Many foundations provide nonprofit organizations with grant funding that can be
used to "build capacity," making the organizations stronger and more capable. In
practice, these grants focus on anything from expanded personnel training to
improving financial practices.



 "We wanted to know if these 'capacity building' grants actually improve
outcomes for organizations that receive the grants," says Amanda Stewart, an
assistant professor of public administration at NC State and lead author of a
paper describing the work.



 "Foundations put a lot of money into these capacity grants, and usually get
reports from grant recipients six or 12 months later," Stewart says. "But we had
very little information on the long-term impacts of these grants, so that's what
we chose to look at."



 To address the issue, the researchers partnered with a large foundation. The
researchers looked at grant proposals, both capacity-specific and for more
general programmatic needs, that were submitted to the foundation by more than
400 nonprofit organizations, spanning a 12-year period. The researchers then
assessed the financial trends for each organization for three years following
the year of each grant decision.



 The researchers compared the financial trends of nonprofits that did not
receive capacity grants to the data from nonprofits that did receive capacity
grants, paying particular attention to three things: the long-term financial
impact of receiving any kind of grant; the impact of receiving any
capacity-building grant; and the impact of receiving a capacity-building grant
that focused specifically on building financial capacity. Financial capacity
grants funded actions such as hiring a grant writer or developing an in-depth
fundraising plan.



 "We found that 184 of the nonprofits received capacity-building grants, and
that receiving any capacity grant was associated with financial growth for a
nonprofit," Stewart says. "But we also found that receiving a financial capacity
grant did not boost financial growth more than receiving any other kind of
capacity grant."



 Organizations that received any capacity grant grew by around 10 percent in the
three years following the grant. Grants that specifically targeted financial
capacity development did not lead to greater long-term financial outcomes than
grants that focused on other management or governance issues.



 "This tells us that capacity grants are effective investments in nonprofit
organizations, but the benefits are not necessarily as targeted as one might
expect," Stewart says.



 "We think that one benefit of these grants may stem from receiving the explicit
imprimatur of a foundation," Stewart adds. "In other words, receiving a capacity
grant from the foundation may serve as a seal of approval that makes the
nonprofit organization more attractive to other foundations and donors."
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 508 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Forest Service: GRANTS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 14-WO-AQM-16755G-CDO

LENGTH: 3349  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:GRANTS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Forest Service

Job Announcement Number:14-WO-AQM-16755G-CDO
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $98,305.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, July 21, 2014 to Wednesday, July 30, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

A career with the Forest Service will challenge you to manage and care for more
than 193 million acres of our nation's most magnificent lands, conduct research
through a network of forest and range experiment stations and the Forest
Products Laboratory, and provide assistance to State and private forestry
agencies.

It's an awesome responsibility - but the rewards are as limitless as the views.

This position is located in the Acquisition Management, Grants and Agreements
Branch in Washington D.C.

The Grants and Agreements Branch provides a broad range of Grants and Agreements
support to the Forest Service Headquarters and detached units. The Grants
Management Specialist reports to the Washington Office Grants and Agreements
Branch Chief.

For additional information about the duties of this position, please contact
Trista Etzig at tristasetzig@fs.fed.us or 703-605-4776.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

Yes
    Relocation expenses may be authorized.

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    Must be a US Citizen/National

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides Regional advice and guidance to line and staff officers and other
program managers in all aspects of the unit's grants and agreements to federal
and non-federal agencies; state, local, and tribal governments; and educational,
private, and corporate entities.

Provides advice and guidance on the administrative aspects of partnership
agreements including cooperative agreements, cost-share agreements,
participating agreements, collection agreements, interagency agreements,
cooperative fire agreements and memoranda of understandings. Processes a full
range of grant and agreement applications used to determine the selection of
grant and agreement awards. Has full and final authority to negotiate grants and
agreements within the limits of delegated authority, reviews all reimbursement
requests for appropriateness, and processes payments.

Provides interpretation of laws and regulations concerning use of Federal funds
and qualifying program expenditures. Determines appropriate legislative and
program authority prior to execution of each grant or agreement. Approves all
grants and agreements for the unit, as well as notification(s) of funding
availability. In addition, approves grant or agreement modifications and
extensions of performance period(s) for completion of work submitted by the
partner.

Develops instruments within the delegated authority, circularizes requests for
proposals for grants and agreements, reviews and analyzes responses, and makes
or recommends acceptance by higher authority as appropriate. Reviews or direct
reviews of grant and agreement applications for clarity and completeness.
Establishes internal administrative and financial controls or systems.

Monitors and analyzes the effect of changes in laws, regulations and policies
pertaining to grants and agreements, administration and management, and
performance reporting. Evaluates proposed legislation to determine the extent of
probable impact on the Forest Service grants and agreements processes and
overall objectives of the unit. Provides interpretation of requirements,
regulations and guidelines to management.

Stays abreast of changes in policy, regulations, and legal authorities affecting
grants and agreements. Plans and conducts annual meetings or workshops for
agency and State personnel for maintaining partnership agreement and grant
expertise.

Reviews performance reports; interprets specifications, terms, and conditions of
grants and agreements; renders decisions related to performance and issue in
dispute; approves all official correspondence sent to partners, program
personnel, and other interested parties relating to any specific case.
Terminates grants and agreements as the situation dictates. Closes out grants
and agreements within the established closeout procedures.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must possess the Basic Requirements identified below to be considered
eligible for this position. Transcripts must be provided for qualifications
based on education. Specialized experience is defined as experience that is
typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled and has
equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of the position. Your application or resume must
clearly show that you possess the appropriate experience requirements.

GS-12: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 grade
level. Examples of specialized experience are:  1) Reviewed and approved grants
and agreements for a unit, including notification(s) of funding availability
within the limits of delegated authority. 2) Developed grants and agreements
instruments within the delegated authority, disseminated grant and agreement
request for proposals; reviewed and analyzed responses; and made or recommended
acceptance by higher authority as appropriate. 3) Closed out grants or
agreements within the established closeout procedures.

To receive consideration for this position, you must meet all qualification
requirements within 30 days of the closing date of the announcement.

Time-in-grade Requirement: If you are a current Federal employee in the General
Schedule (GS) pay plan and applying for a promotion opportunity, you must meet
time-in-grade (TIG) requirements with 52 weeks of service at the next lower
grade level in the normal line of progression for the position being filled.
This requirement must be met within 30 days of the closing date of this
announcement.


REQUIREMENTS:
May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of pre-award grants and agreements processes and activities.
        Knowledge of post-award grants and agreements administration processes
and activities.
        Ability to perform as a liaison/advisor services for grants and
agreements program management support.
        Knowledge of grants and agreements operations and financial reviews.
        Skill in executing grants and agreements correspondence and reports.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

Clicking the link will present a preview of the application form; i.e., the
online questionnaire. This application form link below will only provide a
preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online
application process, click the "Apply Online" button to the right.

To view the application form, visit:
https://fs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=6849a4ec-8cd2-4
61d-9b0e-a369011345b0

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:

This is a non-bargaining unit position.

Government housing is not available.

Forest Service daycare facilities are not available.

Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP): If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must meet the agency's definition for
a quality candidate to be considered. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility
is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.

BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in this
position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.

You must have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by
Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.

If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of completing
the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty date will
be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires the use of
E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires. Under this
system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified discrepancies as a
condition of continued employment.

CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required to
submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
HRM Contact Center
Phone: 877-372-7248, option 2
Fax: 866-338-3755
TDD: 800-877-8339
Email: fsjobs@fs.fed.us
Agency Information:
USDA Forest Service
Do not mail in applications, see instructions under the How to Apply tab.
Albuquerque, NM,
87109
United States
Fax: 866-338-3755
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an acknowledgement email that the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful, if you were referred to
the selecting official for consideration, and if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 509 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Forest Service: GRANTS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 14-WO-AQM-16755G-CDO

LENGTH: 3349  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:GRANTS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Forest Service

Job Announcement Number:14-WO-AQM-16755G-CDO
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $98,305.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, July 21, 2014 to Wednesday, July 30, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

A career with the Forest Service will challenge you to manage and care for more
than 193 million acres of our nation's most magnificent lands, conduct research
through a network of forest and range experiment stations and the Forest
Products Laboratory, and provide assistance to State and private forestry
agencies.

It's an awesome responsibility - but the rewards are as limitless as the views.

This position is located in the Acquisition Management, Grants and Agreements
Branch in Washington D.C.

The Grants and Agreements Branch provides a broad range of Grants and Agreements
support to the Forest Service Headquarters and detached units. The Grants
Management Specialist reports to the Washington Office Grants and Agreements
Branch Chief.

For additional information about the duties of this position, please contact
Trista Etzig at tristasetzig@fs.fed.us or 703-605-4776.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

Yes
    Relocation expenses may be authorized.

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    Must be a US Citizen/National

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides Regional advice and guidance to line and staff officers and other
program managers in all aspects of the unit's grants and agreements to federal
and non-federal agencies; state, local, and tribal governments; and educational,
private, and corporate entities.

Provides advice and guidance on the administrative aspects of partnership
agreements including cooperative agreements, cost-share agreements,
participating agreements, collection agreements, interagency agreements,
cooperative fire agreements and memoranda of understandings. Processes a full
range of grant and agreement applications used to determine the selection of
grant and agreement awards. Has full and final authority to negotiate grants and
agreements within the limits of delegated authority, reviews all reimbursement
requests for appropriateness, and processes payments.

Provides interpretation of laws and regulations concerning use of Federal funds
and qualifying program expenditures. Determines appropriate legislative and
program authority prior to execution of each grant or agreement. Approves all
grants and agreements for the unit, as well as notification(s) of funding
availability. In addition, approves grant or agreement modifications and
extensions of performance period(s) for completion of work submitted by the
partner.

Develops instruments within the delegated authority, circularizes requests for
proposals for grants and agreements, reviews and analyzes responses, and makes
or recommends acceptance by higher authority as appropriate. Reviews or direct
reviews of grant and agreement applications for clarity and completeness.
Establishes internal administrative and financial controls or systems.

Monitors and analyzes the effect of changes in laws, regulations and policies
pertaining to grants and agreements, administration and management, and
performance reporting. Evaluates proposed legislation to determine the extent of
probable impact on the Forest Service grants and agreements processes and
overall objectives of the unit. Provides interpretation of requirements,
regulations and guidelines to management.

Stays abreast of changes in policy, regulations, and legal authorities affecting
grants and agreements. Plans and conducts annual meetings or workshops for
agency and State personnel for maintaining partnership agreement and grant
expertise.

Reviews performance reports; interprets specifications, terms, and conditions of
grants and agreements; renders decisions related to performance and issue in
dispute; approves all official correspondence sent to partners, program
personnel, and other interested parties relating to any specific case.
Terminates grants and agreements as the situation dictates. Closes out grants
and agreements within the established closeout procedures.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must possess the Basic Requirements identified below to be considered
eligible for this position. Transcripts must be provided for qualifications
based on education. Specialized experience is defined as experience that is
typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled and has
equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of the position. Your application or resume must
clearly show that you possess the appropriate experience requirements.

GS-12: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 grade
level. Examples of specialized experience are:  1) Reviewed and approved grants
and agreements for a unit, including notification(s) of funding availability
within the limits of delegated authority. 2) Developed grants and agreements
instruments within the delegated authority, disseminated grant and agreement
request for proposals; reviewed and analyzed responses; and made or recommended
acceptance by higher authority as appropriate. 3) Closed out grants or
agreements within the established closeout procedures.

To receive consideration for this position, you must meet all qualification
requirements within 30 days of the closing date of the announcement.

Time-in-grade Requirement: If you are a current Federal employee in the General
Schedule (GS) pay plan and applying for a promotion opportunity, you must meet
time-in-grade (TIG) requirements with 52 weeks of service at the next lower
grade level in the normal line of progression for the position being filled.
This requirement must be met within 30 days of the closing date of this
announcement.


REQUIREMENTS:
May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of pre-award grants and agreements processes and activities.
        Knowledge of post-award grants and agreements administration processes
and activities.
        Ability to perform as a liaison/advisor services for grants and
agreements program management support.
        Knowledge of grants and agreements operations and financial reviews.
        Skill in executing grants and agreements correspondence and reports.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

Clicking the link will present a preview of the application form; i.e., the
online questionnaire. This application form link below will only provide a
preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online
application process, click the "Apply Online" button to the right.

To view the application form, visit:
https://fs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=6849a4ec-8cd2-4
61d-9b0e-a369011345b0

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:

This is a non-bargaining unit position.

Government housing is not available.

Forest Service daycare facilities are not available.

Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP): If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must meet the agency's definition for
a quality candidate to be considered. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility
is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.

BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in this
position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.

You must have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by
Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.

If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of completing
the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty date will
be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires the use of
E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires. Under this
system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified discrepancies as a
condition of continued employment.

CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required to
submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
HRM Contact Center
Phone: 877-372-7248, option 2
Fax: 866-338-3755
TDD: 800-877-8339
Email: fsjobs@fs.fed.us
Agency Information:
USDA Forest Service
Do not mail in applications, see instructions under the How to Apply tab.
Albuquerque, NM,
87109
United States
Fax: 866-338-3755
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an acknowledgement email that the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful, if you were referred to
the selecting official for consideration, and if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 510 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     February 8, 2002 Friday, Home Edition

GwinEtc.

BYLINE: M. ELIZABETH NEAL

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Gwinnett; Pg. 2JJ

LENGTH: 1068 words


Wal-Mart delivers $12,800 in grants

February marks the beginning of Wal-Mart's budget year. The company's various
grant programs start over, with Wal-Mart stores accepting community grant
applications, said Angelia Lewis, community involvement coordinator for the
Duluth Wal-Mart store No. 1373.

The programs involved include Associate Matching Gifts, Volunteerism Always
Pays, Sam Walton Community Scholarships, Associate and Community Disaster
Relief, Children's Miracle Network, Safe Neighborhood Heroes, Grandparents Day,
literacy grants, environmental grants and matching/bonus grants.

More than $12,800 in associate and other types of grants were distributed by the
Duluth Wal-Mart last year, Lewis said. Those donations were raised with the help
of associates and community members as part of the Wal-Mart Community Matching
Grant Program.

"Our associates were thrilled to partner with these organizations to raise funds
for a worthwhile cause," said Louis Bonora, manager of the Duluth Wal-Mart. "The
money is used for programs in the local community, and we are glad to support
these organizations. This is just a small part of Wal-Mart's ongoing commitment
to the communities in which we operate."

The Community Matching Grant Program is the largest program funded by the
Wal-Mart Foundation, Lewis said. "This program involves fund-raising efforts by
not-for-profit organizations with the participation of Wal-Mart associates,"
Lewis said. "Wal-Mart matches up to $1,000 of the funds raised [by each group].
More than 50,000 matching grants, totaling nearly $36 million, were awarded
[nationwide] through the matching grant program in 2000. Wal-Mart helped raise
and contribute $71 million for local communities through joint efforts with
these organizations." The deadline for applications in the community matching
grant program is May, she added.

Wal-Mart and Sam's Club also provide environmental grants to nonprofit
organizations and schools to support environmental efforts and education in
communities where the company's stores and clubs are located. Through the
environmental grants, the company supports community projects that directly
influence land, air or water quality.

Last year, the company contributed more than $1.5 million to local communities
for environmental initiatives.

Wal-Mart Stores Inc. empowers its associates to serve the needs of communities
through the Wal-Mart Good Works Initiative. Last year, associates of the
company's 3,000 Wal-Mart stores, Sam's Clubs and distribution centers raised and
contributed more than $190 million to charitable causes nationwide.

Wal-Mart's grass-roots approach to giving has enabled the company to ensure 97
percent of all dollars contributed by associates are used in local communities,
Lewis said.

For additional information about Wal-Mart programs, see the Web site at
www.walmartstores.com.

Community grants awarded by the Duluth Wal-Mart last year included: Hopewell
Baptist Church, Norcross, $1,000 matching grant and $1,833

charity appeal grant. Berkmar High School Band Department, $1,000 matching
grant. Bethesda Elementary School, Lawrenceville, $1,000 bonus grant. Meadow
Creek High School, Norcross, $1,000 bonus grant. Sweetwater Middle School,
Lawrenceville, $1,000 matching grant and $1,000

bonus grant. Salem Missionary Baptist Church, Lilburn, $1,000 matching grant.
Gwinnett Fire and Emergency Service, Station No. 5, 1900 Five Forks Trickum

Road S.W., Lawrenceville, $1,000 bonus grant. Friendship Baptist Church, Duluth,
$1,000 matching grant. Rebecca Minor Elementary School, Lilburn, $500 literacy
grant and $1,000

bonus grant. Kanoheda Elementary School, Lawrenceville, $500 environmental
grant.

For additional information about Wal-Mart's local grant programs, call Lewis at
770-921-9224.

On ants and termites

Duane M. Jackson, associate professor at Morehouse College and curator of
invertebrates/research at Zoo Atlanta, will deliver the February Colloquium
Series lecture at noon Wednesday at Gainesville College's Continuing Education
Center. Jackson's topics of interest include insect behavior and physiology,
behavior-genetic analysis, comparative psychology and animal behavior in zoo
settings.

The title of his presentation next week is "Lifestyles of Ants and Termites in
the African Savannah, the Amazon Jungle and South Georgia." Jackson has been a
guest expert for ABC, PBS, A&E and CNN programs.

Competition in art

The Ninth Congressional District High School Art Competition, part of the
National High School Art Competition, will open Feb. 19 in the Roy C. Moore Art
Gallery of Gainesville College. A reception and awards ceremony is scheduled at
6:30 p.m. Feb. 21.

The competition is initiated annually by members of the United States House of
Representatives. U.S. Rep. Nathan Deal is the Congressman for the Ninth
District. High schools in the Ninth District are invited to participate in this
competition, with each participating school selecting exemplary artwork from
four students to be exhibited at Gainesville College.

From this exhibition, a panel of judges will choose the grand prize artwork,
along with second, third, fourth and fifth places. The grand prize winner, along
with his or her high school art teacher and a Gainesville College art faculty
member, will travel to Washington for a winners reception in June. The national
grand prize artwork will be exhibited in the tunnel leading to the Capitol. Trip
funding will be provided by the Gainesville College Foundation.

Business Alliance

The Suwanee Business Alliance will meet at 5:30 p.m. Wednesday at Burnette
Insurance, 3447 Lawrenceville Suwanee Road.

Dr. Bill Williams of Suwanee Dental Care will speak about his humanitarian trips
to Kenya. For more information, call 770-339-8888.

Red Cross training

The American Red Cross is registering residents for training classes in February
at the Gwinnett Service Center, 850 Hi Hope Road, Lawrenceville. First aid
(without CPR): Feb. 15, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., $35; Adult CPR: Feb. 18, 9 a.m.-1 p.m.,
$40; Adult CPR with first aid: Feb. 23, 9 a.m.-3:30 p.m. $55; call 404-876-3602
to register. A free orientation for Red Cross volunteers will be Feb. 25,
6:30-7:30 p.m. 770-963-9208 for information.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Having a heart-to-heart gift
With Valentine's Day just around the corner, Taylor Made Gift Baskets in Lilburn
is gearing up for a busy time. Employee Nancy Teas displays a Valentine gift
basket she's delivering to a client. / CHARLOTTE B. TEAGLE / Staff

TYPE: Brief

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                          FOCUS - 511 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Pittsfield School Committee debates grant writer post to plug funding gaps

BYLINE: By Jim Therrien jtherrien@berkshireeagle.com @BE_therrien on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 745 words


PITTSFIELD   As the total amount of state and federal grant funding to the
school district continues a relentless decline, the city School Committee is
discussing the option of hiring a grant writer to bolster or enhance educational
programming.

The committee was briefed by administration officials Wednesday on the
$6,804,161 in state, federal and private grant funding the system received this
fiscal year, which reflects a sharp drop from the $7,774,500 received the
previous school year   a difference of $970,339.

"We have seen a steady decline," said Kristen Behnke, the assistant
superintendent for business and finance.

She added that the Pittsfield system received around $11 million in grants just
a few years ago, and committee Chairwoman Katherine Yon commented that during
her years as a teacher the total was much higher still.

Officials said the district is not alone in experiencing a rapid decline in what
are primarily annual grants from the federal and state governments toward broad
educational goals   such as special education programming and student needs
assessment; preschool or kindergarten programs, vocational education development
or remedial language arts or math instruction.

That has placed more of an emphasis on obtaining more specialized or targeted
grants from both government and private sources, officials said, which prompted
a debate on the merits of hiring a grant writer for the school system and/or
city government as well.

Committee member Pamela Farron, disability services coordinator at Berkshire
Community College, said a grant writer there has been "invaluable" in working
with staff members in determining which grants to apply for, how to write an
effective proposal and in answering questions that inevitably crop up as those
administering a grant program wade through the considerable paperwork involved.

Cynthia Taylor, a retired educator who once worked on grant proposals, urged the
committee to "think outside the box" on the issue because public or private
grant programs could be "an important source of revenue" for the district.

Superintendent Jason "Jake" McCandless said he would research the idea further
but expressed doubts hiring a grant writer would be cost-effective.

Mayor Linda M. Tyer, an ex officio member of the committee, said the idea has
been discussed in her administration but finding one person with the knowledge
to deal with the wide range of grants the school system deals with probably
would prove difficult. Each of the grant programs "has its own area of
expertise," she said, referring to the several department heads who briefed the
committee Wednesday on programs they administer.

Farron said, however, that the grant writer at BCC acts more as an adviser or
coach to those seeking grants, both before submission of an application and as
the grant is in the administration and reporting process.

Deputy Superintendent Joseph Curtis said one problem he has seen repeatedly
occurs when a grant is obtained for a few years before the funding dries up,
leading to a "start-and-stop" effect on progress toward the educational goals.

The mayor noted that the loss of a grant source after a few years also leads to
a hard choice of whether the city should fund the program itself. She said that
issue always has to be closely considered when applying for a short-term grant.

Taylor argued that, particularly in the arts, a grant for a single purpose like
a theatrical event or events would enhance the curriculum whether or not the
funding was renewed long-term.

But McCandless said with the many cultural organizations in the Berkshires also
applying for grants, the schools might find themselves competing with a local
institution in the same program. He said the school already receives such
funding through local arts groups that obtain grants to operate programs that
directly benefit city schools.

Committee member Anthony Riello said a grant writer might be valuable in seeking
out and applying for competitive grants, but most of the grants school districts
receive come from government sources and are annual allocations based on a needs
formula or other calculations. He suggested seeking help from professional grant
writers in the area as an alternative to hiring one.

The committee will begin its budget deliberations for fiscal 2017 at its next
meeting. Action on a final budget is due by May 1 for submission to the mayor's
office and the City Council.

Contact Jim Therrien at 413-496-6247.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 512 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday

Grantwriting: a way to make things happen

BYLINE: By LAURA URSENY - Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 848 words


EDITOR'S NOTE: Bill Nathan died on June 29, but his business partner, Chris Ross
of Redlands, said the company will go forward, continuing to provide grant
consulting services locally. Ross can be reached at 1-909-792-0979 or by e-mail
at chris@harvest grant.com with any questions about the business. Nathan's wife,
Jessica, and their two young children reside in Chico. Contributions can be made
to a scholarship fund set up for their children, in care of Newton-Bracewell
Chico Funeral Home.

Bill Nathan saw an opportunity to help a community effort when he read the
Enterprise-Record article about a small group working to save the El Rey theater
downtown.

What Nathan believes he brings to the table is his abilities as a money
generator, feeling that there are grants available that could help with historic
preservation.

As any observer soon realizes, Nathan jumps into projects with enthusiasm, and
the El Rey seems to be no different.

In the El Rey case, the building constructed in 1905 could qualify for some
special assistance that Nathan thinks is accessible. The building is for sale by
its current owners, who originally intended to remodel it as offices, but a
group of area residents are trying to mount an effort to purchase it and restore
the theater.

Nathan is co-owner of Harvest Grant Consulting, operating from his Chico home
and linked with a Southern California partner.

Harvest Grant's primary focus is helping community and emergency medical
services programs find grants to purchase life-saving medical equipment
manufactured by Philips Medical Systems.

But the company works with any organization or business trying to find grants.

For the past three years, Harvest has worked with Philips as its "in-house"
grants consulting firm.

With Philips as his company's biggest client, Nathan says Sunshine Kids Club, a
Chico nonprofit program for disabled children, is probably the smallest.

Sunshine Kids is his only local client, but he hopes he can help other
nonprofits or businesses as well.

Having worked for grant-writing firms before, Nathan and his partner decided to
work independent of a large company.

Nathan found his attention caught by the El Rey situation, thinking his
background as a film screenwriter and contacts he developed might be useful as
well.

Nathan has been a board member of North Valley Community Foundation, and is
seeing what might be possible under that 501(c)(3)'s umbrella for the El Rey.

Nathan points out the benefit of having a local grant writer is that kind of
response time and interest. The same day he read the E-R article, he was on the
phone, looking for help.

Previously operating the business in the Bay Area, Nathan moved his growing
family in 2003 to Chico, which he discovered from visiting friends here. His
wife, Jessica Rose Nathan, creates jewelry in her home-based business, and takes
care of their two young children.

For 15 years, Nathan's career had been in publishing short stories, writing
poetry and screenwriting.

Active in environmental organizations in the Bay Area, Nathan wrote his first
grant for the Sierra Club in the 1980s, landing $2.5 million, he said. At that
point, he began thinking grant writing could be a profession.

Nathan trained himself by studying successful grant applications, and by
following grant directions implicitly. Having Internet access to grant
information also makes the research easier. He monitors www.grants.gov for new
grant information.

As far as compensation, Nathan said most grant writers use a pay-in-advance
system that charges a flat fee, whether or not grants are achieved. He calls a
remuneration system based on the percentage of grant money "unethical," and that
grant-awarding foundations frown on a recipient not using the full grant for its
stated purpose.

Most of the grants that Harvest Grant applies for   about 80 percent   are
government-based, and have ranged from homeland security funding to youth sports
and the arts.

The company also works internationally, for clients in Laos, Israel and Turkey.

In Turkey, Nathan's trying to help a group establish a women's university, and
has been working with a group that's trying to establish broad-band services in
Laos.

According to partner Chris Ross, the company landed "hundreds of thousands" of
grant dollars last year, which he characterized as a "slow year." So far this
year, the company has applied for more than $3.8 million in grants.

Together since their 2004 partnership started, their combined grant funding has
surpassed the $80 million mark, Ross said.

Nathan said he was excited to be able to help a local organization like Sunshine
Kids bring money from outside the area.

He also sees a community role in grant writing, saying it's good for a business
to support its community.

As far as the El Rey, it will have to be a wait-and-see situation if there's any
pay-off, but Nathan is confident that he can help in some way. Other communities
have been successful in restoring historic theaters, and Nathan believes Chico
can be another.

Business Editor Laura Urseny can be reached at 896-7756 or lurseny@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dominating grant writer Bill Nathan's office is a map of the United
States, with pins in communities with clients. Here, he "pins" Chico. (Bill
Husa/Enterprise-Record) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 513 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              July 15, 2007 Sunday

Grantwriting: a way to make things happen

BYLINE: By LAURA URSENY - Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 848 words


EDITOR'S NOTE: Bill Nathan died on June 29, but his business partner, Chris Ross
of Redlands, said the company will go forward, continuing to provide grant
consulting services locally. Ross can be reached at 1-909-792-0979 or by e-mail
at chris@harvest grant.com with any questions about the business. Nathan's wife,
Jessica, and their two young children reside in Chico. Contributions can be made
to a scholarship fund set up for their children, in care of Newton-Bracewell
Chico Funeral Home.

Bill Nathan saw an opportunity to help a community effort when he read the
Enterprise-Record article about a small group working to save the El Rey theater
downtown.

What Nathan believes he brings to the table is his abilities as a money
generator, feeling that there are grants available that could help with historic
preservation.

As any observer soon realizes, Nathan jumps into projects with enthusiasm, and
the El Rey seems to be no different.

In the El Rey case, the building constructed in 1905 could qualify for some
special assistance that Nathan thinks is accessible. The building is for sale by
its current owners, who originally intended to remodel it as offices, but a
group of area residents are trying to mount an effort to purchase it and restore
the theater.

Nathan is co-owner of Harvest Grant Consulting, operating from his Chico home
and linked with a Southern California partner.

Harvest Grant's primary focus is helping community and emergency medical
services programs find grants to purchase life-saving medical equipment
manufactured by Philips Medical Systems.

But the company works with any organization or business trying to find grants.

For the past three years, Harvest has worked with Philips as its "in-house"
grants consulting firm.

With Philips as his company's biggest client, Nathan says Sunshine Kids Club, a
Chico nonprofit program for disabled children, is probably the smallest.

Sunshine Kids is his only local client, but he hopes he can help other
nonprofits or businesses as well.

Having worked for grant-writing firms before, Nathan and his partner decided to
work independent of a large company.

Nathan found his attention caught by the El Rey situation, thinking his
background as a film screenwriter and contacts he developed might be useful as
well.

Nathan has been a board member of North Valley Community Foundation, and is
seeing what might be possible under that 501(c)(3)'s umbrella for the El Rey.

Nathan points out the benefit of having a local grant writer is that kind of
response time and interest. The same day he read the E-R article, he was on the
phone, looking for help.

Previously operating the business in the Bay Area, Nathan moved his growing
family in 2003 to Chico, which he discovered from visiting friends here. His
wife, Jessica Rose Nathan, creates jewelry in her home-based business, and takes
care of their two young children.

For 15 years, Nathan's career had been in publishing short stories, writing
poetry and screenwriting.

Active in environmental organizations in the Bay Area, Nathan wrote his first
grant for the Sierra Club in the 1980s, landing $2.5 million, he said. At that
point, he began thinking grant writing could be a profession.

Nathan trained himself by studying successful grant applications, and by
following grant directions implicitly. Having Internet access to grant
information also makes the research easier. He monitors www.grants.gov for new
grant information.

As far as compensation, Nathan said most grant writers use a pay-in-advance
system that charges a flat fee, whether or not grants are achieved. He calls a
remuneration system based on the percentage of grant money "unethical," and that
grant-awarding foundations frown on a recipient not using the full grant for its
stated purpose.

Most of the grants that Harvest Grant applies for   about 80 percent   are
government-based, and have ranged from homeland security funding to youth sports
and the arts.

The company also works internationally, for clients in Laos, Israel and Turkey.

In Turkey, Nathan's trying to help a group establish a women's university, and
has been working with a group that's trying to establish broad-band services in
Laos.

According to partner Chris Ross, the company landed "hundreds of thousands" of
grant dollars last year, which he characterized as a "slow year." So far this
year, the company has applied for more than $3.8 million in grants.

Together since their 2004 partnership started, their combined grant funding has
surpassed the $80 million mark, Ross said.

Nathan said he was excited to be able to help a local organization like Sunshine
Kids bring money from outside the area.

He also sees a community role in grant writing, saying it's good for a business
to support its community.

As far as the El Rey, it will have to be a wait-and-see situation if there's any
pay-off, but Nathan is confident that he can help in some way. Other communities
have been successful in restoring historic theaters, and Nathan believes Chico
can be another.

Business Editor Laura Urseny can be reached at 896-7756 or lurseny@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dominating grant writer Bill Nathan's office is a map of the United
States, with pins in communities with clients. Here, he "pins" Chico. (Bill
Husa/Enterprise-Record) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 514 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                             B - RealEstate Edition

Gravy train starts to slow

SECTION: REALESTATE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 684  words


Governments are still throwing cash at first-home buyers. But the party won't
last forever, writes Kamahl Cogdon

FIRST-home buyers will pocket up to $36,500 towards their great Australian dream
under changes unveiled in the state and federal budgets.

But they will have to be quick. The windfall will be scaled back after September
30.

The changes, aimed at stimulating home building, creating jobs and helping more
people into their first homes, have been applauded by the property and finance
industries.

Housing Industry Association managing director Ron Silberberg says extending the
federal scheme and boosting state grants will secure thousands of jobs and help
tackle the chronic housing shortage.

Mortgage and Finance Association of Australia chief executive Phil Naylor says
first-timers are snaring a larger slice of the market thanks to the grants.

``It's important that we don't see a sudden drop in new entrants, because they
are helping to sustain the market,'' he says.

First-time buyers of newly built homes in regional Victoria were the biggest
winners when the State Government overhauled its first-home bonuses in its May 5
Budget and the Federal Government announced an extension to its first-home
owner's boost a week later.

GRANTS for new regional homes will total $36,500 from July 1 to September 30, up
from the $29,000 now available.

Those who buy a new home in the metropolitan area will be eligible for up to
$32,000, up from $26,000.

But the bounties will drop to $29,500 for new regional homes and $25,000 for new
metropolitan homes from October 1 as the federal scheme is wound back.

Buyers of established homes will see the $17,000 now on offer gradually pared
back to $9000 next year.

Grants available to first-home buyers in Victoria consist of the Federal
Government's first-home owner's boost, and the State Government's first-home
owner grant, first-home bonus and first-home regional bonus.

The state scheme will increase the first-home bonus for newly built homes from
$5000 to $11,000 from July 1 until June 30 next year, along with an increase in
the regional bonus from $3000 to $4500.

But the $3000 offered to buyers of established homes will be cut from $3000 to
$2000.

The federal boost will be extended for six months.

It will provide $7000 for established homes and $14,000 for new homes until
September 30.

Both amounts will be halved from October 1 until December 31, when the boost is
withdrawn.

REAL Estate Institute of Victoria chief executive Enzo Raimondo says phasing out
the federal boost rather than stopping it suddenly is sensible and will result
in a ``smoother transition and reduce the pressure on first-home buyers''.

Century 21 Victorian manager Michael Baliviera says the extension has delivered
some breathing space for first-time buyers in the market for an existing home.

Limits on purchase prices will be lifted from $500,000 to $600,000 for the
first-home bonus and first-home regional bonus from July 1, and eligibility for
the first-home owner's grant will be capped at homes worth up to $600,000 from
January 1 next year.

Net link: www.sro.vic.gov.au

WHAT FIRST HOME BUYERS GET

UNTIL JUNE 30

ESTABLISHED HOMES

Federal grant: $7000

State grants: $10,000

Total: $17,000

NEW HOMES - METROPOLITAN

Federal grant: $14,000

State grants: $12,000

Total: $26,000

NEW HOMES - REGIONAL

Federal grant: $14,000

State grants: $15,000

Total: $29,000

JULY 1 - SEPTEMBER 30

ESTABLISHED HOMES

Federal grant: $7000

State grants: $9000

Total: $16,000

NEW HOMES - METROPOLITAN

Federal grant: $14,000

State grants: $18,000

Total: $32,000

NEW HOMES - REGIONAL

Federal grant: $14,000

State grants: $22,500

Total: $36,500

OCTOBER 1 - DECEMBER 31

ESTABLISHED HOMES

Federal grant: $3,500

State grants: $9000

Total: $12,500

NEW HOMES - METROPOLITAN

Federal grant: $7000

State grants: $18,000

Total: $25,000

NEW HOMES - REGIONAL

Federal grant: $7000

State grants: $22,500

Total: $29,500

JANUARY 1, 2010 - JUNE 30, 2010

ESTABLISHED HOMES

Federal grant: 0

State grants: $9000

Total: $9000

NEW HOMES - METROPOLITAN

Federal grant: 0

State grants: $18,000

Total: $18,000

NEW HOMES - REGIONAL

Federal grant: 0

State grants: $22,500

Total: $22,500

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 515 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 24, 2011 Saturday

Grants flow to city: Brownsville's latest is $1 million for airport hangar

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 828 words


Sept. 24--There's plenty of money out there, but somebody's got to ask for it.
That's the function, in a nutshell, of the city's newest division: The Office of
Grant Management, tucked away down a flight of stairs and around a corner in the
City Plaza building on Levee Street downtown.

It started in 2009 when the city hired two part-time grant writers. The purpose
was to ferret out grants -- which don't have to be paid back -- from various
government and private sources to promote economic development and community
improvement in Brownsville. The writers were placed under the city planning
department. One of them was Stephanie Reyes, who now serves as grant
administrator for the Office of Grant Management. She recalls that half the city
commission backed hiring grant writers and half didn't think it was worth the
financial risk.

"We came on board and it was kind of a trial-and-error type of deal," Reyes
said. "We brought in more than $5 million within six months. We kind of had to
knock on doors and say, 'We're here to help. Do you need help writing grants?
There's money out there. We just need to tap into it.'"

Once the grants actually started coming in, the floodgates opened: Suddenly
everyone, nonprofits included, was asking for help.

"We tried our best to help everyone out," Reyes said. "We were overloaded.
Again, there were only two of us."

Their early success lent them the credibility necessary to set up an actual
Office of Grant Management. To address the overload, the office started a grant
-writers' consortium and taught beginning and intermediate classes on grant
writing on the theory that "if we can't write them all we can teach others to
write them," Reyes said.

"The key to grant writing these days is collaboration," she said. "We have
several different grants where we collaborated with BISD, UTB, PUB -- the list
goes on and on."

John Rodriguez, grant manager, said collaboration is a much more effective way
to go as opposed to every man for himself, especially since money has gotten
scarcer and needs have increased across the board.

"You'll have a much better chance of obtaining any type of funding that way," he
said. "Organizations in Brownsville have always been able to obtain grants, but
now we're working smarter."

The office's most recent major score was a $1 million grant from the U.S.
Economic Development Administration to help build a new 20,000-square-foot air
cargo hanger inside the Foreign Trade Zone at the Brownsville South Padre Island
International Airport. The facility will be accommodate dual customs, meaning
both U.S. and Mexican customs agents will be located under the same roof,
dramatically expediting cargo flights from Brownsville to Mexico.

Larry Brown, airport director, said the airport had round-the-clock dual customs
until 1947. The new hanger will also feature refrigerated areas to handle
perishable items such as fresh flowers from South America and seafood from
Mexico. Brown said the Office of Grant Management was a big help in securing
money for the project, which had been in the works about four years.

Reyes said her office works closely with all city departments in order keep
abreast of their needs and priorities.

"We're continuously looking for grant funding," she said. "When we hear that
there's money available, we know right off the bat: Public works is looking for
this, or the airport is looking for that."

Reyes said her office is still awaiting word on several other grants, including
$23 million in FEMA emergency shelters as well as grants for local parks and
libraries, free Brownsville Metro bus service to the Brownsville Farmers'
Market, and biking/walking trails to connect all the city's historical
battlefield sites.

Rodriguez, who praised McAllen's grant management office for its guidance,
described Brownsville as "a sleeping giant" in terms of landing grant money.

"Statistically, throughout the state, the city of Brownsville has received lower
amounts of funding for a city our size," he said. "But because of the new
interest in grant writing and grant opportunities I feel that we're going to
increase our level of funding."

"Brownsville has a lot of potential, a lot of need," Reyes added.

Still, it's not just a matter of chasing down every dollar of grant money
available. Since grants often demand a local match of some kind, it's necessary
to decide which grants make sense to apply for and which ones don't, she said.

"We really sit down and evaluate whether it is worth it," Reyes said. "Is the
public going to benefit? There is money everywhere. There is. I could pull up a
list of all the opportunities out there today. But should we pursue them?"

"A lot of these projects, we need to see beyond tomorrow," Rodriguez said. "We
need to look at five years, 10 years, down the road."

___ (c)2011 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110924-BV-Grants
-flow-to-city-Brownsville-s-latest-is-1-million-for-airport-hangar-0924-20110924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                          FOCUS - 516 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

STUDENTS HONORED FOR AMBITION TO LEARN Spokane Scholars Foundation awards grants
to 24

BYLINE: Jonathan Brunt jonathanb@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5442

SECTION: A; Pg. 001

LENGTH: 841 words


Jeremy Ryan plays five musical instruments: piano, flute, piccolo, mallet
percussion and the accordion. He composed a piece, "Tension," in the eighth
grade that was performed by his school band.

But the $4,000 check he collected Monday night at the annual Spokane Scholars
Foundation banquet wasn't for music. It was for math. He maxed out of calculus
classes offered by Medical Lake High School, so he took Advanced Placement
Calculus BC online when he was a junior.

"He's very modest. You can't get much of a feel for his accomplishments by
talking to him because he won't tell you he scored extremely high on every math
test he ever took," said his dad, Paul Ryan, who sat next to his son at the
banquet.

Jeremy Ryan was one of 143 high school seniors honored  at the event at the
Spokane Convention Center. Administrators and teachers at each high school in
Spokane County picked one scholar from their school in each of six categories:
English, fine arts, math, science, social studies and world language. The top
four as selected by three-member foundation committees won grants from $1,000 to
$4,000.

Most have a drive and love for learning that goes beyond the topics for which
they were honored.

"It's amazing how much they work," said Louis Meuler, who sat next to his
daughter, Madison Meuler, a Lewis and Clark honoree for English. "It's a lot of
internal self-drive that I don't think a parent could instill in them."

Before her sophomore year, Jordan Willson asked her parents if she could move
from her home in Livingston, Montana, to live with her aunt and uncle in Spokane
Valley. She wanted to attend a more rigorous high school with more opportunities
in music.

Her mom, Colleen Willson, who attended the banquet with her daughter, said she
trusted her to make the right decision.

Monday night, Jordan represented her school, University High School, in the fine
arts category. She plays alto saxophone and flute, but she probably won't pursue
music as a career when she starts at the University of Idaho.

"I'm not going to study it in college, but I also want it to be part of my
life," she said. Instead, she's considering a career in journalism.

Juyun Phang, of Gonzaga Prep, was selected for a $3,000 grant for world
languages. She was born in South Korea but moved to Spokane when she was 3 with
her parents, who met at Whitworth University as exchange students.

Phang, who is fluent in Korean, studies Latin at Gonzaga Prep and hopes to
pursue a minor in the language along with a major in women's studies.

"It was less about learning the language and more about learning a history," she
said, adding that a strong Latin education would make it easier for her to learn
other languages still in use.

Fourteen colleges and universities in the region match the grants for a Spokane
Scholar's first year, including Eastern Washington University, Whitworth
University, Gonzaga University, Spokane Community College and Spokane Falls
Community College, Washington State University and the University of Washington.
According to the Spokane Scholars Foundation, the University of Washington is
the overwhelming choice of grant recipients, with 63 choosing the Seattle school
in the program's past 23 years. Stanford University and Whitworth University are
tied for second, with 20 grant recipients apiece attending.

As for Jeremy Ryan, of Medical Lake, he plans to pursue computer engineering at
Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering in Massachusetts, a school with fewer
students than his high school. And he'll continue playing music.

"Olin is small and has limited opportunities, but they have an orchestra," he
said.

The 2016 Spokane Scholars are:

ENGLISH

Collin Cremers, St. George's School, $4,000 grant

Kathyrn Grossmann, Mt. Spokane High School, $3,000 grant

Maggie Young, Central Valley High School, $2,000 grant

Naomi McQuary, Gonzaga Preparatory School, $1,000 grant

FINE ARTS

Kyle Thiessen, Lewis and Clark High School, $4,000 grant

Malinda Wagstaff, St. George's School, $3,000 grant

Isabel Morales, East Valley High School, $2,000 grant

Emily McFarland, Gonzaga Preparatory School, $1,000 grant

MATH

Jeremy Ryan, Medical Lake High School, $4,000 grant

Collin Dunn, Central Valley High School, $3,000 grant

Xiaoman "Jerry" Chu, St. George's School, $2,000 grant

Shogo Starr, Cheney High School, $1,000 grant

SCIENCE

Joshua Jenkins, Central Valley High School, $4,000 grant

Hailey Lister, Lewis and Clark High School, $3,000 grant

Abigail Colestock, North Central High School, $2,000 grant

Jackson Cooper, Gonzaga Preparatory School, $1,000 grant

SOCIAL STUDIES

Blythe Irwin, Lewis and Clark High School, $4,000 grant

Benjamin Magruder, University High School, $3,000 grant

Bryce Pointer, East Valley High School, $2,000 grant

Samantha Sentenn, Gonzaga Preparatory School, $1,000 grant

WORLD LANGUAGES

Nicholas Lin, Lewis and Clark High School, $4,000 grant

Juyun Phang, Gonzaga Preparatory School, $3,000 grant

Abby Horton, Central Valley High School, $2,000 grant

Catherine Cable, The Oaks Christian Academy, $1,000 grant

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                          FOCUS - 517 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday

Finance matters

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 687  words


It is interesting to note that there seems to have been an increase in the
number of successful grant applications recently, despite the recession and
increasing budgetary pressure on grant-awarding organisations such as the South
West Regional Development Agency (SWRDA).

Last month, for example, a £1 million grant was announced towards safeguarding
the iconic X-FAB business, and just last week The Eurotech Group  announced its
major expansion plans supported by a substantial grant from SWRDA.

We were pleased to advise both companies on their grant applications and are
looking forward to similar announcements over the next few weeks.

So, what makes a successful grant application? Or as someone once said to me:
"Dave, if you were a chef, what are the ingredients for a good (grant) cake?"

First of all, almost every grant scheme requires the applicant to demonstrate a
need for the grant; that the project will not go ahead without it.

Our recent Grant for Business Investment applications have demonstrated the
following examples of need: choice of location, reducing a funding gap, cashflow
shortfall and internal payback.

For property-related grants such as Gap Funding, the need for grant argument is
generally the difference between market value and build cost.

Even environmental-based grant schemes such as for biomass plants need
applicants to demonstrate a difference in costs between traditional fossil-fuel
based boilers and the biomass equivalent

All areas of the South West have access to a number of grants. Cornwall has both
the largest number of grant schemes and the highest level of funding, followed
by Plymouth, then the rest of Devon.

Some grant schemes are location-specific; others, such as SWRDA Research and
Development grants and Department of Energy and Climate Change or Carbon Trust
renewable energy grants, cover the entire region.

Next, there must be expenditure. This can be of either a fixed nature, such as
land, buildings, plant and equipment, or  a revenue nature, such as training,
labour costs and consultancy fees. The project could also comprise a mixture of
both.

However, in answer to the second most popular question I am asked: "No, almost
without fail, expenditure incurred before receipt of a grant offer is
ineligible." Grant funding is rarely retrospective.

Most grants are created to help make UK plc great again by providing economic
benefits in some shape or form. The most common one is employment.

Ideally, most grant schemes require job creation, but in today's economic
climate jobs safeguarded are equally important. Indeed, some 70 per cent of the
employment implications of our recent grant applications have involved job
safeguarding rather than creation. However, there must be a genuine threat to
jobs.

One recent change in grant priorities is the quality, rather than quantity, of
jobs. Several years ago, I was involved in securing grant funding for most of
the major call centres in Plymouth. Nowadays, most grant-awarding organisations
seek skilled, quality, well-paid jobs, so it is unlikely that a grant
application for a standard call centre would be successful today.

There is also growing emphasis on qualitative factors such as innovation,
economic outputs and the environment. Grant-awarding authorities increasingly
look for projects  which  will:

Help introduce innovative products, processes, technology or materials.

Demonstrate benefits to the region; e.g., there will be no negative impacts on
any local competitor or the market is wider than the South West.

Demonstrate a significant contribution to making the South West a low carbon
economy.

So, these are the key ingredients. The next step is to prepare the grant
application documentation. We will talk about the steps involved in a subsequent
article.

David Armstrong is based at Francis Clark in Plymouth and can be contacted on
01752 301010. Francis Clark also has offices in Exeter, Newton Abbot, Salisbury,
Taunton, Tavistock and Torquay. Francis Clark is winner of the 2009 LexisNexis
Best General Tax Practice award. More information is available by logging on at
http://www.francisclark.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2010 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 518 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             August 5, 2005 Friday

LAND-GRANT COMMITTEE SUPPORTS LAW-SCHOOL PROPOSAL

BYLINE: BEN NEARY

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 738 words


TIERRA AMARILLA -- The University of New Mexico School of Law should create an
institute to look into land-grant issues, an interim legislative committee voted
Thursday.

After hearing testimony about the history of the theft of land-grant lands, the
interim land-grant committee voted to endorse the idea of creating an institute
at the law school to examine the issue.

House Speaker Ben Lujá n, D-Nambé, said the Legislature needs to look at
appropriating the money necessary to fund a detailed study of the issue "and
establish that there was a collusive effort that was done."

The vote came after a presentation by David Corriera on the history of the loss
of the Tierra Amarilla grant and other grant lands. Corriera, a doctoral
candidate in geography at the University of Kentucky, currently lives in El Rito
and has researched several Rio Arriba grants.

In a slide presentation, Corriera said history clearly shows that corrupt
lawyers and government officials, known collectively as the Santa Fe Ring,
undertook an organized effort in the late 1800s to steal hundreds of thousands
of acres in the Tierra Amarilla grant. The ring employed a maneuver, which was
later used against other grants in the state, of having communal lands in the
grant declared the property of one person and then buying that property at
far-below market value.

Spain and Mexico made grants of millions of acres to their citizens in the New
Mexico territory to encourage settlement. The United States pledged to respect
the property rights of citizens in the area when it acquired New Mexico and much
of the rest of the Southwest in 1848 under the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
which ended the Mexican War.

At the request of New Mexico's congressional delegation, the U.S. General
Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, undertook a study of the
history of the land-grant issue in the late 1990s. The GAO released two detailed
reports on the land-grant issue in recent years.

The latest GAO report, released last summer, states that beginning in 1854 the
U.S. surveyor general and later the U.S. Court of Public Land Claims looked at
154 land-grant claims totaling 9.38 million acres in New Mexico. Of those, the
federal government ultimately confirmed 105 grants totaling 5.96 million acres.

Although the GAO report noted the confirmation process was difficult and
burdensome for land-grant heirs, it concluded the federal government afforded
heirs due process. The government is not under any legal obligation to address
the land-grant issue, the report states.

Nonetheless, the GAO listed several options. It said Congress could consider
issuing heirs an apology, consider setting up a trust fund to compensate land-
grant heirs or consider transferring federal land to heirs to compensate them
for their losses.

Concerns over unfair treatment and outright theft of land-grant lands have
simmered for years in New Mexico, particularly in Rio Arriba County, where armed
land-grant activists stormed the county courthouse in Tierra Amarilla in 1967.

New Mexico land-grant activists strongly disagree with the GAO's conclusion that
the federal government afforded land-grant heirs constitutional due process. "I
honestly think that the second GAO report that came out last summer was a
whitewash and shut the door on any legal work that can be done," Corriera said
Thursday.

Moises Morales, a former Rio Arriba County commissioner, participated in the
courthouse raid as a young man. "When they took our land grants away, they
destroyed our economic development," Morales said Thursday, noting traditional
land-grant communities now suffer from poverty, drug addiction and other
problems.

"I blame the U.S. government," Morales said.

State Rep. Miguel Garcia, D-Albuquerque, who chairs the interim land-grant
committee, said Thursday that he hasn't heard a word from members of the state's
congressional delegation about how they intend to respond to the options listed
by the GAO.

The interim committee intends to hold meetings around the state in coming months
to develop legislation to introduce in next year's legislative session.

Garcia said he believes the proposal to create an institute to address the land-
grant issue at UNM's law school would be a good step. He said it's necessary to
collect legal information "that establishes a pattern of corrupt collusion to
really kind of undermine land grant communities by taking control of the
commons."

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                          FOCUS - 519 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 28, 2009 Wednesday

Grant centers helping nonprofits find funding

BYLINE: Shelly Birkelo, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 933 words


Oct. 28--BELOIT -- Grant money can't be picked from trees.

Many organizations need it, but only those who know how to ask get it.

Two successful examples:

-- $30,000 to recruit churches and enhance program and service delivery to
homeless families through Hands of Faith in Beloit.

-- $3,000 to help buy a system to keep accurate statistics about senior center
use so The Gathering Place in Milton can apply for grants.

Boosting the success of the local nonprofits was the topic of a Grant Center
workshop at the Voluntary Action Center, 611 E. Grand Ave.

The difference between getting nothing and getting money is being competitive in
the grant-writing process, said Lynnette Newton, executive director of VAC.

And that competition is fiercer than ever, said Paula Schutt, executive director
of the Gathering Place.

"It's getting harder and harder to get grants with the economy, and ...
nonprofits' budgets are shrinking and depending more on grants," she said.

"There is less grant money (available) and more people who want it," Newton
said.

Success found

Jeff Hoyt, executive director of Hands of Faith in Beloit, enrolled in Grant
Center training in 2004 to tap into the expertise of Newton and her staff.

His time and investment paid off, he said.

"I worked diligently with Lynette and one of her staff on a federal grant, and
we ended up getting over $30,000. I was elated," Hoyt said.

The homeless shelter used the money to recruit new church host sites and support
congregations, he said.

Since taking that grant workshop five years ago, Hoyt has written numerous grant
proposals and estimated he's been successful in obtaining $80,000.

"I'm constantly writing foundation grants and have been successful enough to
where we continue to maintain operations all these years," he said.

Schutt took a Grant Center workshop two years ago and since has written one
grant proposal, co-written another and was awarded $1,300. The money, she said,
helped fund an intergenerational program plus the senior check-in computer
program. She has no doubt the workshop added to her success.

"There's so many nuances to writing grants and what you need to know. My skills
have definitely been sharpened. The workshop made everything easier," she said.

Skills learned

Hoyt has honed his skills in being concise on the grant proposals since taking
the workshop.

"You don't want to stray from the point you're trying to make and the point the
grant is looking for. In other words, really be focused on supporting statements
with facts and using facts to come to the overall purpose of what you're
applying for," he said.

Schutt said she might enroll in a second workshop because the first was so
beneficial.

"There's always new things to learn. VAC should be the first place to call if
you are in need of learning how to write a grant. It's been a wonderful resource
for me," she said.

Workshops focus on preparing for grant writing, advanced grant writing, fund
development, budgeting for nonprofits and fundraising. Workshops are offered up
to three times a year.

Benefits gained

Among grant sources are private, community and corporate foundations, nonprofit
organizations and county, state and federal government, Newton said.

To get noticed, proposals have to rise to the top.

"People are being more careful with their money," Schutt said. "When you apply
for the grant, you're telling them what you're going to do with their money and
why you deserve it over and above someone else. So having those skills to shine
the spotlight on your agency is really valuable."

GRANT-PROPOSAL WRITING TIPS

The Voluntary Action Center in Beloit has a grant center that offers workshops.
Lynette Newton, executive director of VAC, shared these grant-proposal writing
tips:

Details--Pay attention to details and follow directions. That's because federal
grants, for example, require a specific format including margins, fonts and page
limits.

"There are people who are paid to go through these proposals and reject any that
don't meet those physical formats," Newton said.

"You need to show that donor you respect what they want. It also shows you can
follow directions and would be responsible in spending someone else's money."

-- Accuracy--If you're writing a cover letter, make sure the address is correct,
names are spelled correctly and the person's gender is correct, too.

-- Write well--Make the proposal clear and precise.

"Clarity and telling a compelling story, making the writing flow and being
logical are much more important than emotional appeals," Newton said.

"You're inviting an investment and telling the grantor you want them to invest
their money in this charitable project, and if (they) do, these measurable
things will happen," she said.

There's also no reason you can't tell a compelling story with statistics, Newton
said.

"You can make people cry with statistics, but you have to have documentation and
it has to be clear," she said.

Make your proposal readable and not a page of solid words, Newton said.

"Break it up into shorter graphs to make it pleasant to read," she said.

-- Tricks--When you write your proposal, do it in the same manner you would if
you were to meet the grantor in person, Newton said.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091028-JG-Grant-centers-helping-nonprofits-find-funding-1028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2009 The Janesville Gazette


                          FOCUS - 520 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration: Grants Management Specialist,
GS-1109-13 ( Open to Status & VEOA Applicants) MAB FMCSA.M-2015-0004

LENGTH: 1400  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist, GS-1109-13 ( Open to Status & VEOA
Applicants) MAB

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration

Job Announcement Number:FMCSA.M-2015-0004
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, December 30, 2014 to Tuesday, January 13, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current or former federal employees with status OR
    Veterans eligible under VEOA

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

The Grants Management Specialist manages one or more of the Agency's grant
programs to ensure the efficient delivery of available funds and the effective
implementation of approved project activities. This responsibility includes
executing or coordinating one or more of the following activities: grant program
goals and objectives planning; grant notices of funding availability and
application evaluation criteria development; funding recommendation development
based on an evaluation of program and budget requests and supporting
documentation; grant award document execution; grant activities tracking; grant
funds reconciliation and monitoring; and grant program records management.

The ideal candidate will possess experience of the phases of the Federal grants
lifecycle. The candidate will have experience on the assessment and improvement
of grant program effectiveness and/or the improvement of grant program
management processes and systems.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be eligible for Status consideration & meet specialized experience
    Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date
    Provide all required documents by closing date
    Announcement may be used to fill similar positions within 30 days
    This position is telework eligible.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Grants Management Specialist, you will:

Coordinate with FMCSA Field and Headquarters staff, grantee representatives, and
contractor support staff, monitor the grant management system throughout the
grants life cycle to ensure delivery of efficient and effective programs
consistent with Agency and grant program statutory, regulatory and/or
programmatic requirements.
    Serve as a Headquarters resource for Field personnel regarding grants
management, oversight, compliance and fiscal management issues. Informs Field
personnel of grants management legal requirements, priorities and provides
technical assistance regarding federal laws, regulations, common law, and
federal financial assistance guidelines.
    Make interpretations based on grant policies; recommend new or revised
operating procedures for FMCSA grant programs. Implement process improvements
based on management approval and Agency guidance.
    Review and analyze State legislation and grants management practices to
determine compliance with the FMCSA's Terms and Conditions, grant specifics, and
regulatory guidance; inform OCFO, FMCSA Administrator, and when appropriate, the
OIG, GAO and other applicable law enforcement agencies and regulatory
developments; and brief top management as well as other agency personnel as to
current grants status.
    Prepare issue papers, justifications, briefings, testimony and other major
written and oral presentations related to grant programs and Agency initiatives
and activities for management, Congress, grantees, and other stakeholders.
Prepare responses to congressional and general correspondence concerning grant
programs and awards; participates in working groups on grant management and
related program issues.
    Engage in outreach and liaison activities with field staff to assist them
regarding concerns with all FMCSA grant programs that related to grantees such
as State and local government agencies, national organizations representing
these agencies, safety-focused organizations, and the motor carrier industry to
stay abreast of new legislation, policies, and guidelines.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the
specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the GS-13, you must have at least one year of specialized
experience equal or equivalent to the following:

Experience coordinating all phases of pre-award and post-award grant program
initiatives, including strategy and planning phase through applications,
awarding grants and the meeting of scheduled goals and financial management.

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual;
community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies,
knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that
translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all
qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.


CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
    You must complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

    Security Background Investigation: A background security investigation is
required for all selected individuals. Appointment will be subject to the
applicant's successful completion of the security investigation and favorable
adjudication. Failure to meet these requirements will be grounds for termination

    Time-in-Grade - Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next
lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300,
Subpart F.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your
final rating. Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your
experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you
select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package.
If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies,
and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, you may not be
referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history
provides enough details to support your answers.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://jobs.mgsapps.monster.com/dot/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId=2&jnum=7
0945


OTHER INFORMATION:
Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration.
For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career
Transition.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an
individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have
arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual's
employment experience will be used only to determine the person's qualifications
and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Although an individual's personal conduct may be relevant in any employment
decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of
dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen
through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an
unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must submit a complete application package (including resume, vacancy
questions and supporting documents) no later than midnight Eastern Time on the
closing date of the announcement.

To begin, click the Apply Online button on the job announcement.
    Follow the directions to register, submit all required documents and
complete the assessment questionnaire.
    You may review your saved application(s) at https://my.usajobs.gov.

If you are having difficulty applying online, send an email to transjobs@dot.gov
or call us at (202)366-1298.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
The following documents must be provided by the close

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 521 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Grants Administrator

LENGTH: 1045  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    Greater Lawrence Family Health Center
Location
    Lawrence, MA 01841
Industries
    Healthcare Services
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee

Grants Administrator
About the Job

The Greater Lawrence Family Health Center (GLFHC) is a multi site,
mission-driven non-profit organization with nearly 600 employees whose primary
focus is providing the highest quality patient care to a culturally diverse
population throughout the Merrimack Valley.[#x200b]

GLFHC is seeking a Grants Administrator to join our team!

Reporting to the Vice President of Marketing & Development, the Grants
Administrator will develop and implement strategy for an overall grant writing
function which enables GLFHC to expand its efforts in the areas of health
education, health screening, disease and injury prevention, innovative health
care programming, and capital improvement needs through successful grantsmanship
and grants management.[#x200b] This position is part of the institutional team
for advancing the agency's mission and strategic priorities and ensures that
GLFHC is in compliance with terms, requirements, and conditions of grant
awards.[#x200b]


Scope of Duties:

o Researches and explores potential federal, state, foundation, and corporate
funding sources including the interpretation of complex proposal guidelines
through the use of Internet and web-based resources.[#x200b]
o Prepares and writes competitive operational, programmatic, and capital grant
proposals that support the Health Center's mission while meeting specific
grantor guidelines.[#x200b] Develops narrative and budget components in
proposals as they relate to services, facility layout, office support, and
staffing patterns.[#x200b]
o Reviews, edits, and consults with Health Center staff assigned to prepare
clinically specific grant-funded proposals.[#x200b]
o Establishes, maintains and updates needs assessment data essential to grant
proposals being submitted by the Health Center.[#x200b] Maintains institutional
profile and updated information with funding agencies as needed.[#x200b]
Addresses changes in funding agencies' policies and procedures to maintain
institution's compliance with guidelines.[#x200b]
o Collaborates with Finance and Operations Departments to ensure
cost-effectiveness of program and address issues related to institution's
proposed contract including space and administrative considerations.[#x200b]
Reviews proposals and contracts with the Finance Department and Program Managers
to ensure proper commitment of institutional resources and compliance with
institutional and sponsor policies.[#x200b]
o Communicates with appropriate staff and managers in GLFHC departments as well
as with central administrators at other agencies, as needed, to resolve problems
associated with grants contracts and to complete grant contractual
transactions.[#x200b]
o Works with Finance Department to monitor contract requirements and to resolve
problems related to contract terms, budgets, compliance with sponsor and
institutional policy, and reporting.[#x200b] Ensures compliance with terms and
conditions of grant awards.[#x200b]
o Works with the Finance Department to train GLFHC staff in the details of
grants and contract requirements to ensure compliance and to maintain
eligibility.[#x200b]
o Participates in meetings, interfacing with grant funding entities so as to be
up-to-date on trends and to influence grantor policy in guideline
development.[#x200b] Acts as the Signing Authority on behalf of the
agency.[#x200b]
o Serves as primary liaison and contact person between funding agencies and
institution.[#x200b] Assists with electronic submissions by providing technical
support and serving as signing official.[#x200b]
o Facilitates projects with the Grants Review Team, which is comprised of
members from senior management.[#x200b] Works with staff requesting grants to
ensure proper completion of grant review form, and presents to Grant Review Team
with recommendation.[#x200b] Provides critical interpretation of complex
guidelines and contract requirements for Grants Review Team to ensure alignment
with institution's mission and priorities.[#x200b]
o Inputs data and maintains information tool that tracks grant applications for
quarterly and annual reports.[#x200b]
o Utilizes information tool to reflect progress with regards to newly
implemented agency performance standards and grant writing standards.[#x200b]
o Oversees and mentors a Grant Writer responsible for data entry, file
management, prospect research, and drafting smaller grant assignments.[#x200b]
o Becomes knowledgeable about the GLFHC Improvement Plan and the model for
improvement endorsed by the organization.[#x200b]
o On a regular basis, participates in ongoing quality improvement activities
related to individual, team, and organizational performance improvement.[#x200b]

o Travel between sites may be required.[#x200b]
o Performs all and any additional duties as assigned.[#x200b]


Requirements:

o At least three years full-time experience with federal, state, and local
and/[#x200b]or national foundation grants, particularly categorical grants for
health and human services, including completion of entire grant package for
funding.[#x200b]
o At least two years of experience with managing grants post-award, with an
understanding of complex reporting requirements.[#x200b]
o Knowledge and experience with the online grant application and reporting
process, particularly at the federal level; candidate should be comfortable with
technology and able to offer technical assistance in this area.[#x200b]
o Candidate should be an accomplished writer, who is proficient at directing and
managing a comprehensive, competitive grant application process.[#x200b]
o Candidate should have strong organizational, interpersonal, and communication
skills.[#x200b]
o Candidate must have the ability to work well under pressure, meet inflexible
deadlines, and set priorities.[#x200b] Preferred candidate has familiarity with
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) and/[#x200b]or Federally
Qualified Health Center (FQHC) issues and regulations.[#x200b]
o Bachelor's degree required.[#x200b]


GLFHC offers a setting that's fun, flexible, rewarding and challenging!  If you
want to enrich lives and your career at the same time, if you want to make an
impact to the community we serve, apply today!

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 522 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 24, 2002 Sunday

BOB SANSEVERE: Mike Grant's prowess suits his pedigree

BYLINE: BOB SANSEVERE; Pioneer Press Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 830 words


There are people who swear they once saw Mike Grant catch a pass in a college
game that was thrown behind him. Now, a lot of receivers have caught passes
thrown behind them. They twist their bodies around and make the catch. What
Grant did was reach both hands behind his back, as if he were about to be
handcuffed, and catch the ball on a dead run. Anyway, that's how the story goes.

"I had pretty good hands, but I don't think I did that," Grant said. "Then
again, let's go with it. If you're going to have something said about you,
that's not bad."

There's not much bad anyone can say about Mike Grant's football career. He was a
terrific tight end on St. John's University's last national championship team in
1976, whether or not he made that behind-the-back catch, and nowadays he is one
of Minnesota's most successful high school coaches.

More stunning that any catch Grant made is his record over the past seven
seasons at Eden Prairie High School. Since 1996, he is 86-3 with four undefeated
seasons and state championships in 1996, 1997, 2000 and 2002. The latest title
came Saturday night with a 21-0 victory over Champlin Park in the Class AAAAA
Prep Bowl championship. It was the Eagles' fourth straight shutout in the
playoffs and completed a 13-0 season.

"As good as we've ever had,'' Grant said. "We go to work a week from Monday.''

Chances are, Grant isn't done racking up victories or state titles. He's
genetically predisposed to success as a football coach. Maybe you've heard of
his father, Bud Grant.

"At this point, half the population doesn't know who he is," Mike Grant said.
"If you walked into a high school classroom and asked who Bud Grant is, a lot of
the kids wouldn't know. It's getting on 20 years since he last coached."

It's getting on 22 years since Mike Grant first became a football coach. Aside
from two seasons as St. John's offensive coordinator in the late '80s, Grant,
45, has coached high school teams. At the same age, his father already had taken
the Vikings to four division titles and the Super Bowl.

"Once in a while, I might think about what he was doing at my age," Mike Grant
said. "We went on different tracks. He went right from playing to coaching in
the pros. The track I chose a long time ago was to go into high school coaching.
I talked to (former University of Minnesota coaches) Joe Salem and Lou Holtz
about being grad assistants. That didn't interest me. I was a ballboy for the
Vikings growing up. That was a better job than being a grad assistant. These
Division I guys, they've all done that. It's the track you take. I wasn't
willing to do it."

That's not to say Grant wouldn't mind coaching at the college level, or even in
the NFL. Last winter, he interviewed with Mike Tice about becoming the Vikings'
special teams coach. "It was probably a courtesy thing," Grant said. "Mike was
looking for a veteran NFL guy, and I wasn't that guy. It was a short
discussion."

If Grant leaves Eden Prairie, where he's also the athletics director, it
probably will be to coach a college team. "At times you think about coaching in
Division I, and can you do it?" Grant said. "I have the greatest confidence I
can do it."

He's just not sure he'd want to do it.

"If someone offered me a million dollars a year to coach Division I, I'd have to
do it. But that's a tough job," Grant said. "It's seven days a week all year. I
like to go hunting. I like to go fishing. There are other things in life. I
really like Division III athletics."

That's where Grant most likely will end up if he leaves Eden Prairie, coaching a
Division III college team. If John Gagliardi ever retires at St. John's, Grant
would be a candidate to replace him.

Grant was offered the head coaching job at Concordia-Moorhead a few years back,
but turned it down. The last two times the University of St. Thomas had an
opening for a head coach, Grant interviewed but wasn't offered the position.
"They couldn't hire a Johnnie," Grant said. "Small college football is a
different deal. There are tremendous politics with alumni and everything else."

With Grant's success at the high school level and his coaching pedigree -- Bud
Grant is his father, Gagliardi his mentor --- any Division III program that had
an opening and let politics get in the way would be loopy.

"Some guys, all they want is to get to college. I spend no time thinking about
it," Grant said. "If the opportunity is right for my family, I'd think about
it."

At the moment, the opportunity Grant thinks about is coaching his sons, Ryan,
13, and Taylor, 10, once they get into high school.

"If I stay in high school coaching and it looks like I will --- nobody is
knocking the door down --- it would be fun for them and me," Grant said.

He was asked if playing for their father might be more pressure than fun for
Ryan and Taylor. "It's no more pressure," Mike Grant said, "than being Bud
Grant's son."

Bob Sansevere can be reached at bsansevere@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 523 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 24, 2002 Sunday

BOB SANSEVERE: Mike Grant's coaching prowess suits his pedigree

BYLINE: BOB SANSEVERE; Pioneer Press Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 787 words


There are people who swear they once saw Mike Grant catch a pass in a college
game that was thrown behind him. Now, a lot of receivers have caught passes
thrown behind them. They twist their bodies around and make the catch. What
Grant did was reach both hands behind his back, as if he were about to be
handcuffed, and catch the ball on a dead run. Anyway, that's how the story goes.

"I had pretty good hands, but I don't think I did that," Grant said. "Then
again, let's go with it. If you're going to have something said about you,
that's not bad."

There's not much bad anyone can say about Mike Grant's football career. He was a
terrific tight end on St. John's University's last national championship team,
whether or not he made that behind-the-back catch, and nowadays he is one of
Minnesota's most successful high school coaches.

More stunning than any catch Grant ever made is his record over the past seven
seasons at Eden Prairie High School. Heading into Saturday night's Class 5A
championship game against Champlin Park, Grant's record since 1996 was 85-3 and
included three undefeated seasons and state titles in 1996, 1997 and 2000.

Chances are, Grant isn't done racking up victories or even state titles. He's
genetically predisposed to success as a football coach. Maybe you've heard of
his father, Bud Grant.

"At this point, half the population doesn't know who he is," Mike Grant said.
"If you walked into a high school classroom and asked who Bud Grant is, a lot of
the kids wouldn't know. It's getting on 20 years since he last coached."

It's getting on 22 years since Mike Grant first became a football coach. Aside
from two seasons as St. John's offensive coordinator in the late '80s, Grant,
45, has coached high school teams. At the same age, his father already had taken
the Vikings to four division titles and a Super Bowl.

"Once in a while, I might think about what he was doing at my age," Mike Grant
said. "We went on different tracks. He went right from playing to coaching in
the pros. The track I chose a long time ago was to go into high school coaching.
I talked to (former University of Minnesota coaches) Joe Salem and Lou Holtz
about being grad assistants. That didn't interest me. I was a ballboy for the
Vikings growing up. That was a better job than being a grad assistant. These
Division I guys, they've all done that. It's the track you take. I wasn't
willing to do it."

That's not to say Grant wouldn't mind coaching at the college level, or even in
the NFL. Last winter, he interviewed with Mike Tice about becoming the Vikings'
special teams coach. "It was probably a courtesy thing," Grant said. "Mike was
looking for a veteran NFL guy and I wasn't that guy. It was a short discussion."

If Grant leaves Eden Prairie, where he's also the athletic director, it probably
will be to coach a college team. "At times you think about coaching in Division
I, and can you do it?" Grant said. "I have the greatest confidence I can do it."

He's just not sure he'd want to do it.

"If someone offered me a million dollars a year to coach Division I, I'd have to
do it. But that's a tough job," Grant said. "It's seven days a week all year. I
like to go hunting. I like to go fishing. There are other things in life. I
really like Division III athletics."

That's where Grant most likely will end up if he leaves Eden Prairie, coaching a
Division III college team. If John Gagliardi ever retires at St. John's, Grant
would be a candidate to replace him.

Grant was offered the head coaching job at Concordia-Moorhead a few years back,
but turned it down. The last two times the University of St. Thomas had an
opening for a head coach, Grant interviewed but wasn't offered the position.
"They couldn't hire a Johnnie," Grant said. "Small college football is a
different deal. There are tremendous politics with alumni and everything else."

With Grant's success at the high school level and his coaching pedigree --- Bud
Grant is his father, Gagliardi his mentor -- any Division III program that had
an opening and let politics get in the way would be loopy.

"Some guys, all they want is to get to college. I spend no time thinking about
it," Grant said. "If the opportunity is right for my family, I'd think about
it."

At the moment, the opportunity Grant thinks about is coaching his sons, Ryan,
13, and Taylor, 10, once they get into high school.

"If I stay in high school coaching, and it looks like I will --- nobody is
knocking the door down --- it would be fun for them and me," Grant said.

He was asked if playing for their father might be more pressure than fun for
Ryan and Taylor. "It's no more pressure," Mike Grant said, "than being Bud
Grant's son."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 524 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               December 12, 2004

Grants help destitute spring the poverty trap

BYLINE: Xolisa Vapi

SECTION: Social Issues; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1028 words



Grants help destitute spring the poverty trap

Far from creating dependency, social grants raise the odds of finding work

Study says families on welfare find jobs faster, spend responsibly and send
their kids to school

XOLISA VAPI

APART from alleviating poverty, the government's social grants system has been
found to be a key factor in prompting people to look for jobs and has also
encouraged school attendance.

This is the gist of findings contained in a report commissioned by the
Department of Social Development on "the social and economic impact of South
Africa's social security system".

According to the report, households receiving social grants have increased their
employment rates faster than families without them.

This finding appears to contradict an argument that social grants encourage a
culture of dependency.

The report also said workers in households that received social grants had
received more rapid wage increases than those that did not.

Commenting on the findings, Social Development Minister, Zola Skweyiya, said
they were "consistent with the hypothesis that South Africa's social grants
increase the supply and demand for labour".

Among other things, the study found that social grants provided potential labour
market participants with the resources and economic security necessary to invest
in high-risk and high-reward job searches.

"Living in a household receiving social grants is correlated with higher success
rates in finding employment. Workers in such households are better able to
improve their productivity and, as a result, earn higher wage increases," the
report said.

Skweyiya said the research findings were consistent with international
experience and studies of the social assistance programmes of countries such as
Brazil, Argentina, Namibia and Botswana.

"Poverty and its associated consequences erode the opportunities for children
and youth to attend school, generating a vicious cycle of destitution by
undermining the household's capacity to accumulate the human capital necessary
to break the poverty trap," Skweyiya said.

He said the report showed that the positive effects of social grants on
education were also greater for girls than for boys, helping to remedy gender
disparities.

According to Skweyiya, spending patterns in households that receive social
grants are more focused on basic necessities such as food, fuel and housing than
they are on other items like tobacco and debt.

Families that received social grants also showed lower levels of hunger, even
when compared with households with similar income levels.

Skweyiya criticised corrupt civil servants and unlawful social grant
beneficiaries who have been milking funds destined for social grants.

He said those involved in social grant corruption had three months to surrender
their ill-gotten gains, amounting to R1.5-billion a year.

Skweyiya said he would tomorrow announce a grace period during which those
siphoning funds meant "for the poorest of the poor" could come clean or face the
full force of the law.

This is part of a drive to weed out unscrupulous elements from the social
security system, which cushions a total nine million people from poverty at a
cost of R50-billion a year.

"We are under pressure to be more effective and careful because of the unethical
behaviour of some people who take advantage of the administrative inefficiencies
in the government," Skweyiya said.

He said social-grant fraud involving syndicates was "massive" and urged
role-players like faith-based organisations and the public not to turn a blind
eye to it.

"The grants are not open to every person. There are legal definitions and
principles," he said.

Skweyiya's officials are working with their health counterparts to tighten the
definition of beneficiaries, to weed out those who, for example, receive
disability grants for headaches.

In his announcement tomorrow, Skweyiya will outline grant categories most
affected by fraud, and touch on joint efforts with law enforcement agencies to
tackle the scourge.

Skweyiya said the government would in the coming year develop a tool to monitor
those who should be leaving the welfare system after finding employment or
recovering from a condition of disability.

The minister said it was difficult to implement this among all those receiving
social grants. But he said plans were afoot to flush out those who had found
employment in the civil service while continuing to draw grants.

"We are working with the relevant structures of the government to ensure that
these people are dealt with. We are working with the Department of Labour to
know who these people are."

The government is conducting an investigation into the rapid increase in the
number of people who receive disability grants.

While old-age pension numbers have stabilised, disability grants are the
fastest-growing category, jumping by 600000 to 1.3 million people in the past
four years, at a staggering cost of R10-billion a year.

Skweyiya said the findings of the investigation would be released in April next
year.

The report, released on Friday, said social grants had reduced the poverty head
count by 4.3%.

Compiled by the Economic Policy Research Institute, the report said the
child-support grant was the biggest poverty-reduction driver.

"Extending the eligibility age to 14 reduces the poverty gap by 16.6%. Combining
the higher child-support grant extended to age 14 with the full take-up of the
old-age grant and the disability grant yields a reduction in the total rand
poverty gap of 29%," the report said.

The level of poverty among the country's very poorest - those defined as
destitute - had been reduced by 66.6%.

Skweyiya described this as money well spent, except in instances involving
fraud. The report said grants had a positive developmental impact.

CHAMPION OF THE POOR: Money spent on social grants is money well spent - except
when in falls into the hands of fraudsters who steal R1.5-billion from the
country's destitute every year, says Minister of Social Development Zola
Skweyiya

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited


                          FOCUS - 525 of 866 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: May 1, 1988

                          HODGE TRADE WINDS LOUNGE INC

                                 2216 W 9TH ST
                             MARION,  IN 46953-1109
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 765-664-0926
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 753104284

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION
EMPLOYEES: A1 - 5

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    DAVID J. HODGE
     ·    ROY G. HODGE


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
5813 - Drinking Places, Alcoholic Beverag

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 20,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TAX LIENS:

     ·    Date Filed: 12/11/2013
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09792050
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  51



     ·    Date Filed: 1/28/2013
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09262786
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  611




     ·    Date Filed: 1/28/2013
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09262785
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,571




     ·    Date Filed: 1/28/2013
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09206796
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  611




     ·    Date Filed: 1/28/2013
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09206794
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,564




     ·    Date Filed: 11/7/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09262786
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  611




     ·    Date Filed: 11/7/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09262785
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,571




     ·    Date Filed: 10/24/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09094918
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  120




     ·    Date Filed: 10/24/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09127157
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  523




     ·    Date Filed: 10/3/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09206796
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  611




     ·    Date Filed: 10/3/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09206795
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  613




     ·    Date Filed: 10/3/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09206794
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,564




     ·    Date Filed: 7/30/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09127157
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  523




     ·    Date Filed: 7/18/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09094918
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  120




     ·    Date Filed: 7/11/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09074554
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,401




     ·    Date Filed: 7/11/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09074553
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,545




     ·    Date Filed: 7/11/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 09074552
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,294




     ·    Date Filed: 6/6/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 09020911
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,682




     ·    Date Filed: 6/6/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08918152
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,817




     ·    Date Filed: 6/6/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08850369
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,836




     ·    Date Filed: 5/23/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08971017
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  136




     ·    Date Filed: 5/23/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08930937
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,018




     ·    Date Filed: 5/23/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08859025
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  141




     ·    Date Filed: 3/28/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08930937
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,018




     ·    Date Filed: 3/7/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08918152
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,817




     ·    Date Filed: 1/11/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08859025
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  141




     ·    Date Filed: 1/4/2012
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08850369
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,836




     ·    Date Filed: 8/31/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08601481
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  621




     ·    Date Filed: 8/31/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08601480
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,950




     ·    Date Filed: 8/3/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08601481
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  621




     ·    Date Filed: 8/3/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08601480
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  21,950


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                          FOCUS - 526 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Duncan Banner (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday

Marlow approves new grant writer

BYLINE: Linda Provost, The Duncan Banner, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 693 words


Jan. 28--MARLOW -- The Marlow City Council opened their Tuesday meeting on a
high note with a thank you from Marlow Samaritans representative Cricket Holland
for all the help from the city, fire department and others give to the
Samaritans.

The council then dove in with discussion of entering into contract with Julie
Sanders, a professional grant writer and community planner.

Sanders said her time on the CIP community board and helping there got Mayor
Brad Boles, City Manger Jason McPherson and her talking about how her background
could help the city.

"A lot of time grant writers will charge you up front or by the hour and it can
get quite expensive," she said. "My larger community -- large grants, I would
charge by the hour but my small communities they just don't budget for grant
writing."

Sanders said she had been trying find a way to help smaller communities like
Marlow.

"What I've talked to Jason about is my grant writing would be free and the
research would be free but once you get the grant then a percentage of that
total amount would come to me," she said.  "Typically a $5,000 or less grant I
would get 8 percent. Anything over $5,000 would be 10 percent, but you'd only
pay me if you got the grant."

Sanders said most grants don't have a place to budget for a grant writer and the
city would have decide how to pay from the existing budget.

The proposed plan is the city council would find areas of priority such as water
projects or street improvements, and Sanders would find grants which could apply
to those areas. She would then give the grant she found to McPherson, who would
decide if the grant and its terms were applicable to the city. McPherson then
would bring those to the council for approval to pursue and submit.

"There is no up front cost to you and you'd only pay me if you get a grant," she
said.

Since being City Manager, McPherson said the city has brought in a little over
$100,000 in various grants.

"Grants have helped fund a lot of things," he said. "Why spend all our money
when there is money out there for somebody else to spend? It's a win-win."

Sanders estimates smaller grant valued at $5,000 or less can take anywhere from
15 to 25 hours to prepare because of data collection and writing the package
(the application, the plan for the money, etc.)

Mayor Boles said having someone who's job is grant writing would be more
valuable to the city than trying to have a city employee who already "wears a
lot of hats," try and add grant writing to their list.

"What I've learned, it's definitely a skill," he said. "It takes a lot of time
and work."

Joe Graham, Ward 1, asked Sanders what was the largest grant she had worked on
and successfully got for a city their size.

"I have worked with the City of Lawton in the transportation planning ... where
the grants were for 400-500 thousand," she said. "I was successful in writing
the grant for Lawton receiving their transit system and their bicycle and
pedestrian routes."

Graham questioned Marlow applying for grants that size.

Sanders said depending on what the city wants to accomplish would determine the
size of grants.

"I see the value to the grant writing," Graham. "I can also see lots of
questions if we paid someone $40,000 for a grant."

Danny Glover, Ward 2, agreed there would be questions but ultimately it would be
an asset to the city.

"There will always be people who complain and have something negative to say
regardless," said Glover. "My view point, having someone with the skill set to
enhance our award of a grant is certainly worth it."

The council voted unanimously to start a contract in the next fiscal year with
Sanders.

During executive session the council discussed changes to McPherson's contract
as city manger. After they reconvened the meeting, they agreed to extend the
length of time, should McPherson leave the position, of his severance pay and
insurance coverage.

McPherson said the change was just some added peace of mind.

"I plan on staying," he laughed. "They'll have to run me out."

___ (c)2016 The Duncan Banner (Duncan, Okla.) Visit The Duncan Banner (Duncan,
Okla.) at www.duncanbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160128-DJ-Marlow-approves-new-grant-writer-0128-20160128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DJ


                        Copyright 2016 The Duncan Banner


                          FOCUS - 527 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals:
Uniform Grant Application Package for Discretionary Grant Programs

LENGTH: 1128 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Food and Nutrition
Service (FNS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice invites the
general public and other public agencies to comment on this proposed information
collection. This collection is a revision of a currently approved collection.





 The purpose of the Uniform Grant Application Package for Discretionary Grant
Programs is to provide a standardized format for the development of all Requests
for Applications for discretionary grant programs released by the Food and
Nutrition Service (FNS) Agency and to allow for a more expeditious OMB clearance
process.

 Dates



 Written comments must be received on or before January 22, 2016.

 Addresses



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information shall have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions that were used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.



 Comments may be sent to: Lael Lubing, Food and Nutrition Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 3101 Park Center Drive, Room 732, Alexandria, VA
22302. Comments may also be submitted via fax to the attention of Lael Lubing at
703-605-0363 or via email to Lael.Lubing@fns.usda.gov Comments will also be
accepted through the Federal eRulemaking Portal. Go to
http://www.regulations.gov, and follow the online instructions for submitting
comments electronically.



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
Office of Management and Budget approval. All comments will be a matter of
public record.

 For Further Information Contact



 Requests for additional information or copies of this information collection
should be directed to Lael Lubing at 703-305-2048.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Uniform Grant Application Package for Discretionary Grant Programs.



 Form Number: SF-424 Form Family.



 OMB Number: 0584-0512.



 Expiration Date: August 31, 2016.



 Type of Request: Revision of a currently approved collection.



 Abstract: FNS has a number of discretionary grant programs. (Consistent with
the definition in 2 CFR part 200, the term &ldquo;grant&rdquo; as used in this
notice includes cooperative agreements.) The authorities for these grants vary
and will be cited as part of each grant application solicitation. The purpose of
the revision to the currently approved collection for the Uniform Grant
Application Package for Discretionary Grant Programs is to continue the
authority for the established uniform grant application package and to update
the number of collection burden hours. The uniform collection package is useable
for all of FNS' discretionary grant programs to collect information from grant
applicants that are needed to evaluate and rank applicants and protect the
integrity of the grantee selection process. All FNS discretionary grant programs
will be eligible, but not required, to use the uniform grant application
package. Before soliciting applications for a discretionary grant program, FNS
will decide whether the uniform grant application package will meet the needs of
that grant program. If FNS decides to use the uniform grant application package,
FNS will note in the grant solicitation that applicants must use the uniform
grant application package and that the information collection has already been
approved by OMB. If FNS decides not to use the uniform grant application package
or determines that it needs grant applicants to provide additional information
not contained in the uniform package, then FNS will publish a notice soliciting
comments on its proposal to collect different or additional information before
making the grant solicitation.



 The uniform grant application package will include general information and
instructions; a checklist; a requirement for the program narrative statement
describing how the grant objectives will be reached; the Standard Form (SF) 424
series that request basic information, budget information, and a disclosure of
lobbying activities certification. The proposed information collection covered
by this notice is related to the requirements for the program narrative
statement. The requirements for the program narrative statement are based on the
requirements for program narrative statements described in 2 CFR part 200,
Appendix I, and will apply to all types of grantees--State and Local
governments, Indian Tribal organizations, Non-Profit organizations, Institutions
of Higher Education, and For-Profit organizations. The information collection
burden related to the SF-424 series, and the lobbying certification forms have
been separately approved by OMB.



 Affected Public: State and local governments, Indian Tribal organizations,
Non-Profit organizations, Institutions of Higher Education, and For-Profit
organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 1,594.



 Number of Responses per Respondent: 18.03.



 Estimated Total Annual Responses: 28,742.



 Hours per Response: 3.94 Average.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 113,137.

     Annual grant opportunities    Number ofrespondents    Frequency ofresponses
Total annualresponses    Estimated timeper response    Estimatedtotal
annualburden hours

 Pre-Award Annual Total Reporting Burden    950    1    950    60    57,000



     Annual post award reporting burden totals

     Number ofrespondents    Frequency ofresponses    Total annualresponses
Estimated time per response    Estimatedtotal annualburden hours

 Post-Award Total Reporting Burden    644    38    24,472    2.26    55,307

 Grand Total Annual Reporting Burden    1,594    15.95    25,422    4.42
112,307



     Number ofrecordkeepers    Annual numberrecords perrespondent
Estimatedtotal annualrecords    Hours perrecordkeeper    Total burden

 Post Award Recordkeeping Total Burden Estimates    332    10    3,320    0.25
830

 Grand Total    1,594    18.03    28,742    3.94    113,137

 Dated: November 16, 2015.

 Audrey Rowe,

 Administrator, Food and Nutrition Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-29695 Filed 11-20-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-30-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 528 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals:
Uniform Grant Application Package for Discretionary Grant Programs

LENGTH: 1128 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Food and Nutrition
Service (FNS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice invites the
general public and other public agencies to comment on this proposed information
collection. This collection is a revision of a currently approved collection.





 The purpose of the Uniform Grant Application Package for Discretionary Grant
Programs is to provide a standardized format for the development of all Requests
for Applications for discretionary grant programs released by the Food and
Nutrition Service (FNS) Agency and to allow for a more expeditious OMB clearance
process.

 Dates



 Written comments must be received on or before January 22, 2016.

 Addresses



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information shall have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions that were used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.



 Comments may be sent to: Lael Lubing, Food and Nutrition Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 3101 Park Center Drive, Room 732, Alexandria, VA
22302. Comments may also be submitted via fax to the attention of Lael Lubing at
703-605-0363 or via email to Lael.Lubing@fns.usda.gov Comments will also be
accepted through the Federal eRulemaking Portal. Go to
http://www.regulations.gov, and follow the online instructions for submitting
comments electronically.



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
Office of Management and Budget approval. All comments will be a matter of
public record.

 For Further Information Contact



 Requests for additional information or copies of this information collection
should be directed to Lael Lubing at 703-305-2048.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Uniform Grant Application Package for Discretionary Grant Programs.



 Form Number: SF-424 Form Family.



 OMB Number: 0584-0512.



 Expiration Date: August 31, 2016.



 Type of Request: Revision of a currently approved collection.



 Abstract: FNS has a number of discretionary grant programs. (Consistent with
the definition in 2 CFR part 200, the term &ldquo;grant&rdquo; as used in this
notice includes cooperative agreements.) The authorities for these grants vary
and will be cited as part of each grant application solicitation. The purpose of
the revision to the currently approved collection for the Uniform Grant
Application Package for Discretionary Grant Programs is to continue the
authority for the established uniform grant application package and to update
the number of collection burden hours. The uniform collection package is useable
for all of FNS' discretionary grant programs to collect information from grant
applicants that are needed to evaluate and rank applicants and protect the
integrity of the grantee selection process. All FNS discretionary grant programs
will be eligible, but not required, to use the uniform grant application
package. Before soliciting applications for a discretionary grant program, FNS
will decide whether the uniform grant application package will meet the needs of
that grant program. If FNS decides to use the uniform grant application package,
FNS will note in the grant solicitation that applicants must use the uniform
grant application package and that the information collection has already been
approved by OMB. If FNS decides not to use the uniform grant application package
or determines that it needs grant applicants to provide additional information
not contained in the uniform package, then FNS will publish a notice soliciting
comments on its proposal to collect different or additional information before
making the grant solicitation.



 The uniform grant application package will include general information and
instructions; a checklist; a requirement for the program narrative statement
describing how the grant objectives will be reached; the Standard Form (SF) 424
series that request basic information, budget information, and a disclosure of
lobbying activities certification. The proposed information collection covered
by this notice is related to the requirements for the program narrative
statement. The requirements for the program narrative statement are based on the
requirements for program narrative statements described in 2 CFR part 200,
Appendix I, and will apply to all types of grantees--State and Local
governments, Indian Tribal organizations, Non-Profit organizations, Institutions
of Higher Education, and For-Profit organizations. The information collection
burden related to the SF-424 series, and the lobbying certification forms have
been separately approved by OMB.



 Affected Public: State and local governments, Indian Tribal organizations,
Non-Profit organizations, Institutions of Higher Education, and For-Profit
organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 1,594.



 Number of Responses per Respondent: 18.03.



 Estimated Total Annual Responses: 28,742.



 Hours per Response: 3.94 Average.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 113,137.

     Annual grant opportunities    Number ofrespondents    Frequency ofresponses
Total annualresponses    Estimated timeper response    Estimatedtotal
annualburden hours

 Pre-Award Annual Total Reporting Burden    950    1    950    60    57,000



     Annual post award reporting burden totals

     Number ofrespondents    Frequency ofresponses    Total annualresponses
Estimated time per response    Estimatedtotal annualburden hours

 Post-Award Total Reporting Burden    644    38    24,472    2.26    55,307

 Grand Total Annual Reporting Burden    1,594    15.95    25,422    4.42
112,307



     Number ofrecordkeepers    Annual numberrecords perrespondent
Estimatedtotal annualrecords    Hours perrecordkeeper    Total burden

 Post Award Recordkeeping Total Burden Estimates    332    10    3,320    0.25
830

 Grand Total    1,594    18.03    28,742    3.94    113,137

 Dated: November 16, 2015.

 Audrey Rowe,

 Administrator, Food and Nutrition Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-29695 Filed 11-20-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-30-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 529 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 June 15, 2001

The Union's Untidy Hero

BYLINE: Brian Holden Reid

SECTION: BOOKS; US HISTORY AND POLITICS; No.1491; Pg.32

LENGTH: 984 words


Ulysses S. Grant: Triumph over Adversity, 1822-1865 By Brooks D. Simpson
Houghton Mifflin 533pp, Pounds 21.99 ISBN 0 395 65994 9 THES Bookshop Pounds
20.99 Tel: 020 8324 5104

General William T. Sherman, an acute if opinionated observer, once wrote of his
friend and commander, Ulysses S. Grant, "he is a mystery, and I believe he is a
mystery to himself". Grant's personality has always presented challenges to
biographers. So, too, has the full and variegated nature of his career. The most
successful general of the American civil war, Grant also served as commanding
general during the tumultuous first Reconstruction years, and was elected in
1868 to the presidency for two consecutive terms - the only president to have
been so in the last half of the 19th century. Brooks Simpson has decided not to
try to compress all this into one volume, but to produce two, concentrating here
on his civil war career.

How Grant achieved such eminence puzzled his contemporaries. His career before
1861 had been a failure. He could not break his dependency on his over-powering
father, Jesse R. Grant, and his father-in-law, Frederick Dent (who never
overcame his suspicion that Grant was not good enough to marry his daughter).
Indeed, the only success that Grant achieved was his happy marriage to Julia.

Although Grant had graduated from West Point just before the Mexican war
(1846-48), he was never given an opportunity to excel. In 1854 he resigned from
the army, bored and disillusioned, amid rumours that he drank too much. His
business ventures did not prosper. So 1861 found Grant working as a clerk in his
father's store in Galena, Illinois. When the civil war broke out in April, he
re-enlisted as a colonel. Some of his contemporaries from the "old" army
continued to distrust his judgement. But Charles F. Smith, a divisional
commander serving under Grant in 1862, who had previously been commandant at
West Point while Grant had been a cadet, instilled self-belief in Grant. Grant
did not match expectations of what a commander should look like. He was scruffy,
disliked public speaking and overt wire-pulling. "Really, Mr President, I have
had enough of this show business," he told Abraham Lincoln after his elevation
to general-in-chief in the spring of 1864 forced him to spend several weeks in
Washington DC.

This triumph over the limitations of his appearance is a particularly
interesting theme. Simpson makes it clear that Grant was never a political
novice. Rather an astute operator who made the most of his political
connections, he even appointed a chief of staff, John A. Rawlins, who looked
after his political interests. Unlike other civil war generals, moreover, he was
always respectful in his dealings with the Lincoln administration. Even when the
president foisted on him a political adventurer, John A. McClernand, during the
Vicksburg campaign, Grant did not make a fuss. He simply out-manoeuvred
McClernand at every turn.

Closer acquaintance with Grant allowed many observers to recognise qualities
that were concealed by his modest persona and glimpse a more cerebral general.
But unlike other Union generals, Grant could do more than produce good plans; he
could see them through to a victorious conclusion.

He had an indomitable spirit that rose to overcome the awful moral challenges
posed by war. He instantly grasped that the one thing a general could not waste
was time. Consequently, he was decisive. He took decisions quickly and easily,
and then modified them in the light of changed circumstances. Grant proved
himself (especially while general-in-chief in 1864-65) an effective manager of
subordinates and delegated sensibly. He liked men who spoke their minds such as
Rawlins and Sherman (and later Philip H. Sheridan).

Perhaps the key to Grant's success was that he always looked for and ruthlessly
exploited any opportunities that were offered for offensive action. He rejected
the essentially defensive and reactive outlook that prevailed among previous
Union commanders in Virginia. Grant was a humane man, but he would accept heavy
casualties if the strategic end justified it. In 1864, the Army of the Potomac
suffered some 55,000 casualties. Yet these losses were not futile: Grant
destroyed the offensive capability of his great opponent Robert E. Lee's army of
northern Virginia, and laid the foundations for the victories of 1865. He
achieved more in three months than his timorous predecessors had in three years.
"There will be no turning back," he reassured Lincoln. Grant demonstrated that
running away from hard fighting does not save life in the long run.

Simpson provides a fair-minded and readable account of Grant's military career.
He offers a sensitive appraisal of Grant's achievements and of his relations
with his superiors and subordinates. Occasionally, the book might have profited
from a more analytical approach. Little new emerges about Grant's evolving
military techniques, but Simpson does offer new material about Grant's drinking.
Though he never answers the fundamental question, namely, why did rumours about
drink inflict political damage on Grant, while Joseph Hooker and others were
invulnerable (or impervious) to such charges?

Simpson also illustrates a curious paradox of current American military
historiography. While he accepts the broadening of the civil war to bring death
and suffering on civilians with no complaint, once decisions - even in
successful campaigns as against Vicksburg in 1863 - lead to sizeable casualties,
he begins moralising. "There was no excuse for Grant's behaviour," he claims,
after the repulse of the assault on the city on May 22. But even the best
generals make mistakes - and the lists might have been much longer if not for
Grant's skill.

Brian Holden Reid is professor of American history and military institutions,
King's College, London.


LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2001 TSL Education Limited


                          FOCUS - 530 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

Washington: Municipalities in Fiscal Crisis: Federal Agencies Monitored Grants
and Assisted Grantees, but More Could Be Done to Share Lessons Learned

LENGTH: 870  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:


Grant management challenges experienced by municipalities in fiscal crisis. The
diminished capacity of selected municipalities in fiscal crisis hindered their
ability to manage federal grants in several ways. First, reductions in human
capital capacity through the loss of staff greatly reduced the ability of some
cities to carry out grant compliance and oversight responsibilities. Second, the
loss of human capital capacity also led to grant management skills gaps. For
example, in Detroit, Michigan, loss and turnover of staff with the skills to
properly draw down funds caused some grant funds to remain unspent. Third,
decreased financial capacity reduced some municipalities' ability to obtain
federal grants. For example, both Flint, Michigan, and Stockton, California, did
not apply for competitive federal grants with maintenance of effort requirements
because their city governments were unable to ensure that they would maintain
non-federal funding at current levels. Fourth, outdated information technology
(IT) systems hampered municipalities' ability to oversee and report on federal
grants. For example, Detroit's 2011 and 2012 single audits identified IT
deficiencies in every federal grant program reviewed, which led to the city
having to pay back some federal grant funds. In response to these challenges,
the four municipalities GAO reviewed have taken a number of actions to improve
their management of federal grants including centralizing their grant management
processes and partnering with local nonprofits to apply for grants.


Federal grant monitoring and oversight processes. The eight grant programs GAO
reviewed used, or had recently implemented, a risk-based approach to grant
monitoring and oversight. These approaches applied to all grantees not just
those in fiscal crisis. The grant programs administered by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the Department of Justice (Justice)
consistently assessed grantees against a variety of risk factors to help program
officials determine the need for more in-depth monitoring actions such as onsite
monitoring visits. When program officials at HUD, Justice, the Department of
Transportation (DOT), and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) found
deficiencies through monitoring actions, they required corrective actions from
their grantees. However, in some cases, local grantees did not implement these
corrective actions, resulting in continued grant management problems. In such
cases, federal program officials took actions such as increasing the level of
financial oversight or withholding grant funds until the grantee improved its
grant management processes.

Actions taken to assist municipalities in fiscal crisis. The White House Working
Group on Detroit--an interagency group assembled by the White House to assist
Detroit--as well as selected agencies took a variety of actions to aid
municipalities in fiscal crisis. These actions included improving collaboration
between selected municipalities and federal agencies, providing flexibilities to
help grantees meet grant requirements, and offering direct technical assistance.
However, neither individual agencies nor the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), which was involved in the working group and has an interagency leadership
role in achieving administration policy, have formal plans to document and share
lessons learned from the efforts to assist Detroit with other federal agencies
and local governments.
Why GAO Did This Study

Similar to the federal and state sectors, local governments are facing long-term
fiscal pressures. In cases of fiscal crisis, municipalities may be required to
make significant cuts to personnel that may impact their oversight of federal
grants. GAO was asked to review the oversight of federal grants received by
municipalities in fiscal crisis. This report (1) identifies challenges that
selected municipalities in fiscal crisis experienced when managing federal
grants and steps taken by those municipalities; (2) reviews the monitoring
processes that federal agencies used to oversee selected grants to selected
municipalities; and (3) examines actions the White House Working Group on
Detroit and selected federal agencies took to assist municipalities in fiscal
crisis.

For this review, GAO conducted site visits to four municipalities in fiscal
crisis: Detroit, Michigan; Flint, Michigan; Camden, New Jersey; and Stockton,
California. GAO focused on eight grant programs administered by DHS, HUD,
Justice, and DOT. The basis for selecting these grant programs included dollar
amount and grant type. GAO reviewed grant oversight policies and actions for
fiscal years 2009-2013 and interviewed local, state, and federal officials,
including those at Treasury and OMB.
What GAO Recommends

GAO recommends that OMB direct federal agencies involved in the White House
Working Group on Detroit to document and share lessons learned from federal
efforts to assist Detroit. OMB neither agreed nor disagreed with this
recommendation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 531 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 30, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Grant Steps Forward, but Lewis Drops Him in His Tracks to Retain Titles

BYLINE: By BILL PENNINGTON

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1394 words


Michael Grant promised to come out of his corner punching, insisting he would
make the heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis fight.

Grant is good at keeping his promises. His strategy needs work.

Grant did indeed bull toward Lewis at the beginning of last night's title fight
at Madison Square Garden, throwing wild lefts and rights. Lewis seemed impassive
in the face of Grant's attack and answered with chopping right-hand uppercuts,
knocking Grant down twice in the first round.

By the end of the second round, Grant was no longer throwing punches, and no
longer standing. Lewis had successfully defended his two heavyweight titles with
a knockout just seven seconds before the end of the round.

The knockout punch was a right uppercut, thrown as Lewis draped his left arm
behind Grant's neck. In what was hardly a skillful fight, there was a lot of
clinching and clubbing inside punches as the experienced Lewis seemed to measure
the raw, unrefined Grant. Most of the fight was conducted with Lewis and Grant
shoulder to shoulder -- Grant throwing sloppy punches, Lewis waiting his chance.

"I was very surprised when he came at me," Lewis, who improved his record to
36-1-1, said of Grant. "I realized it was only a matter of time because I
realized I had superior hand speed. I could see when he was winding up, and I
beat him to the punch. I held my position so I could get a good shot. Every time
I hit him he went down, so I just kept hitting him.

"Styles make fights, and I don't get paid for overtime."

Grant, who is 27 years old and has a 31-1 record, said he was overeager.

"Charging at him was stupidity on my part," Grant said. "I tried but I just
didn't do the things I planned to do."

Grant threw several right hands at Lewis in the first 30 seconds and once missed
so wildly he nearly stumbled to the canvas. Lewis frequently tied Grant up, but
seemed unperturbed by Grant's assault.

Midway through the round, Lewis threw a looping right uppercut -- a punch thrown
under and around Grant's left arm as the two came out of a clinch. Grant went
down, but was clearly still hurt when he got up at the count of four.

The fighters clinched and Lewis held Grant with his left hand as he hit him with
three chopping right hands. That led to a standing eight count for Grant.

Grant tried to tie Lewis up, but was wobbly on his feet and was no longer
throwing punches. With slightly more than 10 seconds left in the round, Lewis
hit Grant on the nose and the chin with a left and then a right, and the
6-foot-7-inch Grant tumbled backward to the canvas again. He rose just before
the bell ended the first round.

Grant was still unsteady as the second round began, though he had some bounce in
his legs. It seemed more for show than any real vitality.

With 21 seconds left in the round, Grant and Lewis came together near the center
of the ring. Grant had his head down as he often did during the fight. Lewis
caught him flush in the face with a stinging uppercut, ending the fight.

Lewis retained his World Boxing Council and International Boxing Federation
titles, but was stripped of his World Boxing Association crown.

In the most entertaining fight on the undercard, England's Paul Ingle retained
his I.B.F. featherweight championship with an 11th-round technical knockout of
New York's Junior Jones.

Jones had knocked Ingle down in the ninth round, but Ingle, who was ahead on two
of the three judges' cards, came back early in the 11th, staggering Jones with a
flurry of punches along the ropes. Shortly after a standing eight count, Jones
fell to the canvas, though it was ruled a slip. Ingle kept up the pressure, and
with Jones unsteady on his feet as the round continued, Referee Steve Smoger
stopped the fight 1 minute 16 seconds into the 11th round.

Jones, 47-5, has lost three of his last six fights. His manager, Gary
Gittelsohn, said he had not discussed retirement with Jones, but that it would
be his recommendation.

Jones had predicted that his speed would be too much for Ingle, but in the early
rounds, Jones discovered what others in the featherweight division already know
-- Ingle is hard to hit. Ingle's style is not pretty to watch, but it is
productive and Jones missed Ingle repeatedly with his left jab.

Ingle was the aggressor and was landing the sharper punches, and by the seventh
round, Jones was bleeding from his mouth, his left cheek and above his right
eye.

But a little over a minute into the ninth round, Jones dropped Ingle with a
short right hand to the jaw. Ingle regained his feet quickly, though his legs
weren't under him for another minute. By the end of the round, it appeared Ingle
had regained his footing and he was moving well around the ring.

"I was drifted off late in the fight and I knew it, but I couldn't help it,"
Jones said after the fight. "I was backing up and that's when I got hurt."

Ingle improved his record to 23-1.

Arturo Gatti fought in another featured event of the undercard. He was forced to
weigh-in within 24 hours of his fight with Eric Jakubowski, but it didn't stop
Gatti from dominating Jakubowski, a late replacement opponent who was no match
for Gatti. Gatti scored a technical knockout of Jakubowski with 44 seconds
remaining in the second round, barely breaking a sweat.

Gatti, who weighed 149 pounds during yesterday morning's weigh-in, looked
sluggish and conceded later he was far from his best.

Jakubowski, who was added to the undercard Tuesday after the originally
scheduled opponent, Homer Gibbins, withdrew because of a medical condition,
connected with three left hands to Gatti's head midway through the first round.
But Gatti floored Jakubowski late in the round with a left hook to the head. In
the second round, Jakubowski slumped after successive right and left uppercuts
from Gatti and then was knocked to the canvas with an overhand right.

Jakubowski got up from that knockdown at the count of eight but wobbled across
the ring, and referee Wayne Kelly stopped the fight.

It was the end of an eventful day for Gatti, who was required to weigh-in at 9
a.m. because of his apparent 19-pound weight gain in the two days before his
second-round knockout of Joey Gamache in February. The original contract weight
for the Gatti-Jakubowski fight was 148 pounds, a move up in weight for Gatti. In
Gatti's first time on the scale yesterday at the New York State Athletic
Commission offices, he weighed 150 pounds.

Gatti left the commission offices on William Street in Manhattan for 15 minutes.
When he returned, he stood naked on the scale and weighed 149 pounds.
Jakubowski, who weighed 145 pounds, agreed to amend the contract limit to 149
pounds and the commission and the fight promoters gave their assent to the new
weight limit.

"Fighting at welterweight, I think felt a little harder," Gatti said. "I felt a
little slower and a little heavy in the ring but I don't want to blame it on the
weigh-in being today. But maybe it's because I didn't have time to relax."

Gatti said he would like to next fight Oscar De La Hoya.

"I think he's the best fighter in the world, and I only want to fight the best,"
Gatti said.

Jakubowski said body punches from Gatti late in the first round sapped his
strength.

"He's a hard puncher," Jakubowski said. "I think I hurt him in the first round
and then he got kind of excited and threw more punches."

It was two days before the Gamache fight on Feb. 28 when Gatti apparently
weighed 141 pounds, the limit set for that fight -- though there is some
disagreement whether Gatti remained on the scale long enough for officials to
determine an accurate weight. Home Box Office, which was broadcasting the fight,
had Gatti step on a routine bathroom scale in Gatti's locker room before the
fight. The network said Gatti weighed 160 pounds. Gamache, who was knocked down
three times, reportedly stepped into the ring weighing 145 pounds.

In the minutes before last night's bout, Gatti's lawyers and representatives of
the state athletic commission advised Gatti not to get on a scale that TVKO, the
network broadcasting the pay-per-view program, had set up near Gatti's locker
room.

Wladimir Klitschko, the 1996 Olympic heavyweight gold medalist, improved his
record to 33-1 with a second-round technical knockout of David Bostice.
Klitschko, from Ukraine, was making his American debut.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Referee Arthur Mercante Jr. counting out Michael Grant in the
second round of last night's fight at Madison Square Garden. (Chang W. Lee/The
New York Times)(pg. 1); Michael Grant, right, fending off a jab from Lennox
Lewis last night at the Garden. (Chang W. Lee/The New York Times)(pg. 7)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                          FOCUS - 532 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Nebraska: Grant Coordinator Job Number 7413

LENGTH: 1117  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


The State of Nebraska has issued the following job vacancy:


Grant Coordinator

Print
    Share

Job Details
    Apply

This listing closes on 8/15/2014 at 4:30 PM Central Time (US & Canada).
Salary

$4,018.92 - $6,024.67 Monthly
Location

Omaha, NE
Job Type

Full Time
Department

Commissioners/Administrative Office
Job Number

7413
Closing date and time

8/15/2014 at 4:30 PM Central Time (US & Canada)

Description
    Benefits
    Questions

The Position

Screening Process
    Successful completion of a criminal records check and a drug screening test.

Primary Function
    Under the direction and supervision of the Assistant County Administrator or
designee, the Grant Coordinator will work cooperatively with the following
departments and offices (primarily) to identify and pursue projects and funding
opportunities and to secure grants for specific projects: County Administration,
Douglas County Attorney, Douglas County Public Defender, Douglas County
Department of Corrections, Douglas County Separate Juvenile Court, Douglas
County District Court, State of Nebraska Office of Adult Probation and State of
Nebraska Office of Juvenile Probation. The Grant Coordinator will also assist
other County departments and offices with their grants on an as-needed basis and
as time and resources permit.
Primary Duties & Responsibilities

Perform grant research by identifying, cultivating, and soliciting grant
opportunities. Write grant proposals in collaboration with the various criminal
justice entities and other County departments as time and resources allow.

Perform or coordinate grant management and reporting functions.

Provide staff support to the Criminal Justice Systems Management Council
(CJSMC).

Develop working relationships with the various criminal justice-related (and
other) County departments and Courts in order to identify program needs.
Institute a process of program planning by completing an analysis of the nature
and extent of the departments' or courts' identified needs and reasons for those
needs.

Identify and inform entities of grant deadlines; timely complete and submit
identified grant proposals and reports.

Attend meetings, seminars and training as required by the Assistant County
Administrator.

Research private and government funding sources and present funding prospects to
the representative agencies.

Assist various entities in identifying program objectives and approaches.

Prepare and/or coordinate the preparation of grant applications to meet format
requirements using grant writing techniques that can withstand competitive
reviews.

Independently work with various entities to coordinate and compile statistical
data required for grant proposal program narratives.

Complete grant proposal budget development including consulting with the
departmental and court budget personnel to obtain budget information for grant
proposals.

Develop responsible timetables for implementation of programs.

Work with identified entities in considering future funding after grant money
ends, including project continuation planning.

Work with finance staff to track fund disbursement and develop financial
reports.

Monitor grant funded projects and their budgets to ensure compliance with grant
specifications.

    Institute project evaluation plan or independently maintain project
evaluations for grant proposals including collection and analysis of data and
dissemination of the information.

Effectively use Oracle, Word, Excel, grants.gov, Joomla, as well as other
computer programs, software, or sites required to submit grants, and perform
grant reporting duties.

Maintain grant-related reference resources, including grant application and
award history, grant reporting schedules, web-based program login information,
and other information as needed.

Take minutes at the monthly CJSMC meetings, prepare and email the minutes to
Committee members and maintain the CJSMC website.

Perform other related duties as assigned.

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Public Administration or directly related field preferred
or a minimum of an Associate's Degree in Public Administration or directly
related field.  Emphasis on grant writing and/or grant administration desired.

Three to five years* directly related experience with writing and administering
grants strongly preferred.

Knowledge and experience in budgeting and accounting preferred.

Working knowledge of the Douglas County criminal justice system and its various
departments and programs is preferred.

Must possess and maintain a valid driver's license and own mode of
transportation at the time of hire and throughout the course of employment.

    *Approved training/education may be substituted for up to two years of the
work experience.

Physical Requirements & Working Conditions

The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are
representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform
the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to
enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

    Work is generally performed indoors in an office setting during standard
day-shift hours, however work hours will include varied hours and/or additional
hours as needed. Noise level is usually moderate. Work may be fast-paced when
dealing with multiple priorities and/or time constraints.

    Work requires some physical activity, including extended periods of sitting
and standing, frequent walking, carrying and climbing stairs, and occasional
balancing, kneeling, bending, and reaching. An incumbent must have the ability
to transport themselves to and from various locations throughout the Department,
metropolitan area and other locations. An incumbent must have the ability to
frequently lift and/or carry files, instructional materials and equipment
weighing up to 25 pounds and to occasionally lift and carry equipment and other
materials weighing up to 50 pounds. An incumbent must possess the hand-eye
coordination and manual dexterity necessary to operate computers and other
equipment used to perform the essential functions of this job.

    Required sensory abilities include vision, hearing and touch. Visual
abilities, correctable to normal ranges, include close vision, distance vision,
and the ability to adjust focus. Communication abilities include the ability to
talk and hear within normal ranges.

Agency
    Douglas County (NE)
Phone
    402-444-6188
Website
    http://www.douglascounty-ne.gov/hr/

Address
    1819 Farnam Street, Suite 505

Omaha, Nebraska, 68183.

For further information please visit: https://www.governmentjobs.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 533 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                           May 3, 1994, CITY EDITION

QUESTIONS & ANSWER

BYLINE: By CHRISTINA MURPHY

SECTION: EDUCATION & LIVING; Pg. Supplement page 9

LENGTH: 1269 words


Q: You recently wrote about covenanting and grant applicants and said that the
official line was that a covenant should not interfere with a student's grant
eligibility. Well, in our case, our family income did qualify my son for a
grant, but because his older working brother had covenanted Pounds 2,000 to him,
it brought us above the income limit and he was refused a grant. Perhaps you
could check further? Co Dublin parent

A: I went back to the oracle on grants in the Department of Education who very
kindly agreed to look into the whole business of covenanting in more detail for
Q&A. The result is as follows: yes, it is true that the grant application form
does mention covenants and says that they should be declared. If the covenant is
from the parents to the child, then it does not affect grant elegibility, as the
covenanted money comes from the family income in any case.

However, if someone other than the parents covenants to the student, then this
is regarded as additional ink come and can be added on to the family income for
grant assessment purposes; hence the Pounds 2,000 covenanted by your son was
taken into account.

The whole thing strikes me as daft: if the family income is below the grant
eligibility level, then surely the student should qualify for a grant. But
everybody accepts that the amount of the grant is not enough to maintain a
student for the full college year, so why should a family be penalised if an
older brother decides to covenant some of his income to subsidise his brother's
grant?

It would seem me, as grant aided students seem to be rarely reassessed after the
first year, that this kind of thing is an open invitation to grant applicants to
tell their grandmothers, older brothers or whatever to hold off and covenant to
them only after they have been assessed for grant eligibility.

I've also had some further enquiries on the status of students' part time or
summer job income with regard to grant eligibility and the oracle is
investigating this for us at the moment. Q&A will bring you further information
as soon as we have it.

Q: My son has been at boarding school in the UK scholarship for the past four
years and sits his A Levels this year. He is seeking a place in a British
university. As he has been resident in the UK for two thirds of the year over
the past four years, will this make him eligible for a British maintenance
grant?  Co Meath mother

A: No, it won't, I'm afraid. The British regulations they apply in England,
Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland state that to be eligible for a maintenance
grant an applicant must have been resident in the UK for the three years prior
to application. But "residence" means family residence; boarding school does not
count as residence because, of course, your son's family base is still in
Ireland.

It's logical when you think about it. If attending boarding school in England
were regarded as "residence" then the British authorities would have to pay
maintenance grants to every millionaire Arab sheik or Indian prince's son who
attended boarding school in England.

Indeed the same rules applies to British citizens who are resident abroad
despite being British citizens, if they have not been resident in the UK for the
previous three years they do not qualify.

The regulations here in Ireland are no different. American, British or Spanish
students attending boarding school here do not qualify for a Higher Education
Grant from our authorities, either. As an EU citizen, your son will have his
fees paid by the relevant local authority in the UK, but will not qualify for a
maintenance grant.

I don't know whether your family income would qualify you for a Higher Education
Grant here, but if it did this is an area where it seems to me discrimination
does exist. If your son qualified for the HEG, for example, the Irish
authorities would not pay it to him if he went to study outside of Ireland. This
is surely in breach of the spirit of EU recommendations on removing barriers to
students studying in other member states.

Q: I am 25 years old and graduated from university with a degree least year. I
would now like to return to college to take a B.Ed degree. As a 25 year old
living away from home, I assume that I would qualify for the mature students
grant. But does having done a degree already disqualify me? And if I were on the
dole, could I continue to receive my dole payments? mature student, Dundalk

A: I think you already you suspected the answer yourself. The idea of the mature
student's grant is to help students who didn't manage to get to college on
leaving school. So, it does not apply to people who have had a degree already.
That would effectively amount to grant aiding you twice to do the same thing
(even though the degrees are different).

The same rules apply to school leavers qualify for a grant they will not be
given a grant to do a second undergraduate degree for example and if they fail
one year of a course and have to repeat they do not get paid their grant for the
repeat year on the basis that you can only be grant aided once for each year.

With regard to the dole: theoretically people who are long term unemployed- a
year or more, can, in certain circumstances go to college and continue to
collect their dole.  This operates as a special scheme under the Department of
Social Welfare and you would need to take it up with your local social welfare
office though I expect that the same rules apply regarding a second
undergraduate degree.

The idea behind this scheme is also to help people who have not had the chance
to further their education before or who by taking a course, could make them-
selves re employable.

Q: My son is doing first year science in university but he is not very motivated
and I am not sure he will do well in his exams. I know he could repeat the year
if he fails, but I am wondering if we should get him to reapply for a different
course through the CAO/CAS before the closing date. He doesn't really know what
to do himself. What would you suggest?  Co Wexford parent

A: First, I think it is a good idea to get another CAO/CAS application in before
the late closing date (May 1 st), just in case.  It can't do any harm and if you
don't get it in, you are closing off several options. If he does put it in, he
still has up to July 1st to change his course choices, so that gives him more
time to think about it and he may know his first exam results by then or have an
idea how he did in the exam.

From your letter I gather that anything the humanities/arts realm is definitely
not his thing, so he would be wise not to pursue anything in that direction. As
he is so undecided about what he wants to do, perhaps the best thing would be to
hang in with the science degree and then decide what to specialise in at
postgraduate level.

Or perhaps it is the academic nature of the university science degree which is
boring him. Perhaps he might do better in a more practical, applied science
course in the DIT or an RTC? Or has he though about some of the RTC/DIT
engineering or computing courses?  I'd get a copy of the NCEA Guide to Approved
Courses, if I were you it's published by the National Council for educational
Awards at 26 Mountjoy Square, Dublin (Pounds 4 including postage).

It provides a handy and readable overview of the RTC and most DIT courses; just
browsing through it can prompt ideas that you or your son might never have
thought about otherwise. It also gives some idea of the careers and jobs which
the different courses can lead to.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1994 The Irish Times


                          FOCUS - 534 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Fort Morgan Times (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Locals learn about stimulus grants at MCC

BYLINE: Dan Barker, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 898 words


Mar. 16--Stimulus money was on the minds of representatives of a number of
school districts and nonprofit organizations who crowded Bloedorn Hall at Morgan
Community College on Friday.

Billions of dollars in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act grants are still
available for various programs, said Helen Littlejohn of the Office of
Communications and Outreach for the U.S. Department of Education.

She was not the only representative from government agencies.

Julie Scruby, a specialist for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development agency, talked about business and cooperative programs; Zane
Kessler, grants coordinator for U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, talked about
congressional assistance with the grants process; Mark Skinner, a senior program
officer for AmeriCorps, talked about the Governor's Commission on Community
Service; Ashley Kaspraz, vice president of design and innovation at JVA
Consultants, talked about tips and tricks of grant writing; and Jackie Reynolds,
executive director of Rural Solutions, talked about nonprofit resources in rural
Colorado.

Representatives of the Fort Morgan School District, Caring Ministries of Morgan
County, the Northeast Colorado Health Department, Eben Ezer Lutheran Care
Center, OneMorgan County, The Production Co. and MCC were from Morgan County,
and a number of school districts, community colleges, towns and other nonprofits
had people there to look at the possibility of accessing some federal money for
local projects.

Federal money comes in two different categories: discretionary programs and
formula programs, Littlejohn said.

Formula programs are dealt with directly by governmental systems, which dole
them out based on population and priority, she said.

However, discretionary programs offer the opportunity for schools and nonprofits
to try to receive grants which can be used for special projects, Littlejohn
said.

Organizations must be registered with the federal government and have
authentication, but they can then apply for grants in a variety of ways,
including online, she said.

Littlejohn said several Web sites offer information about the latest grants
available, including www.grants.gov, http://e-grants.ed.gov, www.ed.gov and
www.fns.usda.gov.

The www.ed.gov site offers a forecast of funding, which lets potential grant
writers know what is out there right now, she said. Often those grants are also
listed in their parent agencies, but this site offers the chance to see them all
and search for specific types of grants by agency, individual, institutions and
state.

It is key to make sure grant writers find the answers to certain questions,
Littlejohn said.

First and foremost is the deadline, she said. If a grant application comes in
even a day late it will not be considered, and the date is judged by when the
application is received, not by the postmark.

That means it is best to make sure the grant writer sets his or her own deadline
well before the official deadline, because there are no excuses accepted for
accidents or problems, Littlejohn said.

It is extremely frustrating to do all the work necessary for a grant to have it
be thrown aside because of not meeting the deadline, she emphasized.

Grant writers also need to determine who is eligible for the grants, the dollar
amount and the anticipated number of funded projects, Littlejohn said.

Sometimes it does not make sense to apply for a small amount of money if the
particular grant is meant for large amounts, and vice versa, she said.

Those who want grant money also need to carefully consider the key requirements
in a grant, Littlejohn said. If a grant needs matching funds, for instance, it
is useless to apply without mention of them.

A number of grant opportunities have already closed, but there are still some
out there, she said.

One kudo she gave was for the Colorado Department of Education making the cut
for the next round of competitors for the Race to the Top, President Barack
Obama's education initiative to spend billions of dollars meant to create
innovation in schools.

There is also $650 million for the Investing in Innovation program, as well as
$439 million for the federal teacher incentive fund, Littlejohn said.

Grants are available to help smaller learning communities to prepare all
students to succeed in postsecondary education, to prevent dropouts, to enhance
community learning centers and for snacks and meals for after-school programs,
she said.

Colorado will have more than $535 million for postsecondary education programs
from ARRA, more than $171 for special education, more than $155 million to
support college and career-ready students and

more than $128 million for programs to create effective teachers and leaders,
Littlejohn said.

Included are grants to help students attend college, she said.

Those at the grants workshop also received handouts to help them find grant
opportunities and to give them tips on writing applications.

-- Contact Dan Barker at business@fmtimes.com

To see more of The Fort Morgan Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fortmorgantimes.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100316-FQ-Locals-learn-about-stimulus-grants-at-MCC-0316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FQ


                      Copyright 2010 The Fort Morgan Times


                          FOCUS - 535 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

Washington: Municipalities in Fiscal Crisis: Federal Agencies Monitored Grants
and Assisted Grantees, but More Could Be Done to Share Lessons Learned

LENGTH: 870  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

Grant management challenges experienced by municipalities in fiscal crisis. The
diminished capacity of selected municipalities in fiscal crisis hindered their
ability to manage federal grants in several ways. First, reductions in human
capital capacity through the loss of staff greatly reduced the ability of some
cities to carry out grant compliance and oversight responsibilities. Second, the
loss of human capital capacity also led to grant management skills gaps. For
example, in Detroit, Michigan, loss and turnover of staff with the skills to
properly draw down funds caused some grant funds to remain unspent. Third,
decreased financial capacity reduced some municipalities' ability to obtain
federal grants. For example, both Flint, Michigan, and Stockton, California, did
not apply for competitive federal grants with maintenance of effort requirements
because their city governments were unable to ensure that they would maintain
non-federal funding at current levels. Fourth, outdated information technology
(IT) systems hampered municipalities' ability to oversee and report on federal
grants. For example, Detroit's 2011 and 2012 single audits identified IT
deficiencies in every federal grant program reviewed, which led to the city
having to pay back some federal grant funds. In response to these challenges,
the four municipalities GAO reviewed have taken a number of actions to improve
their management of federal grants including centralizing their grant management
processes and partnering with local nonprofits to apply for grants.

Federal grant monitoring and oversight processes. The eight grant programs GAO
reviewed used, or had recently implemented, a risk-based approach to grant
monitoring and oversight. These approaches applied to all grantees not just
those in fiscal crisis. The grant programs administered by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the Department of Justice (Justice)
consistently assessed grantees against a variety of risk factors to help program
officials determine the need for more in-depth monitoring actions such as onsite
monitoring visits. When program officials at HUD, Justice, the Department of
Transportation (DOT), and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) found
deficiencies through monitoring actions, they required corrective actions from
their grantees. However, in some cases, local grantees did not implement these
corrective actions, resulting in continued grant management problems. In such
cases, federal program officials took actions such as increasing the level of
financial oversight or withholding grant funds until the grantee improved its
grant management processes.

Actions taken to assist municipalities in fiscal crisis. The White House Working
Group on Detroit--an interagency group assembled by the White House to assist
Detroit--as well as selected agencies took a variety of actions to aid
municipalities in fiscal crisis. These actions included improving collaboration
between selected municipalities and federal agencies, providing flexibilities to
help grantees meet grant requirements, and offering direct technical assistance.
However, neither individual agencies nor the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), which was involved in the working group and has an interagency leadership
role in achieving administration policy, have formal plans to document and share
lessons learned from the efforts to assist Detroit with other federal agencies
and local governments.
Why GAO Did This Study

Similar to the federal and state sectors, local governments are facing long-term
fiscal pressures. In cases of fiscal crisis, municipalities may be required to
make significant cuts to personnel that may impact their oversight of federal
grants. GAO was asked to review the oversight of federal grants received by
municipalities in fiscal crisis. This report (1) identifies challenges that
selected municipalities in fiscal crisis experienced when managing federal
grants and steps taken by those municipalities; (2) reviews the monitoring
processes that federal agencies used to oversee selected grants to selected
municipalities; and (3) examines actions the White House Working Group on
Detroit and selected federal agencies took to assist municipalities in fiscal
crisis.

For this review, GAO conducted site visits to four municipalities in fiscal
crisis: Detroit, Michigan; Flint, Michigan; Camden, New Jersey; and Stockton,
California. GAO focused on eight grant programs administered by DHS, HUD,
Justice, and DOT. The basis for selecting these grant programs included dollar
amount and grant type. GAO reviewed grant oversight policies and actions for
fiscal years 2009-2013 and interviewed local, state, and federal officials,
including those at Treasury and OMB.
What GAO Recommends

GAO recommends that OMB direct federal agencies involved in the White House
Working Group on Detroit to document and share lessons learned from federal
efforts to assist Detroit. OMB neither agreed nor disagreed with this
recommendation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 536 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 24, 2015 Monday

Arts grants awarded by SEMAC

BYLINE: Tom Weber, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 316 words


Aug. 24--The Southeastern Minnesota Arts Council last week awarded 21 grants
totaling $93,910 to applicants in southeastern Minnesota.

Ten individual artist grants and 11 general operating support grants were
awarded. The grants are funded by the state's Arts & Cultural Heritage Fund.

The grants:

Olmsted County

--  David Shaffer-Gottschalk, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  C. Anthony Huber, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

Dodge County

--  Mantorville Art Guild, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

Fillmore County

--  Catherine Glynn, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

Freeborn County

--  Albert Lea Community Theater, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

Goodhue County

--  John Wells, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  Red Wing Singers, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

--  Zumbrota Area Arts Council, $3,920 General Operating Grant

Houston County

--  Southeast Minnesota Bluegrass Association, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

Mower County

--  Matchbox Children's Theatre, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

Rice County

--  Daniel Kallman, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  Paul Krause, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  Janice Roberts, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  Michon Weeks, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  Northfield Youth Choirs, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

--  Vintage Band Festival, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

Winona County

--  Kathleen Hawkes, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  C. Mikal Oness, $5,000 Established Artist Grant.

--  Frozen River Film Festival, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

--  Theatre du Mississippi, $4,000 General Operating Grant.

--  Winona Symphony Orchestra, $3,990 General Operating Grant.

For information regarding eligibility or grant-writing assistance and the
granting process, contact SEMAC at 2778 Commerce Drive NW, Rochester;
507-281-4848.

___ (c)2015 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150824-RC-Arts-grants-awarded-by-SEMAC-0824-20150824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2015 Post-Bulletin


                          FOCUS - 537 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                         The Chatfield News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 26, 2015

SEMAC Awards Arts Grants

BYLINE: The Chatfield News staff

LENGTH: 625  words


This activity is made possible by the voters of Minnesota through grants from
the Minnesota State Arts Board thanks to a legislative appropriation from the
arts & cultural heritage fund.

On Aug. 18, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Southeastern Minnesota Arts
Council (SEMAC) awarded 21 grants for a total of $93,910 in funding to
applicants throughout southeastern Minnesota. This included ten Individual
Artist grants for $50,000 and eleven General Operating Support grants to arts
organizations for $43,910. -- SEMAC is the State Arts Board-designated granting
authority for local/regional arts producing and sponsoring organizations and
disburses funds allocated for this purpose by the Minnesota State Legislature.
The SEMAC region includes the counties of Dodge, Fillmore, Freeborn, Goodhue,
Houston, Mower, Olmsted, Rice, Steele, Wabasha, and Winona.

For information about the grant application process, eligibility, or grant
writing assistance, contact the SEMAC office at 2778 D Commerce Dr NW,
Rochester, MN 55901 or call 507-281-4848.

Information may also be found on our Web site at www.semac.org.

Grants were awarded to each of the following individuals and organizations,
listed by county:

Dodge County: Mantorville Art Guild received a $4,000 General Operating Support
grant for General Operating Support.

Fillmore County: Catherine Glynn received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for
Miss Myrna Davenport's Poetry in Motion.

Freeborn County: Albert Lea Community Theater received a $4,000 General
Operating Support grant for General Operating Support.

Goodhue County: John Wells received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for
Develop Paintings for 2016 Red Wing Arts Association Exhibition.

The Red Wing Singers received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant for Red
Wing Singers 2015 -- 2016 Season Operating Support.

Zumbrota Area Arts Council received a $3,920 General Operating Support grant for
General Operating Support.

Houston County: Southeast Minnesota Bluegrass

Association received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant for SEMBA General
Operating Support 2016.

Mower County: Matchbox Children's Theatre received a $4,000 General Operating
Support grant for Matchbox Children's Theatre General Operating Support.

Olmsted County: David Shaffer-Gottschalk received a $5,000 Established Artist
grant for John Cage's Prepared Piano: Sonatas and Interludes. C. Anthony Huber
received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for Inter/Section.

Rice County: Daniel Kallman received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for A New
Composition with Composer Visits for Two High School Concert Bands.

Paul Krause received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for Northfield Young
Sculptors Project Documentary Film.

Janice Roberts received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for Approaching
Winter: A Dance Work About Aging.

Michon Weeks received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for I Saw a Wheel on the
Earth.

Northfield Youth Choirs received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant for
Affordable Transportation and Scholarships.

Vintage Band Festival received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant for
Vintage Band Festival Operating Support 2016.

Winona County: Kathleen Hawkes received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for
Anthropocene: An Exhibition of Photographs.

C. Mikal Oness received a $5,000 Established Artist grant for Odes for the New
Rebellion.

Frozen River Film Festival received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant for
Frozen River Film Festival Operating Support 2016. Theatre du Mississippi
received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant for Theatre du Mississippi
Operating Support 2015-16.

Winona Symphony Orchestra received a $3,990 General Operating Support grant for
WSO Orchestra Manager Position for 2015-2016 Season.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Chatfield News


                          FOCUS - 538 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration: Grants Management Specialist,
GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA Applicants) DM FMCSA.A-2014-0008

LENGTH: 1207  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist, GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA
Applicants) DM

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration

Job Announcement Number:FMCSA.A-2014-0008
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 22, 2014 to Tuesday, August 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 To qualify, you must either:

Be a current or former Federal employee with Status OR
    Be a veteran who qualifies under VEOA.

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

The Grants Management Specialist manages one or more of the Agency's grant
programs to ensure the efficient delivery of available funds and the effective
implementation of approved project activities. This responsibility includes
executing or coordinating one or more of the following activities: grant program
goals and objectives planning; grant notices of funding availability and
application evaluation criteria development; funding recommendation development
based on an evaluation of program and budget requests and supporting
documentation; grant award document execution; grant activities tracking; grant
funds reconciliation and monitoring; and grant program records management.

The ideal candidate will possess experience managing phases of the Federal
grants lifecycle. The candidate will have a wide range of experience for the
assessment and improvement of grant program effectiveness and/or the improvement
of complex grant program management processes and systems.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must have status and meet specialized experience.
    Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
    Provide all required documents by closing date.
    Position is telework eligible.
    Announcement may be used to fill similar positions within 30 days.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Grants Management Specialist, you will:

In coordination with FMCSA Field and Headquarters staff, grantee
representatives, and contractor support staff, monitor the grant management
system throughout the grants life cycle to ensure delivery of efficient and
effective programs consistent with Agency and grant program statutory,
regulatory and/or programmatic requirements.
    Serve as a Headquarters resource for Field personnel regarding grants
management, oversight, compliance and fiscal management issues.  Informs Field
personnel of grants management legal requirements, priorities and provides
technical assistance regarding federal laws, regulations, common law, and
federal financial assistance guidelines.
    Make interpretations based on grant policies; recommend new or revised
operating procedures for FMCSA grant programs. Implement process improvements
based on management approval and Agency guidance.
    Review and analyze State legislation and grants management practices to
determine compliance with the FMCSA's Terms and Conditions, grant specifics, and
regulatory guidance; inform OCFO, FMCSA Administrator, and when appropriate, the
OIG, GAO and other applicable law enforcement agencies and regulatory
developments; and brief top management as well as other agency personnel as to
current grants status.
    Prepare issue papers, justifications, briefings, testimony and other major
written and oral presentations related to grant programs and Agency initiatives
and activities for management, Congress, grantees, and other stakeholders.
Prepare responses to congressional and general correspondence concerning grant
programs and awards; participates in working groups on grant management and
related program issues.
    Engage in outreach and liaison activities with field staff to assist them
regarding concerns with all FMCSA grant programs that related to grantees such
as State and local government agencies, national organizations representing
these agencies, safety-focused organizations, and the motor carrier industry to
stay abreast of new legislation, policies, and guidelines.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the
specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the GS-13, you must have at least one year of specialized
experience equal or equivalent to the following:

Experience coordinating all phases of pre-award and post-award grant program
initiatives, including strategy and planning phase through applications,
awarding grants and the meeting of scheduled goals and financial management.

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.


CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the
Selective Service.
    PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period
(unless already completed).
    SECURITY BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION:  A background security investigation is
required for all selected individuals.  Appointment will be subject to the
applicant's successful completion of the security investigation and favorable
adjudication. Failure to meet these requirements will be grounds for
termination.
    TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next
lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade requirements contained in 5 CFR 300,
Subpart F.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your
final rating. Please ensure that your resume and application provide enough
detail to support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions. Your
application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience,
education and training relevant to the position. Your answers to the Vacancy
Specific questions, your self-determined rating, resume and supporting
documentation are reviewed. If your resume and supporting documents do not
support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions, your final rating may be
modified.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://jobs.mgsapps.monster.com/dot/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId=2&jnum=7
0175


OTHER INFORMATION:
Displaced employees may be eligible for CTAP/ICTAP priority consideration. For
more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must submit a complete application package (including resume, vacancy
questions and supporting documents) no later than midnight Eastern Time on the
closing date of the announcement.

To begin, click the Apply Online button on the job announcement.
    Follow the directions to register, submit all required documents and
complete the assessment questionnaire.
    You may review your saved application(s) at https://my.usajobs.gov.

If you are having difficulty applying online, send an email to transjobs@dot.gov
or call us at (202)366-1298.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
The following documents must be provided by the closing

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 539 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration: Grants Management Specialist,
GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA Applicants) DM FMCSA.A-2014-0008

LENGTH: 1207  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist, GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA
Applicants) DM

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration

Job Announcement Number:FMCSA.A-2014-0008
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 22, 2014 to Tuesday, August 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 To qualify, you must either:

Be a current or former Federal employee with Status OR
    Be a veteran who qualifies under VEOA.

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

The Grants Management Specialist manages one or more of the Agency's grant
programs to ensure the efficient delivery of available funds and the effective
implementation of approved project activities. This responsibility includes
executing or coordinating one or more of the following activities: grant program
goals and objectives planning; grant notices of funding availability and
application evaluation criteria development; funding recommendation development
based on an evaluation of program and budget requests and supporting
documentation; grant award document execution; grant activities tracking; grant
funds reconciliation and monitoring; and grant program records management.

The ideal candidate will possess experience managing phases of the Federal
grants lifecycle. The candidate will have a wide range of experience for the
assessment and improvement of grant program effectiveness and/or the improvement
of complex grant program management processes and systems.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must have status and meet specialized experience.
    Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
    Provide all required documents by closing date.
    Position is telework eligible.
    Announcement may be used to fill similar positions within 30 days.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Grants Management Specialist, you will:

In coordination with FMCSA Field and Headquarters staff, grantee
representatives, and contractor support staff, monitor the grant management
system throughout the grants life cycle to ensure delivery of efficient and
effective programs consistent with Agency and grant program statutory,
regulatory and/or programmatic requirements.
    Serve as a Headquarters resource for Field personnel regarding grants
management, oversight, compliance and fiscal management issues.  Informs Field
personnel of grants management legal requirements, priorities and provides
technical assistance regarding federal laws, regulations, common law, and
federal financial assistance guidelines.
    Make interpretations based on grant policies; recommend new or revised
operating procedures for FMCSA grant programs. Implement process improvements
based on management approval and Agency guidance.
    Review and analyze State legislation and grants management practices to
determine compliance with the FMCSA's Terms and Conditions, grant specifics, and
regulatory guidance; inform OCFO, FMCSA Administrator, and when appropriate, the
OIG, GAO and other applicable law enforcement agencies and regulatory
developments; and brief top management as well as other agency personnel as to
current grants status.
    Prepare issue papers, justifications, briefings, testimony and other major
written and oral presentations related to grant programs and Agency initiatives
and activities for management, Congress, grantees, and other stakeholders.
Prepare responses to congressional and general correspondence concerning grant
programs and awards; participates in working groups on grant management and
related program issues.
    Engage in outreach and liaison activities with field staff to assist them
regarding concerns with all FMCSA grant programs that related to grantees such
as State and local government agencies, national organizations representing
these agencies, safety-focused organizations, and the motor carrier industry to
stay abreast of new legislation, policies, and guidelines.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the
specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the GS-13, you must have at least one year of specialized
experience equal or equivalent to the following:

Experience coordinating all phases of pre-award and post-award grant program
initiatives, including strategy and planning phase through applications,
awarding grants and the meeting of scheduled goals and financial management.

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.


CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the
Selective Service.
    PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period
(unless already completed).
    SECURITY BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION:  A background security investigation is
required for all selected individuals.  Appointment will be subject to the
applicant's successful completion of the security investigation and favorable
adjudication. Failure to meet these requirements will be grounds for
termination.
    TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next
lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade requirements contained in 5 CFR 300,
Subpart F.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your
final rating. Please ensure that your resume and application provide enough
detail to support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions. Your
application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience,
education and training relevant to the position. Your answers to the Vacancy
Specific questions, your self-determined rating, resume and supporting
documentation are reviewed. If your resume and supporting documents do not
support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions, your final rating may be
modified.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://jobs.mgsapps.monster.com/dot/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId=2&jnum=7
0175


OTHER INFORMATION:
Displaced employees may be eligible for CTAP/ICTAP priority consideration. For
more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must submit a complete application package (including resume, vacancy
questions and supporting documents) no later than midnight Eastern Time on the
closing date of the announcement.

To begin, click the Apply Online button on the job announcement.
    Follow the directions to register, submit all required documents and
complete the assessment questionnaire.
    You may review your saved application(s) at https://my.usajobs.gov.

If you are having difficulty applying online, send an email to transjobs@dot.gov
or call us at (202)366-1298.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
The following documents must be provided by the closing

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 540 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration: Grants Management Specialist,
GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA Applicants) DM FMCSA.A-2014-0008

LENGTH: 1207  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist, GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA
Applicants) DM

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration

Job Announcement Number:FMCSA.A-2014-0008
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 22, 2014 to Tuesday, August 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 To qualify, you must either:

Be a current or former Federal employee with Status OR
    Be a veteran who qualifies under VEOA.

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

The Grants Management Specialist manages one or more of the Agency's grant
programs to ensure the efficient delivery of available funds and the effective
implementation of approved project activities. This responsibility includes
executing or coordinating one or more of the following activities: grant program
goals and objectives planning; grant notices of funding availability and
application evaluation criteria development; funding recommendation development
based on an evaluation of program and budget requests and supporting
documentation; grant award document execution; grant activities tracking; grant
funds reconciliation and monitoring; and grant program records management.

The ideal candidate will possess experience managing phases of the Federal
grants lifecycle. The candidate will have a wide range of experience for the
assessment and improvement of grant program effectiveness and/or the improvement
of complex grant program management processes and systems.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must have status and meet specialized experience.
    Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
    Provide all required documents by closing date.
    Position is telework eligible.
    Announcement may be used to fill similar positions within 30 days.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Grants Management Specialist, you will:

In coordination with FMCSA Field and Headquarters staff, grantee
representatives, and contractor support staff, monitor the grant management
system throughout the grants life cycle to ensure delivery of efficient and
effective programs consistent with Agency and grant program statutory,
regulatory and/or programmatic requirements.
    Serve as a Headquarters resource for Field personnel regarding grants
management, oversight, compliance and fiscal management issues.  Informs Field
personnel of grants management legal requirements, priorities and provides
technical assistance regarding federal laws, regulations, common law, and
federal financial assistance guidelines.
    Make interpretations based on grant policies; recommend new or revised
operating procedures for FMCSA grant programs. Implement process improvements
based on management approval and Agency guidance.
    Review and analyze State legislation and grants management practices to
determine compliance with the FMCSA's Terms and Conditions, grant specifics, and
regulatory guidance; inform OCFO, FMCSA Administrator, and when appropriate, the
OIG, GAO and other applicable law enforcement agencies and regulatory
developments; and brief top management as well as other agency personnel as to
current grants status.
    Prepare issue papers, justifications, briefings, testimony and other major
written and oral presentations related to grant programs and Agency initiatives
and activities for management, Congress, grantees, and other stakeholders.
Prepare responses to congressional and general correspondence concerning grant
programs and awards; participates in working groups on grant management and
related program issues.
    Engage in outreach and liaison activities with field staff to assist them
regarding concerns with all FMCSA grant programs that related to grantees such
as State and local government agencies, national organizations representing
these agencies, safety-focused organizations, and the motor carrier industry to
stay abreast of new legislation, policies, and guidelines.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the
specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the GS-13, you must have at least one year of specialized
experience equal or equivalent to the following:

Experience coordinating all phases of pre-award and post-award grant program
initiatives, including strategy and planning phase through applications,
awarding grants and the meeting of scheduled goals and financial management.

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.


CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the
Selective Service.
    PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period
(unless already completed).
    SECURITY BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION:  A background security investigation is
required for all selected individuals.  Appointment will be subject to the
applicant's successful completion of the security investigation and favorable
adjudication. Failure to meet these requirements will be grounds for
termination.
    TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next
lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade requirements contained in 5 CFR 300,
Subpart F.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your
final rating. Please ensure that your resume and application provide enough
detail to support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions. Your
application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience,
education and training relevant to the position. Your answers to the Vacancy
Specific questions, your self-determined rating, resume and supporting
documentation are reviewed. If your resume and supporting documents do not
support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions, your final rating may be
modified.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://jobs.mgsapps.monster.com/dot/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId=2&jnum=7
0175


OTHER INFORMATION:
Displaced employees may be eligible for CTAP/ICTAP priority consideration. For
more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must submit a complete application package (including resume, vacancy
questions and supporting documents) no later than midnight Eastern Time on the
closing date of the announcement.

To begin, click the Apply Online button on the job announcement.
    Follow the directions to register, submit all required documents and
complete the assessment questionnaire.
    You may review your saved application(s) at https://my.usajobs.gov.

If you are having difficulty applying online, send an email to transjobs@dot.gov
or call us at (202)366-1298.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
The following documents must be provided by the closing

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 541 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration: Grants Management Specialist,
GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA Applicants) DM FMCSA.A-2014-0008

LENGTH: 1207  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist, GS-1109-13 (Open to Status and VEOA
Applicants) DM

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration

Job Announcement Number:FMCSA.A-2014-0008
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 22, 2014 to Tuesday, August 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 To qualify, you must either:

Be a current or former Federal employee with Status OR
    Be a veteran who qualifies under VEOA.

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

The Grants Management Specialist manages one or more of the Agency's grant
programs to ensure the efficient delivery of available funds and the effective
implementation of approved project activities. This responsibility includes
executing or coordinating one or more of the following activities: grant program
goals and objectives planning; grant notices of funding availability and
application evaluation criteria development; funding recommendation development
based on an evaluation of program and budget requests and supporting
documentation; grant award document execution; grant activities tracking; grant
funds reconciliation and monitoring; and grant program records management.

The ideal candidate will possess experience managing phases of the Federal
grants lifecycle. The candidate will have a wide range of experience for the
assessment and improvement of grant program effectiveness and/or the improvement
of complex grant program management processes and systems.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must have status and meet specialized experience.
    Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
    Provide all required documents by closing date.
    Position is telework eligible.
    Announcement may be used to fill similar positions within 30 days.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Grants Management Specialist, you will:

In coordination with FMCSA Field and Headquarters staff, grantee
representatives, and contractor support staff, monitor the grant management
system throughout the grants life cycle to ensure delivery of efficient and
effective programs consistent with Agency and grant program statutory,
regulatory and/or programmatic requirements.
    Serve as a Headquarters resource for Field personnel regarding grants
management, oversight, compliance and fiscal management issues.  Informs Field
personnel of grants management legal requirements, priorities and provides
technical assistance regarding federal laws, regulations, common law, and
federal financial assistance guidelines.
    Make interpretations based on grant policies; recommend new or revised
operating procedures for FMCSA grant programs. Implement process improvements
based on management approval and Agency guidance.
    Review and analyze State legislation and grants management practices to
determine compliance with the FMCSA's Terms and Conditions, grant specifics, and
regulatory guidance; inform OCFO, FMCSA Administrator, and when appropriate, the
OIG, GAO and other applicable law enforcement agencies and regulatory
developments; and brief top management as well as other agency personnel as to
current grants status.
    Prepare issue papers, justifications, briefings, testimony and other major
written and oral presentations related to grant programs and Agency initiatives
and activities for management, Congress, grantees, and other stakeholders.
Prepare responses to congressional and general correspondence concerning grant
programs and awards; participates in working groups on grant management and
related program issues.
    Engage in outreach and liaison activities with field staff to assist them
regarding concerns with all FMCSA grant programs that related to grantees such
as State and local government agencies, national organizations representing
these agencies, safety-focused organizations, and the motor carrier industry to
stay abreast of new legislation, policies, and guidelines.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the
specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the GS-13, you must have at least one year of specialized
experience equal or equivalent to the following:

Experience coordinating all phases of pre-award and post-award grant program
initiatives, including strategy and planning phase through applications,
awarding grants and the meeting of scheduled goals and financial management.

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.


CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the
Selective Service.
    PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period
(unless already completed).
    SECURITY BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION:  A background security investigation is
required for all selected individuals.  Appointment will be subject to the
applicant's successful completion of the security investigation and favorable
adjudication. Failure to meet these requirements will be grounds for
termination.
    TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next
lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade requirements contained in 5 CFR 300,
Subpart F.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your
final rating. Please ensure that your resume and application provide enough
detail to support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions. Your
application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience,
education and training relevant to the position. Your answers to the Vacancy
Specific questions, your self-determined rating, resume and supporting
documentation are reviewed. If your resume and supporting documents do not
support your answers to the Vacancy Specific Questions, your final rating may be
modified.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://jobs.mgsapps.monster.com/dot/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId=2&jnum=7
0175


OTHER INFORMATION:
Displaced employees may be eligible for CTAP/ICTAP priority consideration. For
more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must submit a complete application package (including resume, vacancy
questions and supporting documents) no later than midnight Eastern Time on the
closing date of the announcement.

To begin, click the Apply Online button on the job announcement.
    Follow the directions to register, submit all required documents and
complete the assessment questionnaire.
    You may review your saved application(s) at https://my.usajobs.gov.

If you are having difficulty applying online, send an email to transjobs@dot.gov
or call us at (202)366-1298.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
The following documents must be provided by the closing

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 542 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

County pulls in almost $700,000 in grants, plans for more next year

BYLINE: Taylor Cooper, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 694 words


Dec. 13--Since Monica Hardin was hired by Glynn County late in September 2015,
she has helped the county take advantage of $674,351 in grants, only a fraction
of those requiring matching funds.

Grants the county has been awarded vary greatly, from local grants from Hello
Goodbuy and the Communities of Coastal Georgia Foundation to national grants
from the U.S. Department of Justice and the Stanton Foundation.

Grant money can't just be freely used, however. Each one is awarded to those
groups that meet the grantor's criteria and can only be used for specific
expenditures.

For example, a $25,000 grant from the Petco Foundation must be used to offer
free spay and neuter services to the public for as long as the funds last. An
$18,020 grant from the Firehouse Subs Foundation had to be used for purchasing
fire protection equipment.

For the $674,351 awarded, $31,097 was paid out in matching funds. In some cases,
to get a grant the county also has to contribute something. A bulletproof vest
grant from the DOJ required that the county put up $9,150 before the $9,150
grant would be awarded. Not all matching funds will ask for the same amount as
the grant, such as a $306,000 grant from the Georgia Department of Community
Affairs only required a $9,000 match from the county.

"I think it's a level of investment. Some foundation or federal grants require a
percentage match, some even go dollar-for- dollar. I don't know the reasoning
behind every one, but the overall understanding is the community contributes to
the project," Hardin said.

If a good grant is found that requires matching funds, the committee meets to
decide whether or not to pursue it.

The process of grant writing is different depending on who is awarding it, but
it starts with figuring out where grants are needed. It is composed of the
county finance manager Vicky McClinton, county chief financial officer Tonya
Miller, the grants accountant, the community development director and county
engineer Paul Andrews.

"Department heads let me know what their needs are, and I have a bulletin board
that breaks down all the needs of the departments," Hardin said.

A grant writer can look for grants a number of ways, but a database the county
pays for access to has been particularly useful.

"I routinely go in there and check for opportunities that fit our needs," Hardin
said.

Depending on whether or not a grant is coming from a federal agency or a private
foundation, she may go about applying for it differently.

"If it's a federal grant, I start working on it right away. I start on it right
away because there's a quick turnaround," Hardin said. "For foundation grants I
like to start a rapport, let them know what we need and what we want to use
their grant for."

Federal grantors want to streamline the process as much as possible because they
have so many applicants. An application is sent in, the government determines if
the applicant will use the money in a manner consistent with what they're
issuing it for and it is awarded or not awarded.

"With federal grants, it is what it is. With foundations, they have their
deadlines but with them I try to strike up a good rapport with them and let them
know what we're thinking and they'll let us know what they're thinking," Hardin
said. "Foundations are eager to know more about their grant recipients, so I let
them know who we are and what our needs are."

The job isn't something that can essentially be automated year after year,
however. Grant requirements and amounts change almost yearly. The amounts more
often decrease than increase however, and they may require a match one year and
not the next.

"Even the ones we know are going to come up at a certain time of year, I have to
check the packet to make sure the giving levels are the same and how they've
changed," Hardin said.

Hardin won't be slowing down in 2017, either. She has $2,996,500 in grants
pegged for next year.

"It's not a job that you can just sit back, you have to be on top of it all the
time," Hardin said.

___ (c)2016 The Brunswick News (Brunswick, Ga.) Visit The Brunswick News
(Brunswick, Ga.) at www.thebrunswicknews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161213-GE-County-pulls-in-almost-700000-in-grants
-plans-for-more-next-year-1213-20161213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2016 The Brunswick News


                          FOCUS - 543 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                 April 28, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

So many grants available for your business;
Q&A Your one-stop shop for expert, independent money advice

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 682 words


What Grants are available for my Business? QIf you are thinking about starting a
business or if you have an existing business, you might be wondering about
supports and grants provided by the Enterprise Agencies in Ireland.

AWexford Local Enterprise Office provides the following financial supports for
business: Priming Grant for a business start up less than 18 months trading.
This grant may be available for sole traders, partnerships, or Limited
companies. Eligible clients may be awarded a Priming Grant within the first
eighteen months of setting up the business. The maximum Priming Grant payable
shall be 50% of the investment or (EURO)150,000 whichever is the lesser. Grants
over (EURO)80,000 and up to (EURO)150,000 shall be the exception and shall only
apply in the case of projects that clearly demonstrate a potential to graduate
to Enterprise Ireland and/or to export internationally. In all other cases, the
maximum grant shall be 50% of the investment or (EURO)80,000 whichever is the
lesser. A percentage of any grant assistance (35%) will be refundable and
payable over a maximum of 4 years.

Business Expansion Grant is available to a business trading for more than 2
years. Feasibility/Innovation Grants are available to assist the promoter with
researching market demand for product. The maximum Feasibility /Innovation Grant
payable shall be 50% of the investment or (EURO)20,000 whichever is the lesser.

On-line Trading Voucher-Small businesses can now apply for a digital voucher to
assist in helping their business trade online. Businesses will be able to apply
for grants of up to (EURO)2,500 for this purpose. Mentorship grants are also
available to help business owners access a mentor to help develop their
business. For more information contact Wexford Local Enterprise office on 053
9196020 or log onto www.localenterprise.ie/Wexford/ Enterprise Ireland is
responsible for supporting High Potential Start Up Companies. The grants
available to a company who qualifies would be Feasibility Grants, Innovation
vouchers worth (EURO)5000 to assist in the early stages of research, Mentorship
Grants, Competitive start funds for companies that have a well-developed
business plan and need to raise investment for their businesses.

For established small and medium sized companies in manufacturing and
internationally traded services sector with over 10 employees, there are a
number of funding supports available. This includes: Market Research &
Internationalisation grants; Business development grants; Mentorship and
consultancy grants; Productivity and business process lean grants to help your
business reduce costs and become more competitive; Company expansion packages;
Funding supports are also available for large companies that employ over 250
employees.

The grants available for companies that meet the criteria are: Market Research &
Internationalisation grants; Research and Development grants; Business Process
Lean Plus and Lean Transform Grant For more information on these grants, contact
your Enterprise Ireland Advisor to discuss on 01 7272000 or
www.enterprise-ireland.com Under the rural development programme, Wexford Local
Development provides grant assistance to support start up and expanding micro
enterprises in the four districts of Wexford. The primary focus of the grants
available is for rural development enterprises that are in start-up and
expanding including, tourism activities and diversification into no-agricultural
activities. Rates of grant aid available are: 75% of capital costs to a maximum
of (EURO)150,000; 75% of training costs to a maximum of (EURO)150,000; 75% of
research costs to a maximum of (EURO)30,000. For more information contact 053
9155800 or log onto www.wld.ie/enterprise/ Jim Doyle ACMA QFA is a partner in
RDA Accountants, offering full accountancy, business advisory, tax advisory and
financial services RDA Accountants | 5 Upper George Street, Wexford | Louisville
House, Waterford Road, Kilkenny | 053 9170507 | www.rda.ie RDA Wealth Ltd
trading as RDA Accountants is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 544 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 2, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

Giving Artists A Little Help;
District Grants Program Can Pay For Paintbrushes or Baby-Sitters

BYLINE: By Virginia Mansfield, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: District Weekly; D1

LENGTH: 773 words


The D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities spends nearly half of its $1.5
million budget to develop artists, and sometimes that means paying the rent or
hiring baby-sitters as well as buying art materials.

"I used my money to pay for a baby-sitter so I could write a play," said Beth
Baruch Joselow, who has three children aged 11, 7 and 3. Joselow, who received a
$2,500 grant last fall from the arts commission, said, "It really paid off
because my first play is being performed by the Horizon Theater in June . . . .
I would never have been able to write it without that grant."

Subsidizing individuals is controversial for a city arts agency. Nineteen states
and U.S. territories bar direct funding to individuals, according to the
National Assembly of State Arts Agencies, a private group that monitors arts
budgets nationwide.

About 5 percent of Maryland's arts budget and less than 2 percent of Virginia's
arts budget go to individual artists.

This fiscal year -- October 1984 to September 1985 -- the D.C. Commission for
the Arts and Humanities, located at 420 Seventh St. NW, is spending $630,000 on
two programs that directly subsidize individual artists and art groups.

One program, grants-in-aid, funded nearly 50 arts organizations with grants of
$1,000 to $15,000, and gave 49 individual artists grants of $2,500 each.

The grants are unrestricted and can be spent for any purpose. Recipients are
required to report on how the money helped their artistic endeavors.

Bob Devlin, a composer and one-man-band street performer, received a $2,500
grant last fall. Devlin also received grants from the commission in 1982 and
1983.

"I was able to tape some of the music I wrote" with the grant money, Devlin
said. He now sells the tapes to the public when he performs.

"I guess really that's what the grants are all about, making the arts more
available to the people," Devlin concluded.

Assane Konte, a dancer who is a citizen of Senegal living in the District on a
permanent visa, said his $2,500 grant allowed him to rent studio space at the
downtown YWCA to hold African dance classes.

"It also is helping me to choreograph and buy costumes for my dance company,
Kankourant West African Dancers," said Konte.

Grant recipient Elizabeth Benedict said her grant has paid for food and some
other living expenses since January.

"I'm a freelance writer and I support myself writing . . . . The grant has been
instrumental in my eating since January," said Benedict, noting that the grant
was "helpful, but it doesn't provide a year's worth of living, unfortunately."

Benedict's first book, "Slow Dancing," was published in February. She decided
not to apply for a grant this year because she hopes royalties from the book
will support her next year. Benedict also received a grant from the commission
in 1983.

When Margery Goldberg, who owns the Zenith Gallery in Northwest, found out in
1981 the commission was giving her a $1,000 grant to spend as she pleased,
Goldberg said she was "really ungrateful."

"I immediately called them the commission up and said you know $1,000 does not a
grant make, you can't do anything really with $1,000," Goldberg said.

Since then she has received two other grants from the commission. The latest,
for $2,500, was awarded last fall and Goldberg says so far she has spent the
money on art supplies.

"There's no better feeling in the world than free money," she said, "especially
when it's from the local government, and I feel I've contributed a lot to the
community and to the people who live here."

Getting a grant from the city also makes private fund-raising much easier, said
Colette Yglesias, director and choreographer of the Colette Yglesias Dance
Company. A city grant "legitimizes you in the eyes of the public so they don't
think you're a fly-by-night organization," she explained.

Yglesias received grants from the commission in 1981 and last fall. She used the
most recent grant to pay dancers and to hire "professional-level" costume,
lighting and set designers.

But the public will have to pay $2 more to attend her dance company's
performances this May. Yglesias said she had to raise ticket prices from $5 last
year to $7 this year "because it's more expensive to put on concerts, nonprofit
mail has gone up, also to keep pace with the other studios."

Yglesias said she would never have formed her dance company if she had not
received the first grant in 1981.

["It the grant] was a great vote of confidence," she said. ". . . We live on
such a survival basis, the second grant was desperately needed because the
funding level is so dismal."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Bob Devlin, one-man-band street performer, used part of his
$2500 artists' grant to produce tapes of his original music; By John McDonnell
-- The Washington Post; Picture 2, Dance teacher Assane Konte of Senegal leaps
high in the studio his artist's grant allowed him to rent for his classrooms. By
Charles K. Crockett for the Washington Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                          FOCUS - 545 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Library of Congress: Grants Management Specialist 140158

LENGTH: 2522  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist

Department:Legislative Branch

Agency:Library of Congress

Job Announcement Number:140158
SALARY RANGE:
 $63,091.00 to $82,019.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, September 4, 2014 to Thursday, September 25, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-11
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Open - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
11
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Anyone may apply - By law, employment at most U.S. Government agencies,
including the Library of Congress, is limited to U.S. citizens. However,
non-citizens may be hired, provided that other legal requirements are met and
the Library determines there are no qualified U.S. citizens available for the
position.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is located in the Grants Management Office, Office of Contracts
and Grants Management, Office of the Deputy Librarian. The incumbent serves as a
Grants Management Specialist (Financial Analyst) providing support to the Grants
Management Office and the Office of Strategic Initiatives. Major
responsibilities of the position include providing expert assistance to the
Office of the Strategic Initiatives' educational grants program ("Teaching with
Primary Sources"). The position description number for this position is 112408.
The salary range indicated reflects the locality pay adjustments for the
Washington, D.C., Metropolitan area. The incumbent of this position will work a
flextime work schedule. This is a non-bargaining unit position. Relocation
expenses will not be authorized for the person(s) selected under this vacancy
announcement.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

DUTIES:
Back to top

Grants and Financial Management Policy Oversight 40%

Reviews, evaluates, oversees and provides technical assistance for OSI awards
and grants with responsibility for carrying out all required monitoring and
management duties. Develops and interprets awards and grants policies,
regulations, procedures and practices for disbursing appropriated and
unappropriated funds via funding agreements.

Oversees changes impacting assigned awards and grants programs including new
legislation, appropriation acts, administrative priorities and LOC policies and
initiatives. Oversees a reconciliation program working with fund managers to
ensure all grants and fund obligations have been associated with the correct
project, budget line item, and fund code. Ensures reports of expenditures are
reconciled and any corrections are made. Reviews recipient audit reports
required by OMB regulations (OMB Circular A-133) or other audits required by any
funding agreements. Coordinates any audit with the Office of Inspector General
and serves as technical advisor on any audit questions.

Identifies issues, gathers and analyzes financial information, develops advice
and guidance to resolve substantive problems. Modifies qualitative and
quantitative analytical methods to fit a wide range of variables, including
issues, problems, or concepts that are not susceptible to direct observation and
analysis of the grants management program. Performs financial reviews of grants
and funded cooperative agreements and related budgets including request for
reimbursements (SF-270), draws made under ASAP and reports required by the grant
or cooperative agreement. Ensures projects funded by grants and funded
cooperative agreements operate in accord with federal appropriations laws,
Library of Congress regulations and OMB regulations, as applicable.

Grants Management Support 30%

Generates reports and correspondence for all phases of the standard awards
processes for OSI related grants and awards programs. Prepares program-related
correspondence, reports, and/or other written materials associated with
established organizational programs, policies, and/or operations. Gathers
additional information about organizational functions or workload as needed to
recommend program actions and/or policies.

Reviews, analyzes, processes, and distributes to appropriate staff, financial,
performance, management, and other required reports for the management of
grants. Tracks trends and patterns, including statistical analysis, of grantee
financial performance. Conducts risk assessments, develops internal control
processes and procedures.

Grant/ Agreement Advice and Guidance 30%

Assists higher-grade employees by performing various standard grant management
tasks. Identifies any data that appears to reflect problems in grants
processing. Develops and maintains relationships with Library service units and
other stakeholders at various levels to effectively communicate and disseminate
information regarding awards and grants financial matters.

Develops recommendations for any grant management issues encountered.
Recommendations are based on experience, anticipated workload, and production
capabilities of the center/office. Independently processes standard or simple
grants/agreements' closeout and disposition.

Performs various other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must have had progressively responsible experience and training
sufficient in scope and quality to furnish them with an acceptable level of the
following knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the position
without more than normal supervision.

Knowledge of grant-related laws, regulations, principles, and grant
administration rules, policies, and procedures.**

Ability to manage grants and cooperative agreements. **

Ability to utilize automated financial systems including those related to grants
management.

No additional requirements to those listed above.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Library of Congress evaluates applicants through an applicant questionnaire
and a structured interview. Applicants may also be screened for some jobs
through licensing, certification, and/or education requirements, a
narrative/application review, and/or a preliminary telephone interview. The
knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) that are marked with a double asterisk
(**) in the vacancy announcement and the applicant questionnaire are considered
the most critical for a position. To be considered for final selection,
applicants must demonstrate fully acceptable experience in these designated KSAs
in the narrative/application review, preliminary telephone and/or full
structured interview. The various assessment tools listed above are designed to
verify or explore applicants' experience, knowledge, and training directly
related to the job in order to identify the best qualified applicants for
selection.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://www.loc.gov/hr/employment/index.php


OTHER INFORMATION:
Although it is the Library's policy to afford the maximum pay benefit to
employees when setting rates of pay, a new appointee who has had no previous
Federal service will generally be paid the minimum step of the grade.

The Library of Congress is an equal opportunity employer. Women, minorities, and
persons with disabilities who meet eligibility requirements are strongly
encouraged to apply.

Applicants must submit a complete application package that is received by the
closing date of this announcement.

This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and
hiring process, please notify the agency. The decision on granting reasonable
accommodation will be determined on a case-by-case basis.

Applicants with disabilities may be considered under special hiring procedures
and must submit an appropriate certificate of eligibility when applying for this
position. The date of certification must be within one year of the vacancy
closing date. For more information contact the selective placement program
coordinator at 202-707-3960 or email spp@loc.gov FAILURE TO SUBMIT YOUR
CERTIFICATION WILL CAUSE YOUR APPLICATION TO NOT BE CONSIDERED UNDER THE
SELECTIVE PLACEMENT PROGRAM.

The Library of Congress is the national library of the United States and is part
of the Legislative Branch of the Federal government. As such, all positions are
in the excepted service.

Appointment/retention is subject to a favorable evaluation of an appropriate
personnel security/suitability investigation.

The Library reserves the right to fill a lesser or greater number of vacancies
indicated during the life of this vacancy announcement.

Initial appointments, permanent or indefinite, to the Library of Congress
require completion of a one-year probationary period.  In addition, per Library
of Congress Regulation 2010-12, an appointee is subject to a one-year
supervisory probationary period, if this is his/her first supervisory/managerial
position at the Library.

Are you a veteran?  Please indicate the type of veterans' preference you are
claiming in your application materials and/or applicant profile and provide the
appropriate supporting documentation to validate your claim.  Those applying for
5-point preference must submit Member Copy 4 of your DD 214.  Those applying for
10-point preference must fill out an SF-15 (click here for the form) and provide
the required documentation listed on the back of the form.  If required
supporting documentation is not attached, Veterans' Preference will not be
considered in the application process.

For more information regarding eligibility requirements, please see the Library
of Congress Merit Selection Plan, Section X.D, at:
http://www.loc.gov/hr/employment/msp010909.pdf.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Please carefully follow all instructions under the How to Apply tab to ensure
you are considered for the position.
You are required to apply online for this announcement. We are unable to accept
mailed or emailed documents. You must complete the entire application process,
including submission of all documents BEFORE this announcement closes. To do so,
complete the following steps.
Step 1: If you do not already have one, create a resume on USAJOBS. Although you
must enter your Social Security Number for USAJOBS, this information will not be
provided to the Library of Congress.
Step 2: Review the Job Announcement. We recommend you go to the end of the
Qualification and Evaluation section of the job announcement to preview the
online questions that you will answer in Step 4. You may wish to customize your
USAJOBS resume to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions.
Step 3: Click on the "APPLY ONLINE" button to the right of this announcement.
Follow USAJOBS' instructions to access your account and submit your resume. You
will be redirected to the Hiring Management website to complete the application
process. If this is your first time in Hiring Management, you will be asked to
answer questions related to your eligibility for Federal employment. You will be
able to update this information and save it to our account for future
announcements.
Step 4: Once you have completed the eligibility questions, you will be taken
directly to the vacancy application questions. Answer all questions honestly and
thoroughly. Step 5: Hiring Management offers three options that will
electronically attach your documentation to your online application once you
finish answering the questions in the job announcement.
(1) You may select a document that you have already uploaded to USAJOBS for a
previous announcement.
(2) You may electronically upload a document directly from your computer to your
application. Be certain to review your complete application for confirmation of
the document uploaded and click on "Finished" to be returned to USAJOBS.
(3) You may follow the "Faxing Supporting Documentation" instructions within the
online application, which will provide the necessary cover sheets for each of
your documents so that they will be correctly submitted. The fax number will be
available on the cover sheet.
Please note that each cover sheet and corresponding document must be faxed
separately. Be certain to review your complete fax transmittal confirmation to
ensure that all pages have been received.
IMPORTANT NOTE: If you have multiple documents of the same kind, e.g. 2
undergraduate transcripts from different schools or 2 SF-50s, etc., be sure that
they are all in the same file on your computer or in your USAJOBS profile before
uploading them. If you try uploading them individually, only the last one sent
will be visible in our system. Likewise, if sending them by fax, be sure and
include both of them behind the respective fax cover sheet and send them as one
fax. If you send them individually with the same cover sheet, the last one sent
will overwrite the first one. Finally, if you upload a document, e.g. your
undergraduate transcript, do not also fax that same document (or fax another
undergraduate transcript), because whichever one you send last will be the only
one that is visible in our system. If you have any questions about this
information, please contact the person on this announcement BEFORE the closing
date.
Step 6: Click on "Finish" after you have completed your application. Once you
have submitted your application, you can check your status online through your
Hiring Management or MY USAJOBS account. Your complete online application and
any required supplemental documentation (e.g., SF-50, etc.) must be received by
11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the closing date of the announcement.
It is your responsibility to ensure that all documents are received on time and
that the materials are readable. Failure to do so will result in your
application being excluded from consideration for this announcement.
If you are experiencing any technical difficulty with the online process, you
MUST CONTACT THE POINT OF CONTACT FOR THIS ANNOUNCEMENT BEFORE THE CLOSING DATE.
For all technical issues please contact jobhelp@loc.gov , no later than 4:30pm
EST of the Closing Date. REQUESTS FOR EXTENSIONS WILL NOT BE GRANTED.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
Current or former federal employees must submit their most recent Notification
of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent). Disabled applicants claiming
Selective Placement eligibility must submit proof of disability and a
certification of job readiness. If Selective Placement is applicable to you, you
will not be considered without submitting this documentation.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Customer Service Center
Phone: 202-707-5627
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: JobHelp@loc.gov
Agency Information:
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
101 Independence Ave. SE
LM-107
Washington, DC
20540
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Please review our evaluation process under Evaluation. You may check the status
of your application for this position at any time by logging onto the USAJOBS
"My USAJOBS" tab and clicking on "My Applications". You will receive final
notification via e-mail when the vacancy has been filled.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 546 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Library of Congress: Grants Management Specialist 140158

LENGTH: 2522  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist

Department:Legislative Branch

Agency:Library of Congress

Job Announcement Number:140158
SALARY RANGE:
 $63,091.00 to $82,019.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, September 4, 2014 to Thursday, September 25, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-11
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Open - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
11
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Anyone may apply - By law, employment at most U.S. Government agencies,
including the Library of Congress, is limited to U.S. citizens. However,
non-citizens may be hired, provided that other legal requirements are met and
the Library determines there are no qualified U.S. citizens available for the
position.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is located in the Grants Management Office, Office of Contracts
and Grants Management, Office of the Deputy Librarian. The incumbent serves as a
Grants Management Specialist (Financial Analyst) providing support to the Grants
Management Office and the Office of Strategic Initiatives. Major
responsibilities of the position include providing expert assistance to the
Office of the Strategic Initiatives' educational grants program ("Teaching with
Primary Sources"). The position description number for this position is 112408.
The salary range indicated reflects the locality pay adjustments for the
Washington, D.C., Metropolitan area. The incumbent of this position will work a
flextime work schedule. This is a non-bargaining unit position. Relocation
expenses will not be authorized for the person(s) selected under this vacancy
announcement.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

DUTIES:
Back to top

Grants and Financial Management Policy Oversight 40%

Reviews, evaluates, oversees and provides technical assistance for OSI awards
and grants with responsibility for carrying out all required monitoring and
management duties. Develops and interprets awards and grants policies,
regulations, procedures and practices for disbursing appropriated and
unappropriated funds via funding agreements.

Oversees changes impacting assigned awards and grants programs including new
legislation, appropriation acts, administrative priorities and LOC policies and
initiatives. Oversees a reconciliation program working with fund managers to
ensure all grants and fund obligations have been associated with the correct
project, budget line item, and fund code. Ensures reports of expenditures are
reconciled and any corrections are made. Reviews recipient audit reports
required by OMB regulations (OMB Circular A-133) or other audits required by any
funding agreements. Coordinates any audit with the Office of Inspector General
and serves as technical advisor on any audit questions.

Identifies issues, gathers and analyzes financial information, develops advice
and guidance to resolve substantive problems. Modifies qualitative and
quantitative analytical methods to fit a wide range of variables, including
issues, problems, or concepts that are not susceptible to direct observation and
analysis of the grants management program. Performs financial reviews of grants
and funded cooperative agreements and related budgets including request for
reimbursements (SF-270), draws made under ASAP and reports required by the grant
or cooperative agreement. Ensures projects funded by grants and funded
cooperative agreements operate in accord with federal appropriations laws,
Library of Congress regulations and OMB regulations, as applicable.

Grants Management Support 30%

Generates reports and correspondence for all phases of the standard awards
processes for OSI related grants and awards programs. Prepares program-related
correspondence, reports, and/or other written materials associated with
established organizational programs, policies, and/or operations. Gathers
additional information about organizational functions or workload as needed to
recommend program actions and/or policies.

Reviews, analyzes, processes, and distributes to appropriate staff, financial,
performance, management, and other required reports for the management of
grants. Tracks trends and patterns, including statistical analysis, of grantee
financial performance. Conducts risk assessments, develops internal control
processes and procedures.

Grant/ Agreement Advice and Guidance 30%

Assists higher-grade employees by performing various standard grant management
tasks. Identifies any data that appears to reflect problems in grants
processing. Develops and maintains relationships with Library service units and
other stakeholders at various levels to effectively communicate and disseminate
information regarding awards and grants financial matters.

Develops recommendations for any grant management issues encountered.
Recommendations are based on experience, anticipated workload, and production
capabilities of the center/office. Independently processes standard or simple
grants/agreements' closeout and disposition.

Performs various other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must have had progressively responsible experience and training
sufficient in scope and quality to furnish them with an acceptable level of the
following knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the position
without more than normal supervision.

Knowledge of grant-related laws, regulations, principles, and grant
administration rules, policies, and procedures.**

Ability to manage grants and cooperative agreements. **

Ability to utilize automated financial systems including those related to grants
management.

No additional requirements to those listed above.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The Library of Congress evaluates applicants through an applicant questionnaire
and a structured interview. Applicants may also be screened for some jobs
through licensing, certification, and/or education requirements, a
narrative/application review, and/or a preliminary telephone interview. The
knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) that are marked with a double asterisk
(**) in the vacancy announcement and the applicant questionnaire are considered
the most critical for a position. To be considered for final selection,
applicants must demonstrate fully acceptable experience in these designated KSAs
in the narrative/application review, preliminary telephone and/or full
structured interview. The various assessment tools listed above are designed to
verify or explore applicants' experience, knowledge, and training directly
related to the job in order to identify the best qualified applicants for
selection.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://www.loc.gov/hr/employment/index.php


OTHER INFORMATION:
Although it is the Library's policy to afford the maximum pay benefit to
employees when setting rates of pay, a new appointee who has had no previous
Federal service will generally be paid the minimum step of the grade.

The Library of Congress is an equal opportunity employer. Women, minorities, and
persons with disabilities who meet eligibility requirements are strongly
encouraged to apply.

Applicants must submit a complete application package that is received by the
closing date of this announcement.

This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and
hiring process, please notify the agency. The decision on granting reasonable
accommodation will be determined on a case-by-case basis.

Applicants with disabilities may be considered under special hiring procedures
and must submit an appropriate certificate of eligibility when applying for this
position. The date of certification must be within one year of the vacancy
closing date. For more information contact the selective placement program
coordinator at 202-707-3960 or email spp@loc.gov FAILURE TO SUBMIT YOUR
CERTIFICATION WILL CAUSE YOUR APPLICATION TO NOT BE CONSIDERED UNDER THE
SELECTIVE PLACEMENT PROGRAM.

The Library of Congress is the national library of the United States and is part
of the Legislative Branch of the Federal government. As such, all positions are
in the excepted service.

Appointment/retention is subject to a favorable evaluation of an appropriate
personnel security/suitability investigation.

The Library reserves the right to fill a lesser or greater number of vacancies
indicated during the life of this vacancy announcement.

Initial appointments, permanent or indefinite, to the Library of Congress
require completion of a one-year probationary period.  In addition, per Library
of Congress Regulation 2010-12, an appointee is subject to a one-year
supervisory probationary period, if this is his/her first supervisory/managerial
position at the Library.

Are you a veteran?  Please indicate the type of veterans' preference you are
claiming in your application materials and/or applicant profile and provide the
appropriate supporting documentation to validate your claim.  Those applying for
5-point preference must submit Member Copy 4 of your DD 214.  Those applying for
10-point preference must fill out an SF-15 (click here for the form) and provide
the required documentation listed on the back of the form.  If required
supporting documentation is not attached, Veterans' Preference will not be
considered in the application process.

For more information regarding eligibility requirements, please see the Library
of Congress Merit Selection Plan, Section X.D, at:
http://www.loc.gov/hr/employment/msp010909.pdf.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Please carefully follow all instructions under the How to Apply tab to ensure
you are considered for the position.
You are required to apply online for this announcement. We are unable to accept
mailed or emailed documents. You must complete the entire application process,
including submission of all documents BEFORE this announcement closes. To do so,
complete the following steps.
Step 1: If you do not already have one, create a resume on USAJOBS. Although you
must enter your Social Security Number for USAJOBS, this information will not be
provided to the Library of Congress.
Step 2: Review the Job Announcement. We recommend you go to the end of the
Qualification and Evaluation section of the job announcement to preview the
online questions that you will answer in Step 4. You may wish to customize your
USAJOBS resume to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions.
Step 3: Click on the "APPLY ONLINE" button to the right of this announcement.
Follow USAJOBS' instructions to access your account and submit your resume. You
will be redirected to the Hiring Management website to complete the application
process. If this is your first time in Hiring Management, you will be asked to
answer questions related to your eligibility for Federal employment. You will be
able to update this information and save it to our account for future
announcements.
Step 4: Once you have completed the eligibility questions, you will be taken
directly to the vacancy application questions. Answer all questions honestly and
thoroughly. Step 5: Hiring Management offers three options that will
electronically attach your documentation to your online application once you
finish answering the questions in the job announcement.
(1) You may select a document that you have already uploaded to USAJOBS for a
previous announcement.
(2) You may electronically upload a document directly from your computer to your
application. Be certain to review your complete application for confirmation of
the document uploaded and click on "Finished" to be returned to USAJOBS.
(3) You may follow the "Faxing Supporting Documentation" instructions within the
online application, which will provide the necessary cover sheets for each of
your documents so that they will be correctly submitted. The fax number will be
available on the cover sheet.
Please note that each cover sheet and corresponding document must be faxed
separately. Be certain to review your complete fax transmittal confirmation to
ensure that all pages have been received.
IMPORTANT NOTE: If you have multiple documents of the same kind, e.g. 2
undergraduate transcripts from different schools or 2 SF-50s, etc., be sure that
they are all in the same file on your computer or in your USAJOBS profile before
uploading them. If you try uploading them individually, only the last one sent
will be visible in our system. Likewise, if sending them by fax, be sure and
include both of them behind the respective fax cover sheet and send them as one
fax. If you send them individually with the same cover sheet, the last one sent
will overwrite the first one. Finally, if you upload a document, e.g. your
undergraduate transcript, do not also fax that same document (or fax another
undergraduate transcript), because whichever one you send last will be the only
one that is visible in our system. If you have any questions about this
information, please contact the person on this announcement BEFORE the closing
date.
Step 6: Click on "Finish" after you have completed your application. Once you
have submitted your application, you can check your status online through your
Hiring Management or MY USAJOBS account. Your complete online application and
any required supplemental documentation (e.g., SF-50, etc.) must be received by
11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the closing date of the announcement.
It is your responsibility to ensure that all documents are received on time and
that the materials are readable. Failure to do so will result in your
application being excluded from consideration for this announcement.
If you are experiencing any technical difficulty with the online process, you
MUST CONTACT THE POINT OF CONTACT FOR THIS ANNOUNCEMENT BEFORE THE CLOSING DATE.
For all technical issues please contact jobhelp@loc.gov , no later than 4:30pm
EST of the Closing Date. REQUESTS FOR EXTENSIONS WILL NOT BE GRANTED.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
Current or former federal employees must submit their most recent Notification
of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent). Disabled applicants claiming
Selective Placement eligibility must submit proof of disability and a
certification of job readiness. If Selective Placement is applicable to you, you
will not be considered without submitting this documentation.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Customer Service Center
Phone: 202-707-5627
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: JobHelp@loc.gov
Agency Information:
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
101 Independence Ave. SE
LM-107
Washington, DC
20540
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Please review our evaluation process under Evaluation. You may check the status
of your application for this position at any time by logging onto the USAJOBS
"My USAJOBS" tab and clicking on "My Applications". You will receive final
notification via e-mail when the vacancy has been filled.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 547 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            January 20, 2008 Sunday

Grant money keeping Fitchburg schools afloat, but worries some

BYLINE: By Brandon Butler

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 703 words


FITCHBURG -- Some city officials say they are concerned about the large amount
of grant money being used to help operate the Fitchburg School District.

"Though we're glad the schools are able to secure this funding, we're cognizant
that there needs to be more sustainable funding sources for teachers and
education," said Mayor Lisa Wong, the School Committee chairwoman.

The school system has $8.06 million in grants this fiscal year, the most the
district has ever had, according to Kate Martin, the district's director of
grants and early childhood education.

The district partially or fully pays for about 100 salaries through grants,
including part of the salaries for an assistant superintendent and Martin.

Almost all of the districts 36 grants will expire in 2008, but Martin said many
of them are multi-year commitments from the federal or state Department of
Education that are almost guaranteed to be continued in 2009.

Martin said other grants are not as likely to be awarded next year.

"We're definitely going to loose some grants (this year), that's the nature of
the grant business," she said. "But then other ones come up, it's really a
crapshoot."

The district's largest grant is a $2.2 million Title I grant from the federal
DOE aimed at improving literacy levels of at-risk students, which also pays the
salaries for reading specialists.

The grant is an entitlement, which means a certain amount of money is set aside
by the federal government annually for qualifying districts based on poverty
levels in the community.

Other grants are competitive, which means the district competes with other
communities through an application process for the grant money.

Martin said the Reading First grant through the state DOE will expire in August.

Because the state is changing the program objectives, the district may not
qualify for the grant next year.

The grant pays for $248,000 worth of materials and staff for reading initiatives
in schools that need reading improvements based of MCAS testing.

The $390,300 21st Century Community Learning Centers grant may also be in
jeopardy next year, she said.

The program pays for after-school programs at four schools, three of which may
need to be cut if the grant does not come through. The only other alternative
would be to pay for it through the city budget, which, Martin said, given the
fiscal constraints of Fitchburg, is unlikely.

Superintendent Andre Ravenelle said he is proud of the district for having a
record high number of grants, but acknowledged the district relies too heavily
on grants.

"We've become very dependent on them, but in our situation we really have no
other choice," he said. "Our goal is to maximize opportunities for students and
if we can't do that with the local dollar, then we need to go everywhere we can
to do it."

Longtime School Committee member James Connors said he has mixed feelings about
the issue.

"The good news is we're getting grants," he said. "The bad news is that we need
them."

New School Committee member Sally Cragin said she is concerned about how much
the school district relies on grants.

"I have to be, we all have to be," she said. "We need to set educational goals
that may go beyond the scope of available funding sources."

Cragin said she's also concerned about the number of staff positions paid for by
grants.

"I am so impressed by the school department's grant-writing ability, but I have
less faith in the state and federal Legislatures," she said.

Leominster Superintendent Nadine Binkley said Leominster receives less grants
than Fitchburg because there's less low-income students in the Leominster school
district.

For example, Leominster has a lower number of students that qualify for a free
or reduced lunch, so the district gets a smaller Title I allocation.

Leominster received only about $1.14 million in Title I distributions in fiscal
year 2007, compared to Fitchburg's $2.38 million.

"Entitlement grants are fairly distributed, it all comes down to the needs of
the different districts and how they qualify," she said. "We're very glad for
the grants we do receive."

The number of grants Fitchburg's school district receives is on par with the
amount other districts of similar size and demographics have.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 548 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

WELFARE PAYOUTS - Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

BYLINE: Neva Makgetla

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 820  words


WELFARE PAYOUTS

Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

When rich people complain about rising taxes and inefficient government, they
should take a minute to reflect on the social grant system.

It delivers grants ranging from R380 to R1,600 to 17-million people - almost a
third of the population - every month. In 2015, social grants were the largest
source of income for one in five of all households and for a third of all
households in the poorest 60%. They provided about half of all the income
received by the worst-off 40% of households.

The Department of Social Development's failure to develop a plan to deliver
social grants after March is, therefore, breathtakingly irresponsible. It
directly imperils the livelihoods of more than 3-million households. Indirectly,
it poses a threat to social cohesion, which affects every South African. We hear
a lot about how SA's unusually deep social divisions mean it needs a social
compact. Being one of the world's most unequal economies brings in its train
social and political conflict.

The social grant system is a critical element of the social compact, making it
possible for voters to tolerate SA's extraordinarily inequitable and
exclusionary economy.

Without it, it seems unlikely that democracy could survive, or that the rich
people now complaining about their taxes would be able to enjoy their luxuries
in peace. Social grants are also an investment in the future. They enable
marginalised households to improve their education and health. Since 1994, the
share of SA households going hungry, at least sometimes, has fallen from about
25% to just over 10%. Much of this success is due to social grants.

Most of the grants go to poor households. The poorest 60% of households get
about three-quarters of old-age and child-support grants and, two-thirds of
disability grants.

By themselves, social grants are not enough to lift families out of poverty. The
latest budget pegged old-age and disability pensions at R1,600 a month, and
child grants at just R380. The Statistics SA food poverty line for SA in 2011
(reflated using the consumer price index) comes to about R620 a month per
person. The World Bank's international poverty line of $1.90 per person per day
gives a similar figure.

By these standards, disability and old-age pensions come close to the national
and international poverty lines for a couple. But they only make up a quarter of
all grants. The child support grant accounts for 70% of all grant recipients.
Each one of these grants is enough to end poverty for slightly more than half a
person. For households with no employed people or only low-income work -
domestic, farm and informal workers, for instance - even these very low sums
make the difference between absolute poverty and getting by.

The poorest 20% of households lived on less than R800 a month in 2015. In this
group, fewer than one family in five received an old-age or disability pension,
although about three out of four received a child grant.

The next richest 40% survived on R800 to R1,300 a month. In this group, two
households in five received an old-age or disability grant and, on average, each
household received a child grant.

While individual grants are low, they reach many people and that adds up. The
share of social grants in the GDP climbed from less than 2% in 1994, to 3.2% in
2004. In 2017, they are expected to account for 9% of total government spending.
In recent years, the government has stabilised social grants as a share of the
budget mostly by limiting the growth in coverage, especially for disability,
rather than by holding increases below inflation. In the coming three years, the
number of people getting some kind of social grant is expected to grow faster
than the population. But the number receiving disability grants should fall by
almost 1%.

Social grants are a crucial remedy for the inequalities that continue to shape
SA's economy. But they were not designed for that. They are limited to people
who cannot physically work due to age or disability. That leaves out most
working-age unemployed, who often end up depending on relatives who get grants.

That is why the poorest 20% of households are now almost exclusively young
couples with only one or two children and no grandparents. Of course, it would
be better to transform the economy to generate more real employment
opportunities. But realistically, for the foreseeable future, cash transfers to
households will continue to play a crucial role in empowering poor families.

We need a broader conversation on how they could be moulded into better support
for all of the millions who are marginalised by the economy, beyond their role
as a safety net for SA's most vulnerable citizens.

Dr Makgetla is a senior researcher with Trade & Industrial Policy Strategies.

WITHOUT THE SYSTEM IT SEEMS UNLIKELY THE RICH NOW COMPLAINING ABOUT THEIR TAXES
WOULD BE ABLE TO ENJOY THEIR LUXURIES IN PEACE

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 549 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

WELFARE PAYOUTS - Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

BYLINE: Neva Makgetla

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 820  words


WELFARE PAYOUTS

Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

When rich people complain about rising taxes and inefficient government, they
should take a minute to reflect on the social grant system.

It delivers grants ranging from R380 to R1,600 to 17-million people - almost a
third of the population - every month. In 2015, social grants were the largest
source of income for one in five of all households and for a third of all
households in the poorest 60%. They provided about half of all the income
received by the worst-off 40% of households.

The Department of Social Development's failure to develop a plan to deliver
social grants after March is, therefore, breathtakingly irresponsible. It
directly imperils the livelihoods of more than 3-million households. Indirectly,
it poses a threat to social cohesion, which affects every South African. We hear
a lot about how SA's unusually deep social divisions mean it needs a social
compact. Being one of the world's most unequal economies brings in its train
social and political conflict.

The social grant system is a critical element of the social compact, making it
possible for voters to tolerate SA's extraordinarily inequitable and
exclusionary economy.

Without it, it seems unlikely that democracy could survive, or that the rich
people now complaining about their taxes would be able to enjoy their luxuries
in peace. Social grants are also an investment in the future. They enable
marginalised households to improve their education and health. Since 1994, the
share of SA households going hungry, at least sometimes, has fallen from about
25% to just over 10%. Much of this success is due to social grants.

Most of the grants go to poor households. The poorest 60% of households get
about three-quarters of old-age and child-support grants and, two-thirds of
disability grants.

By themselves, social grants are not enough to lift families out of poverty. The
latest budget pegged old-age and disability pensions at R1,600 a month, and
child grants at just R380. The Statistics SA food poverty line for SA in 2011
(reflated using the consumer price index) comes to about R620 a month per
person. The World Bank's international poverty line of $1.90 per person per day
gives a similar figure.

By these standards, disability and old-age pensions come close to the national
and international poverty lines for a couple. But they only make up a quarter of
all grants. The child support grant accounts for 70% of all grant recipients.
Each one of these grants is enough to end poverty for slightly more than half a
person. For households with no employed people or only low-income work -
domestic, farm and informal workers, for instance - even these very low sums
make the difference between absolute poverty and getting by.

The poorest 20% of households lived on less than R800 a month in 2015. In this
group, fewer than one family in five received an old-age or disability pension,
although about three out of four received a child grant.

The next richest 40% survived on R800 to R1,300 a month. In this group, two
households in five received an old-age or disability grant and, on average, each
household received a child grant.

While individual grants are low, they reach many people and that adds up. The
share of social grants in the GDP climbed from less than 2% in 1994, to 3.2% in
2004. In 2017, they are expected to account for 9% of total government spending.
In recent years, the government has stabilised social grants as a share of the
budget mostly by limiting the growth in coverage, especially for disability,
rather than by holding increases below inflation. In the coming three years, the
number of people getting some kind of social grant is expected to grow faster
than the population. But the number receiving disability grants should fall by
almost 1%.

Social grants are a crucial remedy for the inequalities that continue to shape
SA's economy. But they were not designed for that. They are limited to people
who cannot physically work due to age or disability. That leaves out most
working-age unemployed, who often end up depending on relatives who get grants.

That is why the poorest 20% of households are now almost exclusively young
couples with only one or two children and no grandparents. Of course, it would
be better to transform the economy to generate more real employment
opportunities. But realistically, for the foreseeable future, cash transfers to
households will continue to play a crucial role in empowering poor families.

We need a broader conversation on how they could be moulded into better support
for all of the millions who are marginalised by the economy, beyond their role
as a safety net for SA's most vulnerable citizens.

Dr Makgetla is a senior researcher with Trade & Industrial Policy Strategies.

WITHOUT THE SYSTEM IT SEEMS UNLIKELY THE RICH NOW COMPLAINING ABOUT THEIR TAXES
WOULD BE ABLE TO ENJOY THEIR LUXURIES IN PEACE

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 550 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

WELFARE PAYOUTS - Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

BYLINE: Neva Makgetla

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 820  words


WELFARE PAYOUTS

Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

When rich people complain about rising taxes and inefficient government, they
should take a minute to reflect on the social grant system.

It delivers grants ranging from R380 to R1,600 to 17-million people - almost a
third of the population - every month. In 2015, social grants were the largest
source of income for one in five of all households and for a third of all
households in the poorest 60%. They provided about half of all the income
received by the worst-off 40% of households.

The Department of Social Development's failure to develop a plan to deliver
social grants after March is, therefore, breathtakingly irresponsible. It
directly imperils the livelihoods of more than 3-million households. Indirectly,
it poses a threat to social cohesion, which affects every South African. We hear
a lot about how SA's unusually deep social divisions mean it needs a social
compact. Being one of the world's most unequal economies brings in its train
social and political conflict.

The social grant system is a critical element of the social compact, making it
possible for voters to tolerate SA's extraordinarily inequitable and
exclusionary economy.

Without it, it seems unlikely that democracy could survive, or that the rich
people now complaining about their taxes would be able to enjoy their luxuries
in peace. Social grants are also an investment in the future. They enable
marginalised households to improve their education and health. Since 1994, the
share of SA households going hungry, at least sometimes, has fallen from about
25% to just over 10%. Much of this success is due to social grants.

Most of the grants go to poor households. The poorest 60% of households get
about three-quarters of old-age and child-support grants and, two-thirds of
disability grants.

By themselves, social grants are not enough to lift families out of poverty. The
latest budget pegged old-age and disability pensions at R1,600 a month, and
child grants at just R380. The Statistics SA food poverty line for SA in 2011
(reflated using the consumer price index) comes to about R620 a month per
person. The World Bank's international poverty line of $1.90 per person per day
gives a similar figure.

By these standards, disability and old-age pensions come close to the national
and international poverty lines for a couple. But they only make up a quarter of
all grants. The child support grant accounts for 70% of all grant recipients.
Each one of these grants is enough to end poverty for slightly more than half a
person. For households with no employed people or only low-income work -
domestic, farm and informal workers, for instance - even these very low sums
make the difference between absolute poverty and getting by.

The poorest 20% of households lived on less than R800 a month in 2015. In this
group, fewer than one family in five received an old-age or disability pension,
although about three out of four received a child grant.

The next richest 40% survived on R800 to R1,300 a month. In this group, two
households in five received an old-age or disability grant and, on average, each
household received a child grant.

While individual grants are low, they reach many people and that adds up. The
share of social grants in the GDP climbed from less than 2% in 1994, to 3.2% in
2004. In 2017, they are expected to account for 9% of total government spending.
In recent years, the government has stabilised social grants as a share of the
budget mostly by limiting the growth in coverage, especially for disability,
rather than by holding increases below inflation. In the coming three years, the
number of people getting some kind of social grant is expected to grow faster
than the population. But the number receiving disability grants should fall by
almost 1%.

Social grants are a crucial remedy for the inequalities that continue to shape
SA's economy. But they were not designed for that. They are limited to people
who cannot physically work due to age or disability. That leaves out most
working-age unemployed, who often end up depending on relatives who get grants.

That is why the poorest 20% of households are now almost exclusively young
couples with only one or two children and no grandparents. Of course, it would
be better to transform the economy to generate more real employment
opportunities. But realistically, for the foreseeable future, cash transfers to
households will continue to play a crucial role in empowering poor families.

We need a broader conversation on how they could be moulded into better support
for all of the millions who are marginalised by the economy, beyond their role
as a safety net for SA's most vulnerable citizens.

Dr Makgetla is a senior researcher with Trade & Industrial Policy Strategies.

WITHOUT THE SYSTEM IT SEEMS UNLIKELY THE RICH NOW COMPLAINING ABOUT THEIR TAXES
WOULD BE ABLE TO ENJOY THEIR LUXURIES IN PEACE

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 551 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

WELFARE PAYOUTS - Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

BYLINE: Neva Makgetla

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 820  words


WELFARE PAYOUTS

Stalling of grants puts all of SA at risk

When rich people complain about rising taxes and inefficient government, they
should take a minute to reflect on the social grant system.

It delivers grants ranging from R380 to R1,600 to 17-million people - almost a
third of the population - every month. In 2015, social grants were the largest
source of income for one in five of all households and for a third of all
households in the poorest 60%. They provided about half of all the income
received by the worst-off 40% of households.

The Department of Social Development's failure to develop a plan to deliver
social grants after March is, therefore, breathtakingly irresponsible. It
directly imperils the livelihoods of more than 3-million households. Indirectly,
it poses a threat to social cohesion, which affects every South African. We hear
a lot about how SA's unusually deep social divisions mean it needs a social
compact. Being one of the world's most unequal economies brings in its train
social and political conflict.

The social grant system is a critical element of the social compact, making it
possible for voters to tolerate SA's extraordinarily inequitable and
exclusionary economy.

Without it, it seems unlikely that democracy could survive, or that the rich
people now complaining about their taxes would be able to enjoy their luxuries
in peace. Social grants are also an investment in the future. They enable
marginalised households to improve their education and health. Since 1994, the
share of SA households going hungry, at least sometimes, has fallen from about
25% to just over 10%. Much of this success is due to social grants.

Most of the grants go to poor households. The poorest 60% of households get
about three-quarters of old-age and child-support grants and, two-thirds of
disability grants.

By themselves, social grants are not enough to lift families out of poverty. The
latest budget pegged old-age and disability pensions at R1,600 a month, and
child grants at just R380. The Statistics SA food poverty line for SA in 2011
(reflated using the consumer price index) comes to about R620 a month per
person. The World Bank's international poverty line of $1.90 per person per day
gives a similar figure.

By these standards, disability and old-age pensions come close to the national
and international poverty lines for a couple. But they only make up a quarter of
all grants. The child support grant accounts for 70% of all grant recipients.
Each one of these grants is enough to end poverty for slightly more than half a
person. For households with no employed people or only low-income work -
domestic, farm and informal workers, for instance - even these very low sums
make the difference between absolute poverty and getting by.

The poorest 20% of households lived on less than R800 a month in 2015. In this
group, fewer than one family in five received an old-age or disability pension,
although about three out of four received a child grant.

The next richest 40% survived on R800 to R1,300 a month. In this group, two
households in five received an old-age or disability grant and, on average, each
household received a child grant.

While individual grants are low, they reach many people and that adds up. The
share of social grants in the GDP climbed from less than 2% in 1994, to 3.2% in
2004. In 2017, they are expected to account for 9% of total government spending.
In recent years, the government has stabilised social grants as a share of the
budget mostly by limiting the growth in coverage, especially for disability,
rather than by holding increases below inflation. In the coming three years, the
number of people getting some kind of social grant is expected to grow faster
than the population. But the number receiving disability grants should fall by
almost 1%.

Social grants are a crucial remedy for the inequalities that continue to shape
SA's economy. But they were not designed for that. They are limited to people
who cannot physically work due to age or disability. That leaves out most
working-age unemployed, who often end up depending on relatives who get grants.

That is why the poorest 20% of households are now almost exclusively young
couples with only one or two children and no grandparents. Of course, it would
be better to transform the economy to generate more real employment
opportunities. But realistically, for the foreseeable future, cash transfers to
households will continue to play a crucial role in empowering poor families.

We need a broader conversation on how they could be moulded into better support
for all of the millions who are marginalised by the economy, beyond their role
as a safety net for SA's most vulnerable citizens.

Dr Makgetla is a senior researcher with Trade & Industrial Policy Strategies.

WITHOUT THE SYSTEM IT SEEMS UNLIKELY THE RICH NOW COMPLAINING ABOUT THEIR TAXES
WOULD BE ABLE TO ENJOY THEIR LUXURIES IN PEACE

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 552 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Oscar Grant III's father speaks out on son's notorious death by BART officer

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 738 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- The father of Oscar Grant III testified Tuesday that he
believes his son was intentionally killed at the Fruitvale BART station and he
wants monetary damages, in part, to provide for his granddaughter.

"The man was killed in cold blood: No ifs, ands or buts about it," said Oscar
Grant Jr., testifying for the first time about his son's notorious slaying at
the civil trial where he is suing former BART officer Johannes Mehserle for
fatally shooting 22-year-old Oscar Grant III on New Year's Day 2009. "I don't
care how they say it, it was not an accident.

"They took the most precious thing in the world to me -- my only child," said
Grant Jr., 50.

Mehserle, who has repeatedly testified that he meant to use a Taser instead of a
gun on the Hayward man, was acquitted of murder and convicted of involuntary
manslaughter for the shooting on the Fruitvale BART station platform that was
caught by cell phone video cameras and sparked protests and riots before
inspiring the major motion picture, "Fruitvale Station."

When the trial closes Friday, Mehserle attorney Michael Rains is expected to
argue that Grant Jr. is not entitled to damages because he deprived himself of a
relationship with his son. The elder Grant was convicted of an 1985 Oakland
murder and has spent his late son's entire life behind bars. The jury knows that
Grant Jr., 50, is serving time in Solano state prison, but has been forbidden
from hearing the details of his criminal record, as well as Grant III's own
arrests and convictions before his death.

Grant Jr.'s leg shackles could be heard rattling Tuesday as he walked to and
from the witness stand dressed in a gray suit, blue shirt, and multicolored tie.
After showing the jury a photo of himself dressed in prison blues and holding a
baby Oscar at the Old Folsom Prison, he described a long and close relationship
with his son facilitated through prison visits, letters and phone calls.

The elder Grant said that he and his son had plans for when he was paroled:
sports games, barbecues, family reunions, and quiet times with Grant III's
daughter Tatiana, now nearly 10. Grant Jr. said he filed the lawsuit out of a
respect for his son, because he wants to help take care of Tatiana, and because
he wants the chance to pay restitution for his own crimes.

"I've already paid for my crime, I'd like to give back to the community," said
Grant Jr., who according to a trial brief filed by his lawyer expects to be
paroled in the next couple years after four prior denials by the state parole
board.

Grant Jr. became combative when Rains questioned the depth of his relationship
with his son by asking if he knew the names of the schools Grant III attended,
whether he played high school sports, knew his daughter's birthday, his friend's
names, or whether he had a job or a cell phone. Grant Jr. could not answer many
of the questions, and Rains was quick to point out any answers that differed
from those Grant Jr. gave during a 2010 deposition.

If Grant Jr. was so eager to get out of prison to be with his son, Rains asked,
why did he keep getting in trouble in prison for offenses like drug possession
over the years?

"What does my prison record have to do with your officer killing my son,
shooting my son in the back?" Grant Jr. asked angrily.

Grant Jr. said Grant III last visited him in prison in 2002. He last spoke to
his son three days before his Jan. 1, 2009 death.

"I told him, if you decide you wanna drink, don't drive your car. Catch the bus
or ride the BART," Grant Jr. said.

Earlier in the day, jurors heard testimony from Terry Foreman, Mehserle's
support officer after the shooting, who described how Mehserle's first child was
born on the same day Grant III was killed.

"I took a life and I brought a life into this world," Foreman quoted a
distraught Mehserle saying at the hospital.

Grant Jr. testified that he doesn't have anything against Mehserle personally,
but the former officer has not acknowledged him or apologized to him at the
trial. Mehserle has not been in attendance since he testified the first week.

"All I (have) to look at is memories, while he be running around talking about
his brand-new son. He can kick it with his son, while I can't," Grant Jr. said.

"I loved my son to death, like any other father who loves their son," he said.
"I miss my son. I miss the opportunities."

Contact Malaika Fraley at 925-234-1684. Follow her at Twitter.com/malaikafraley
.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Waukeen McCoy, attorney for Oscar Grant Jr., meets members of the media
as he leaves the Phillip Burton Federal Court House in San Francisco, Calif., on
Thursday, June 11, 2014. A federal civil trial is underway against former BART
police officer Johannes Mehserle in the 2009 shooting death of Oscar Grant III
at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland. Grants' father, Oscar Grant Jr., is
the plaintiff in the case and is currently in prison serving a murder conviction
from 1985. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 553 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 6, 2002 Saturday

Galena also home to lesser-known Grant home; Pre-Civil War: Site is not open to
public

BYLINE: BECKY SISCO

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: GALENA, Ill.


Each year thousands of tourists flock to the Ulysses S. Grant home on
Bouthillier Street in Galena. Grant lived in the large Italianate-style home for
a short time after the Civil War, when he was a presidential candidate.

On a quiet street on the other side of town, where tourists seldom go, is the
home where Grant and his family lived before the Civil War. Steve Repp calls it
"Grant's other home."

Repp, a Galena historian and author of a short biography on Grant's life in
Galena, looks after the home for its owners, the Rod Nelson family, of Geneva.
With permission from the Nelsons, Repp occasionally gives private tours of
Grant's other home.

Built in 1859 and located at 121 S. High St., Grant's other home is an
unpretentious but comfortable seven-room brick house.

Grant, his wife, Julia, and their four children began renting the home during
the spring of 1860. Grant had graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West
Point and had served in the army from 1843-54. During the next several years he
farmed and sold real estate. In 1860 he moved to Galena to work with his two
brothers in the family's leather goods business.

The High Street house looks much like it did when Grant lived there. Although it
has had seven owners and contains none of the Grant family's furniture, one can
imagine Grant quietly reading the newspaper or playing with his children in the
parlor. The owners have furnished it in late 1800s decor, and the original
woodwork remains intact.

Grant paid about $$ @100 per year in rent while earning $$ @50 per month at the
leather store, according to Repp.

"We were most pleasantly situated, although the Captain (Grant) was occupying a
humble position, being only a clerk in his father's business house and
necessarily having but a small salary," Julia wrote in her memoirs. "But it was
enough and we were happy."

According to Repp's biography, Grant served as a collection agent, bought and
sold leather goods, weighed hides and did the billing.

Many Galena townspeople did not know Grant before the Civil War, according to
Repp. Some remembered him as a quiet man, but others found him to be an
interesting conversationalist, he said.

After the Civil War began in April 1861, Grant left the leather firm to form a
company of volunteer soldiers. The firm agreed to provide an income for his
family until he could do so himself. His father's former business partner lent
him the money to buy a uniform and a horse.

Grant rode the train with the volunteers to Springfield, but he was given a job
doing paperwork in the adjutant general's office. Grant made it clear that he
preferred to be involved in the fighting and soon was assigned to the 21st
Illinois Volunteers as a colonel, according to Repp. Grant eventually
distinguished himself as a clever war strategist. In 1864, he received full
command of the Union army.

In August of 1865 Grant returned to Galena a war hero. Thirteen residents gave
him the house on Bouthillier Street, which is now a popular state historic site.
In 1868, Grant was elected president.

<br>

<br>

Grant birthday celebration set

The Spirits of the Galena Historical Society and Museum will host a celebration
April 19-21 in honor of Ulysses S. Grant's birthday. The celebration will
include the following activities:

April 19: Zeno's Carnival of Culture, 7 p.m., Grant City Park, Galena; $$ @5.

April 20 and 21: Civil War encampments, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday; 10 a.m. to 4
p.m. Sunday. U.S. Grant Home State Historic Site and Old Market House State
Historic Site; free.

Blackhawk War encampment, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday; 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday.
East bank of the Galena River; free.

Guided walking tour of Grant's neighborhood, 1:30 and 3:30 p.m. Saturday; noon
Sunday. Starting at the Old Train Depot Visitor Information Center; $$ @5.

April 20: Program on women's clothing from 1800-80, 10:30 a.m., DeSoto House
Hotel; $$ @5.

Program on female abolitionists, 3 p.m., DeSoto House Hotel; free.

Period dance lessons, 4:30 p.m., DeSoto House Hotel; $$ @5. Or 7 p.m. DeSoto
House Hotel. Free to Military Ball ticket holders.

Grand Military Ball, 8 p.m., DeSoto House Hotel. $$ @40 per person. Period dress
required.

April 21: Program on men's clothing from 1800-80, 10:30 a.m., DeSoto House
Hotel; $$ @5.


LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Repp, of Galena, Ill., helps take care of one of Galena's
lesser-known treasures, a home once occupied by the family of General Ulysses S.
Grant before the Civil War. After the war, Grant's family moved to the state
historic site now open to the public.

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 554 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           January 11, 2007 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Cary Grant succeeded with clothes and class

BYLINE: DEBRA D. BASS

SECTION: EVERYDAY; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 871 words


Today's celebrities often are the punch lines of jokes. Many conjure a sense of
wonder, sometimes awe, but few are actually revered or esteemed. The very idea
of today's movie stars is sullied compared with their seemingly polished
counterparts of the past.

Celebrity has been diminished, and it all has to do with a lack of fine style.
In Richard Torregrossa's new book, "Cary Grant: A Celebration of Style" ($35,
Bulfinch Press), is a portrait of a fashion icon who would never have been
considered a maverick. He didn't flaunt or grandstand. He was revered for simply
being flawless.

But Grant was, in fact, very human. He endured a heartbreaking childhood, a
surprising first career as a burlesque acrobat, four divorces and a fifth
marriage in his twilight years to a woman 46 years his junior. There was gossip
and scandal, but it never diminished Grant. He soared above the fray in high
fashion. Soon, people only remembered his aplomb.

Conversely, many celebrities today spend small fortunes to cultivate a unique,
mystic style, but their efforts generally make them appear frivolous. And this
very frivolousness is what most are desperately trying to overcome. It's no
coincidence that anyone with more than a modicum of respect also reflects more
than a modicum of style. The opposite is also true.

"We know too much about these people," said Jeigh Singleton, who heads the
fashion design program at Washington University. "We know every tattoo. We've
seen their underwear. We've seen them without underwear, and that's not what
makes an icon of style."

A true believer

Grant was not an architect of style, but a true believer who benefited from its
transformative powers, Singleton said. Grant's story is romantic and dreamy
because Grant was romantic and dreamy. He favored gray suits and crisp white
shirts; his ties were conservative yet classic; and his shoes impeccably
polished. He mastered clothing as dutifully as he mastered his trademark
clipped, wry banter.

The grade school dropout, who had to compete with the likes of performers such
as Gary Cooper, Fred Astaire and Clark Gable, was always perceived as erudite
largely through the magic of style.

No one embodies near-perfection like Cary Grant. Singleton suggest we coin the
honorary phrase "very Cary" to epitomize fashion excellence. When audiences,
critics and fellow actors talked of Grant, everyone gushed with compliments and
accolades. He was even forgiven for a short-lived affair with bow ties.

The illusion that Grant lived life flawlessly was solidified by the way he
dressed. Impeccable is synonymous with Cary Grant.

"Everyone wants to be Cary Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant," Grant once
quipped.

His wit was as legendary as his style, and that quip was all the more ironic
because Grant was born with the name Archibald Leach on Jan. 18, 1904. The son
of a poor, dysfunctional British family in Bristol, England, his father was a
pants presser and his mother was troubled. She disappeared from his life when he
was 9 and reappeared 20 years later in a sanitorium.

But by that time, her Archie was in Hollywood with a new name. He visited her
often and arranged for her care until her death.

We didn't know Archibald Leach, because he was wholly transformed by the costume
of Cary Grant.

Grant was born handsome. But his finely tuned style and charisma made him
dazzling, attributes that are sadly lacking in many of today's celebrities now
that drug habits, marital disputes, behaving badly and dressing like adolescents
are in vogue.

"When I learned about his life and the adversity, it didn't square with the
image on the screen," author Torregrossa said speaking from Los Angeles. "It
impressed me even more that he transcended his own personal problems by using
the raw materials of style and fashion."

A role model

We live in an era of makeovers, but Grant was a pioneer, Torregrossa said. The
book details the key elements of Grant's style and dissects the finished object.
Torregrossa defines Grant as a role model to be emulated. He confesses that
while writing the book, he started dressing the part. He couldn't describe
Grant's high style while sitting around in sweat pants - "I thought Cary would
be appalled."

Singleton said: "A lot of people are still trying to be Cary Grant. The closest
is probably (George) Clooney, I like that he always looks classic and suitable
for framing. That's very Cary Grant."

In his book, Torregrossa says that Clooney, Hugh Grant, Jude Law and Pierce
Brosnan have all been compared with or hailed as the "new Cary Grant," but none
has measured up.

So what would Grant say about today's style?

Torregrossa says Grant was not judgmental but probably would have been
disappointed.

"He knew that the way you dressed could be used as a tool of empowerment,"
Torregrossa said. "Women have discovered this a long time ago. It's the first
impression you make. Grant knew he had to dress like the man he wanted to
become. It's a very simple concept but a very powerful one for a poor boy from
Bristol."

Clooney gave Brad Pitt and Matt Damon each a copy of Torregrossa's book, along
with a pair of cuff links.

And the author recently signed a copy for Tom Cruise.

Torregrossa's prediction: "I think the suit is coming back."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  STYLE MATTERS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Cary Grant flashes the classic style for which he was known in "The
Philadelphia Story" (1940), which co-starred Katharine Hepburn and James
Stewart. File photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 555 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                 Guelph Tribune

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday
                                  ONT Edition

More faade improvement grants in offing

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 724  words


Several properties in the city's core are getting face-lifts this year with help
from city hall.

City council approved matching grants totalling almost $125,000 in July to help
a dozen downtown merchants and property owners improve building faades.

In a second round of grants set to go to council for approval on Sept. 26, six
more buildings will be considered for almost $61,000 worth of faade improvement
grants.

It's the second year of the city hall program, which includes matching grants of
up to $30,000 for faade improvements, as well as matching grants of up to $5,000
for feasibility studies. Such studies aim to help businesses and property owners
determine if building renovations or upgrades are physically and financially
feasible.

The 12 businesses approved for grants in July were picked from 29 applications,
said a city staff report at that time.

"The projects are generally located within the historic sections of downtown and
range from $1,000 to $171,000 in construction value, representing everything
from signage replacement to full faade restoration," the report said.

The investment ratio between the $447,927 total value of the projects to be
undertaken and the $124,506 in city grants was 2.6 to one, the July report
noted.

City staff were planning to ask council to commit to a multi-year program of
faade-improvement grants as part of 2012 city budgeting.

The city is currently working on an Official Plan amendment to enlarge the area
covered by the city's Community Improvement Plan for the downtown. Businesses on
the west side of Norfolk Street, for example, would be eligible for the faade
improvement grants if the boundary is expanded, the report said.

The 12 business locations that got grants in July were:

26 Douglas St. a $10,000 grant to the property owners towards a $44,131 project
that includes a new storefront design involving extended limestone columns, a
new door and installation of wooden soffits. Work was being done at this and the
other Douglas Street properties before businesses opened in them.

24-26 Wilson St. a $20,000 grant to the property owners of the building that
houses Millenium Clothing and Apple Salon towards a $47,367 project that
includes repainting, restoration of stonework and wood faade, window
replacement, new awnings and new lighting.

24 Douglas St. a 10,000 grant to the property owners towards a $28,789 project
to redesign the storefront, including removal of a metal canopy and vinyl
siding.

9 Douglas St. a $3,183 grant to the property owners towards a project costing
twice that much that includes door refinishing, repairing and painting windows,
and installing storm windows.

112-114 Wyndham St. N. a $5,000 grant to the property owners towards an $11,300
feasibility study related to the back part of the property, which was vacant.

55 Wyndham St. N. (Old Quebec Street) a $20,000 grant towards a $171,000 project
for new signage and a new faade on Macdonell Street.

41 Quebec St. (The Bookshelf) a $10,000 grant towards a $26,328 project for new
signage.

20 Carden St. (Guelph Music) a $7,493 grant towards a project costing twice that
much that includes new signage and the repairing and washing of bricks.

24 Wilson St. (Millennium Clothing) a $671 grant towards a project costing twice
that much for new signage.

6 Carden St. (BIN 23) a $3,208 grant towards a project costing twice that much
for new signage and lighting.

37 Quebec St. (eBar) a $4,950 grant towards a project costing twice that much
for new signage.

2 Quebec St. (Park Mall) a $30,000 grant towards an $80,000 project for new
awnings.

The six projects recommended by staff in the second round of grants, which have
yet to be approved by council, are:

27 Quebec St. a $10,000 grant towards a $25,200 project to repair stonework and
woodwork and do some painting.

97-99 Wyndham St. a $7,018 grant towards a project costing twice that much to
replace glass blocks and add new windows.

93 Wyndham St. a $10,000 grant towards a $34,000 project to repair brick, stone
and wood and do painting.

133 Wyndham St. $10,000 towards a $38,500 project involving repointing,
cleaning, signage and painting.

30-42 Quebec St. a $10,000 grant towards a $22,800 project for painting and
washing the building and repairing stonework and brickwork.

90 Carden St. a $13,846 grant towards a project costing twice that much for new
windows.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 556 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday

Bud Grant: Vikings asked me to replace Mike Tice, but for too little money

BYLINE: By Sean Jensen sjensen@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Vikings

LENGTH: 681 words


The Vikings offered Bud Grant the chance to replace Mike Tice as coach less than
a decade ago but wouldn't pay the Pro Football Hall of Fame member what he
wanted, Grant wrote in his new book, "I Did It My Way."

Then-Vikings owner Red McCombs telephoned Grant "well into" an up-and-down
season to see if he were interested in the job, Grant wrote in a book
co-authored by Jim Bruton. The season was identified as 2005, but Grant likely
meant 2004, because new owner Zygi Wilf's first season was 2005. Grant also
wrote that the Vikings had gone 9-7 in 2004 and missed the playoffs, but that
happened during the 2003 season.

McCombs confirmed Monday afternoon that he did ask Grant on several occasions
what it would take for him to return as a coach.

"I would have been delighted if he had worked in a coaching position," McCombs
told the Pioneer Press. "But I never gathered that was something he wanted to
do."

Asked if late in the 2004 season was one of those times, McCombs said: "I don't
have any idea myself. I talked about it more than once. I never sensed it was
anything that he had any real interest in doing."

A longtime team consultant, Grant expressed frustration to McCombs about not
being utilized as a resource when the Texan took over the team. McCombs took him
up on the offer, consulting him on a range of topics.

Immediately after buying the Vikings in 1998, McCombs said he literally bumped
into Grant at Winter Park.

"I started down the hall to the little conference room, and he came out, and we
met jaw to jaw," McCombs said. "I didn't even know he had an office out there. I
was stunned."

McCombs recalled the initial exchange.

McCombs: "You're Bud Grant."

Grant: "That's what my mother named me."

Grant then informed McCombs that he was a consultant for the team, with an
office and a secretary, but he lamented that no one sought his input.

"I said, 'Well, does that carry over to me?' " McCombs recalled.

Grant said yes, and they immediately met in a conference room.

"Bud was an unbelievable resource to me," McCombs said. "Most people were never
aware of it, because we didn't go hunting or fishing together. We developed a
relationship that was priceless.

"Several times, I asked what would it take for him to consider getting back into
coaching. He never indicated he was interested. He said he would help if I
needed it."

In his book, though, Grant made clear that he was interested late in 2004.

Grant told McCombs no at first, according to the book. But when McCombs called
again in December, saying the Vikings would fire Tice after the next game, which
was at Detroit, Grant said he would consider it.

The Vikings won that game, but McCombs still wanted Grant to replace Tice,
according to the book. Grant questioned the timing of making a move after a
victory, but McCombs wanted to do it anyway, offering to pay Grant what Tice was
making that year and then a new salary for the following season.

"Red, Tice is the lowest-paid coach in the National Football League," Grant
wrote that he told McCombs. "I am not going to accept that."

McCombs and then-Vikings executive Gary Woods offered about $150,000 per game,
Grant wrote, but Grant wanted $1 less than what the NFL's highest-paid coach at
the time was making. Grant estimates that was probably $4 million to $5 million
a year.

The Vikings' counteroffer "wasn't even close," Grant wrote, and the deal was
off.

"I would have come back," wrote Grant, who already had two stints as Vikings
coach (1967-83 and 1985). "I thought the Vikings had a pretty good team, and
returning to coaching was kind of an exciting thought. The money would have been
good, and I thought it might be fun to come back to coaching -- for a short
time, anyway. It certainly would have been exciting to do at 78 years old."

Assuming that was the 2004 season, Grant actually would have been 77. After that
win at Detroit in 2004, the Vikings lost their final two regular-season games to
fall to 8-8 after a 5-1 start. Still, they made the playoffs as a wild-card team
and beat the Green Bay Packers in the first round before losing to Philadelphia.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bud Grant (File photo)
Pro Football Hall of Fame inductee Chris Doleman, left, with former Vikings
player and Hall of Famer Bud Grant at a press conference in Eden Prairie, Minn.,
on Thursday, February 9, 2012 (Pioneer Press: Ben Garvin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 557 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                 June 23, 2015

A dram-atic win for Grant's

LENGTH: 598  words


Reinforcing its position as one of the whisky industry's most revered blended
Scotch whiskies, Grant's has received nine medals at The Global Scotch Whisky
Masters 2015, including four Gold and five Silver medals.

The results of the annual Scotch Whisky Masters are highly anticipated and the
competition is one of the most respected and high-profile blind tasting
competitions in the industry. Now in its eighth year, this year's competition
received a record-breaking number of entries reflecting the best of the
industry's innovations and making up 28 categories of The Global Scotch Whisky
Masters. The results, published in the June edition of The Spirits Business,
mark a true achievement for Grant's and continue to affirm its blended malt
credentials.

With nine awards across the 11 Blended Malt categories, Grant's adds a new
chapter to its award-winning story. With four highly coveted Gold medals for the
newly released Grant's Signature, the newly released Grant's Select Reserve,
Grant's 18 Year Old and Grant's 25 Year Old, the awards are recognition of five
generations of passion, hard work and independent thinking from dedicated
experts and craftsman.

Grant's Master Blender Brian Kinsman commented, "These awards are one of the
most respected blind tasting spirits competitions and to have received a total
of nine awards is testament to the lengths we go to at Grant's to produce the
finest quality whisky."

The Global Scotch Whisky Masters is the only competition that uses entirely
independent judges from across the spirits industry.

Grant's awards at The Global Scotch Whisky Masters 2015:

Blended: standard:

Gold, Grant's Signature
Gold, Grant's Select Reserve
Silver, Grant's Family Reserve
Silver, Grant's Ale Cask
Silver, Grant's Sherry Cask

Blended; aged up to 12 years

Silver, Grant's 8 Year Old
Silver, Grant's 12 Year Old

Blended: aged 13-18 years

Gold, Grant's 18 Year Old

Blended: aged 19-30 years

Gold, Grant's 25 Year Old

About Grant's

They say no man grows great alone. And at Grant's we know this better than
anyone. It all began back in 1886 when William Grant, his seven sons and two
daughters began building their own distillery. Five generations later, the same
family is still at the heart of everything we do. Today, we sell over 54 million
bottles each year in over 180 countries, which make us one of the world's most
enjoyed whiskies. But we didn't get here on our own. It's taken years of
passion, hard work and independent thinking. The expert skills of the dedicated
craftsmen making our award-winning whisky now are staying true to a 100-year-old
recipe. And we are still working with people around the world to innovate and
grow the Grant's range, while never forgetting our heritage roots. To everyone
who helped us along the way - we salute you.

Please join us to follow our journey:

Facebook: facebook.com/grantswhisky
Twitter: @Grantswhisky
YouTube: youtube.com/grantswhisky

About William Grant & Sons

William Grant & Sons Holdings Ltd is an independent family-owned distiller and
was founded by William Grant in 1887. Today the company owns some of the world's
leading brands of Scotch whisky, including the world's most awarded single malt
Glenfiddich®, The Balvenie® range of handcrafted single malts and the world's
third largest blended Scotch, Grant's®, as well as other iconic spirits brands
such as Hendrick's® gin, Sailor Jerry® spiced rum, Tullamore D.E.W.® Irish
whiskey and Drambuie® Scotch Liqueur.

For more information on the company, please visit www.williamgrant.com

Stand Together. Drink Grant's responsibly.

2013 Standard Publications Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2015 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 558 of 866 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: November 1, 2006

                           MOTORCYCLES UNLIMITED, LLC

                                 404 S WATER ST
                           JONESBORO,  IN 46938-1124
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 828274325

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
5571 - Motorcycle & All-Terrain Vehicle D

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TAX LIENS:

     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07656720
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,128



     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07763749
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,100




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07656715
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,124




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07656105
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,816




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07737349
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,090




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07761445
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,106




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07754751
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,095




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07656200
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,807




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07655842
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,832




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07779361
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,116




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07655954
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,824




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07785048
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,111




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07655786
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,841




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07655609
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,848




     ·    Date Filed: 4/21/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07788135
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,121




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07779361
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,116




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07785048
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,111




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07763749
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,100




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07788135
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,121




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07761445
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,106




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07737349
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,090




     ·    Date Filed: 4/7/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07754751
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,095




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07656715
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,124




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07656200
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,807




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07656105
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,816




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07655954
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,824




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07655842
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,832




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07655786
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,841




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07655609
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,848




     ·    Date Filed: 3/3/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07656720
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  1,128


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                          FOCUS - 559 of 866 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: November 1, 2006

                              AZTEC NITE CLUB, INC

                              3018 S WASHINGTON ST
                             MARION,  IN 46953-4020
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 826659323

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    ITZA MARTINEZ, INCORPORAT
     ·    OMAR RAMIREZ, INCORPORAT


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5813 - Drinking Places, Alcoholic Beverag
SECONDARY SIC:
7997 - Membership Sports & Recreation Clu
8641 - Civic, Social & Fraternal Associat

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TAX LIENS:

     ·    Date Filed: 10/7/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08716608
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  251



     ·    Date Filed: 9/28/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08166379
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  414




     ·    Date Filed: 9/28/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08164826
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  366




     ·    Date Filed: 9/7/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08598814
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  621




     ·    Date Filed: 8/3/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08598814
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  621




     ·    Date Filed: 6/22/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08547337
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  255




     ·    Date Filed: 6/8/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08533637
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  440




     ·    Date Filed: 6/8/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08533639
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  305




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08426317
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  617




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08409599
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  617




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08166087
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  52




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07875034
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  61




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08165718
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  206




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08166088
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  70




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08164825
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  160




     ·    Date Filed: 4/27/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 08166089
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  183




     ·    Date Filed: 3/30/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08426317
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  617




     ·    Date Filed: 3/17/2011
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08409599
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  617




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08165718
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  206




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08166379
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  414




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08166089
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  183




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08166088
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  70




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08166087
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  52




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08164826
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  366




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 08164825
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  160




     ·    Date Filed: 9/22/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07935036
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  331




     ·    Date Filed: 8/4/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07935036
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  331




     ·    Date Filed: 5/12/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-REL
     ·    Document Number: 07874829
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  50




     ·    Date Filed: 4/14/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07875034
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  61




     ·    Date Filed: 4/14/2010
     ·    Type: STAT-TX-LN
     ·    Document Number: 07874829
     ·    Filing Location: GRANT COUNTY CIRCUIT
     ·    Liability Amount:  USD  50


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                          FOCUS - 560 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                 Guelph Tribune

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday
                                  ONT Edition

New grant system sees recipient shift

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 714  words


By Doug HallettGuelph TribuneAn official says city hall is happy about the
initial results of its new and "quite unique" way of allotting grants to local
community groups."I think it took longer than we envisioned, but the group
certainly rose to the challenge," said Barbara Powell, the city's general
manager of community engagement and social services.The new grant process
resulted in a significant shift in grant recipients for 2014, she said in an
interview.A new eight-member committee of citizens reviewed 77 applications for
2014 grants, including 35 from organizations that hadn't applied for grant
funding for 2013.The list of chosen recipients of 2014 grants includes 14
first-time recipients, Powell said. Thirteen of these were first-time
applicants, while one had applied unsuccessfully in the past.Meanwhile, nine
organizations that had received a grant for 2013 didn't receive one for 2014,
she said.Previously, the city "had various types of review groups" looking at
city grant applications, Powell said, but city council "always had the final
authority" over grant decisions - which it no longer has."I think they (the
citizen committee) made really good decisions, and it's been a very effective
process," said Powell. She said Guelph is "quite unique" among municipalities in
its new approach to grants.The city's new grant process involves not only a new
decision-making body, but also new criteria for handing out grants.

Up to now, the city has awarded three "streams" of grants in the categories of
health and social services, arts and culture, and special events.Starting for
2014, city grants are being handed out based on the goals of Guelph's Community
Wellbeing Initiative. These include increasing democratic participation,
increasing the city's living standards, promoting healthy living, improving
community vitality, and supporting endeavours in arts and culture, leisure,
education and environment. "It is broader in terms of the kinds of activities
that are available for funding," Powell said.The city announced this month that
a total of $279,400 is being granted this year to 43 local not-for-profit
organizations, with $15,000 being the maximum grant. The grant pot was $25,000
higher than it was for 2013, as a result of a decision made by council for the
city's 2014 budget.Wellington Water Watchers, which among other things is a
high-profile critic of Nestlé's water-bottling operation in Aberfoyle, was one
of the new grant recipients in 2014. Its $7,000 grant is to "oversee educational
activities and volunteers," Powell said.Groups are ineligible for city grants
"if they are primarily political in nature," but Wellington Water Watchers
wasn't seen as being such a group, she said.Two groups, the Guelph Arts Council
and the Guelph Jazz Festival, received the maximum grant of $15,000
each.Lakeside Church and the Lakeside Hope House, which is operated by Lakeside
Church in the former Norfolk Street United Church in the downtown, were both on
the list of recipients, each receiving $7,500 grants. Powell said the two
grants, which total $15,000, are for different activities."According to the
applications, they are separately incorporated organizations with distinct
incorporation numbers and charitable numbers. Had they been the same
corporation, then only one of the applications would have been reviewed," she
said.Lakeside Church applied for a grant to work in collaboration with Five Star
Relationships to provide subsidized one-to-one counselling support and walk-in
services to low-income city residents. Lakeside Hope House applied for a grant
to expand its program to provide access and education related to "fresh,
nutritious food for residents experiencing food insecurity," she said.Powell
said the eight people picked for the grant committee were recruited in the same
way that city hall recruits to fill posts on a wide variety of city boards and
committees. The eight members who were chosen were seen as "broadly
representative" of the spectrum of groups eligible for city grants, she said.The
grant committee is chaired by Alison Govier, and J. C. Blokhuis is the
vice-chair. The other members of the panel are Bruce Mackenzie, E. Lin Grist,
Jennifer Gazzola, Lorna Schwartzentruber, Morris Twist and Sally Wismer.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 561 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Jingdu Tianhua takes over as Grant Thornton's HK member;
Appointment heralds fresh start for united business operation

BYLINE: Enoch Yiu

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 799 words


Grant Thornton International has appointed a new Hong Kong member firm after its
existing operation in the city became embroiled in lawsuits related to its
former missing boss Gabriel Ricardo Dias-Azedo.

The new firm, Jingdu Tianhua Hong Kong, has been set up by Grant Thornton's
mainland firm and is headed by Daniel Lin Ching-yee. It has five partners and 60
staff in Hong Kong and will work with the larger Grant Thornton operation in the
mainland where it has 65 partners and 1,500 staff.

The firm has applied to the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
the city's accountancy regulator, to adopt the Grant Thornton name some time
next year. Grant Thornton is one of the world's leading networks of
independently owned and managed accounting and consulting firms

The existing Grant Thornton's Hong Kong member firm will cease operation at the
end of this year after an exodus of more than 600 accountants to rival BDO.

Grant Thornton International global leadership board member Alex MacBeath denied
its decision to cut links with the existing Hong Kong member firm was related to
the lawsuits involving Azedo, but said it was a result of disagreement with the
existing firm's partners on how to  expand in the mainland.

MacBeath said Grant Thornton International took the mainland market very
seriously and wanted the Hong Kong member firm to work with Grant Thornton in
China as a single unit.

The Hong Kong partners had disagreed with that strategy. As a result, as at the
end of September, Grant Thornton International notified the Hong Kong member
firm to leave the global organisation by the end of March next year.

That triggered the existing Grant Thornton Hong Kong chief executive Patrick
Rozario to jump ship with 600 accountants, including 70 partners, to BDO,
doubling Hong Kong BDO to 1,100 staff.

Rozario also denied the closure of the Hong Kong office was related to the Azedo
lawsuits.

He said he and his team preferred to work at BDO as its member firms run
independently in Hong Kong and China respectively.

"Time will tell whether Grant Thornton is heading in the right direction to run
Hong Kong and China as one market," MacBeath said. "The merger of the Hong Kong
and China Grant Thornton will provide a better competitive edge."

MacBeath aims to increase the Hong Kong and China staff to a combined 5,000 in
five years, from 1,500 now and for total revenue to be increased to 2 billion
yuan, from about 400 million yuan last year.

Daniel Lin Ching-yee, managing partner of Jingdu Tianhua Hong Kong, shares that
optimistic view. "China and Hong Kong need to be run as a single market," he
said. "About 70 per cent of our work for  clients involves work in China."

Lin's four other partners are all former Grant Thornton Hong Kong partners who
left in recent months.

They will base Jingdu Tianhua Hong Kong in a new office in Causeway Bay and have
recruited 60 staff. They plan to hire more and to have 120 people by January,
when the new office would be in full operation.

Xu Hua, chairman and managing partner of Grant Thornton China, said the existing
Grant Thornton Hong Kong member firm had little connection with the China
office. He believed the new member firm, when integrated with the mainland
office, would serve clients better.

Grant Thornton's Hong Kong member firm came under the spotlight after its
retired managing partner Gabriel Ricardo Dias-Azedo disappeared in September
last year, allegedly going into hiding with a great deal of money belonging to
those close to him.

At the end of last month, the Court of First Instance accepted an application to
have Azedo declared bankrupt by his distant cousin, Angela Gardner. Mr Justice
Thomas Au Hing-cheung said evidence indicated he had probably absconded.

Numerous lawsuits have been filed since Azedo disappeared, not only against him,
but also against Grant Thornton.

Grant Thornton said the firm had done nothing wrong.

Called to account

2009 Sep

Grant Thornton Hong Kong's retired managing partner Gabriel Ricardo Dias-Azedo
disappears.

2009 Oct

Archie and Betty da Silva file lawsuits against Azedo and Grant Thornton for the
US$2 million they gave Azedo to set up a trust fund.

2009 Nov

Angela Gardner, a toy company trader and Azedo¡¦s cousin, files lawsuits to
claim US$9 million from Azedo and Grant Thornton, for the sum she gave Azedo to
invest.

Sep 20

Grant Thornton International informs Grant Thornton Hong Kong to leave the
global organisation by March 2011.

October 7

Grant Thornton Hong Kong says its 600 accountants will join BDO at the end of
the year when the firm will cease operation.

October 28

High Court declares Azedo bankrupt.

November 2

Grant Thornton International announces Jingdu Tianhua as its new affiliate firm
in Hong Kong. It will adopt the name Grant Thornton in due course.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gabriel Ricardo Dias-Azedo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 562 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 30, 2000, Sunday

IT TAKES 2 FOR LENNOX TO WIN Makes quick work of Grant with KO

BYLINE: By TIM SMITH DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 701 words

Two Big! One Bad!

In a thunderous performance, Lennox Lewis chopped Michael Grant down to size
with a right hand that he wielded like Paul Bunyan's ax last night at Madison
Square Garden. Lewis turned Grant into a statue with a stunning right uppercut
that bordered on an illegal blow, knocking out the challenger at 2:53 of the
second round. Grant was counted out flat on his back as he failed to beat
referee Arthur Mercante Jr.'s 10 count.

"It was only a matter of time," Lewis said. "I was shocked. I was very surprised
when he came at me. I realized that I had superior hand speed."

With Grant weighing 250 pounds and Lewis weighing 247, it was the heaviest
combined heavyweight title bout ever. A victory by Grant - who is 6-7 - would
have made him the tallest heavyweight champion ever. Instead he came up short in
his first championship bout and was completely outclassed by Lewis (36-1-1, 28
KO's). It was the most explosive performance of Lewis' career to date and
certainly puts to rest the question of whether he is the best heavyweight in the
game today. Lewis earned $10 million for the fight - in which he defended his
IBF and WBC titles - while Grant (30-1-1, 20 KO's) earned $4 million.

"I was just too anxious," Grant said. "People were looking for me to bring this
thing home. I just didn't execute the things my corner was telling me or the
things I needed to do."

Grant spent the last few minutes before he left his dressing room praying in a
circle with his corner people and his entourage. Lewis looked very cool and very
confident. The crowd of 17,324 at the Garden was electric. They had come to see
a war befitting two big men. What they saw was a walkover by Lewis.

Lennox came out swinging, and an overly aggressive Grant walked right into most
of the shots Lewis threw. Lewis sent Grant to the canvas three times in the
first round. On the first knockdown, he nailed Grant with a right to the body
and a right to the side of the head that sent the young challenger to the canvas
at 1:22.

Grant was back up at seven, but he was wobbly. The second knockdown was a
harbinger of things to come, as Lewis was holding Grant's head with his left
hand and delivered a big right that sent Grant sprawling into the ring post.
Lewis knocked Grant down late in the round with a sharp right hand. Grant was
still getting his standing-eight count when the bell rang to end the round.

"I felt good when I sat down, maybe 30 seconds," Grant said. "I was ready to go
out and do what I needed to do."

Lewis finished him off in the second round with a vicious right uppercut that
caught Grant right under the chin and sent him right down to the canvas. He
couldn't beat the count of 10 and he was out. Lewis had his left hand draped
over the back of Grant's head when he delivered the decisive blow.

"Every time I hit him, he went down, so I kept hitting him," Lewis said. "Styles
make fights and I don't get paid for overtime. I just come to conquer. I brought
my own two judges this time. Michael Grant has never seen a boxer like me."

Lewis, under court order, was forced to vacate the WBA title before he stepped
into the ring, so this was not an undisputed heavyweight championship. But Lewis
believed he was still the best heavyweight on the planet. For Grant, this was
his opportunity to show he belonged in the same solar system and put Lewis in
orbit. He couldn't do it.

Lewis was primed for an upset. He had accomplished his longstanding goal of
becoming the unified heavyweight champion. He had defeated one of the toughest
fighters of his era - Evander Holyfield - twice. And he had become very wealthy.
Some would argue that all those things had made Lewis fat and satisfied.
Certainly not the type of fighter with the hunger to beat back a young
challenger like Grant.

Grant had gotten up off the canvas twice in the first round of his fight against
Andrew Golota on Nov. 20 and forced Golota to quit in the 10th round. Lewis
promised to hit harder than Golota and he said if he knocked Grant down, Grant
would stay down.

Lewis, who is scheduled to fight Frans Botha on July 15 in London, can add
another title to his collection - undisputed prophet.


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TODD MAISEL DAILY NEWS Champion Lennox Lewis (r.) uses left hand to
measure Michael Grant.

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                          FOCUS - 563 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 1, 2012 Saturday

Grants that fund some city jobs set to expire

BYLINE: Michael D. Pitman, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 834 words


Dec. 01--Butler County's two largest cities will soon have to figure out how to
compensate for the potential loss of millions of dollars in grant money that
pays for more than 20 salaried positions.

Hamilton will have to decide what it will do when its federal COPS hiring grant
expires on Dec. 31, and its federal SAFER grant expires in March. Those grants
equal more than $2.5 million and pay for 13 salaries.

The city will be able to absorb the six officers into its police budget, but the
2013 proposed budget calls for 18 firefighters to be laid off.

In Middletown, the SAFER and COPS grants don't expired until August 2014 and
January 2015, respectively. City Manager Judy Gilleland said the city will
examine options over the next two years.

"Obviously, once these grants expire we have several choices: seek new grants,
which we believe will be available; seek other funding sources, which we have
not discussed at this time; or reduce expenditures accordingly," she said.
"Because we have not had any discussion about our options with City Council or
employees, I cannot estimate which option we will pursue at this time."

Roughly $6 million in federal grants -- which include the departments of
Justice, Homeland Security, Transportation and Housing and Urban Development --
pay for more than 46 full-time equivalent positions in Hamilton and Middletown.

But the police and fire grants are the only ones that are finite, and if the
funding isn't there, those departments will have to look at other funding
sources or cuts.

While Middletown can afford to wait until funding is available, Hamilton cannot.

The city is facing potential firefighter cuts of 18 by May, and the police
department may have to find money to hire two more officers due to a minimum
staffing requirement agreed to in the FOP contract.

Hamilton Deputy Fire Chief Mark Mercer said grants, including ones for programs,
training and equipment, allows the department to function at a high level and
not fully rely on local income taxes.

"With the grant funding, we've been able to fill a gap in losses of income in
four or five areas," Mercer said referring to the state cuts enacted by the
governor's budget.

Mercer said the department will pursue additional grants and funding sources,
and will be able to reapply for the SAFER grant, which is a staffing grant. If
firefighter positions are cut, the city would be rated higher in its SAFER grant
application because of the need for staffing.

The city police department has reduced its staffing since 2007 by 23 officers,
which is one of two reasons why it won't see any officers laid off. The other
reason is the police union contract says the department cannot go under 105
officers -- and there are currently 103 on staff -- so police Chief Scott
Scrimizzi said they need to bring on two more.

Finding a new grant to fund any new or existing officer for 2013 won't be easy
since the chief was told by the U.S. Department of Justice there are no grants
available for next year at this point. Even if a grant becomes available next
year, Scrimizzi said it can't be a matching grant "because we don't have any
funds to match."

Middletown police Chief David VanArsdale and deputy fire chief Paul Lolli say
these grants are important to the police and fire service.

"Every officer we have on the street goes to fighting crime," he said. "If we
took those positions out, that would be one less officer per shift working."

A shift in Middletown has a minimum staffing level of seven officers, and each
officer handles about 20 calls for service per shift. If the minimum staffing is
reduced, those 20 calls would be divided among six officers, VanArsdale said.

At the end of 2011, five firefighters were laid off. Two of those firefighters
were called back as positions opened. When the SAFER grant was accepted, two
more of the laid-off firefighters were hired back. The fifth firefighter had
already accepted another job elsewhere.

Bringing on those six positions via the grant made a "big difference," Lolli
said.

"It allowed us to put firefighters on the street so our staffing and resources
weren't strained," he said. "It also helped tremendously cut down on our
overtime cost because we had maintained our minimum staffing level at 16."

Hamilton City Manager Joshua Smith said he has issues with these short-term
grants, but the more fundamental problem is the way cities receive funding from
the state and federal governments.

"The whole system is broken on how they come out of cities and how they come
back into the cities," Smith said of tax dollars.

Smith said if it wasn't for the state, and the federal, government taking their
cut of local dollars before local governments, they wouldn't be as reliant on
grants.

"I'm not a fan of these grants because you're only paying for a very limited
time and then it goes away," he said.

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121201-HL-Grants-that-fund-some-city-jobs-set-to-expire-1201-20121201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                          FOCUS - 564 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 26, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Grant Unleashes Fighting Words in the Battle of Hype

BYLINE: By BILL PENNINGTON

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 751 words


After the heavyweight champion, Lennox Lewis, shadowboxed in his workout at
Madison Square Garden Monday, the challenger, Michael Grant, did something
unusual yesterday, not to mention risky. He sparred two rounds.

"Got to keep up the intensity," Grant said afterward. "Get out there and start
banging."

While Lewis graciously complimented his opponent on Monday, Grant did not miss
the chance to make something of the age difference between the two. Asked if the
34-year-old champion, who is seven years his senior, was past his prime and on
the way down, Grant answered, "Yeah, absolutely."

While Lewis offered little of his strategy for defeating Grant in their Saturday
night title fight, Grant has a game plan ready.

"This guy don't like pressure," Grant said. "So you just got to jump on him.
Punches are going to rain over him. I've got the size to catch up with him and
it's going to be tough to get out of my way. He's going to have to commit and
fight."

So much for the consensus opinion that Grant, in his first major fight, might be
overwhelmed by the moment. Grant is already talking the better game -- or at
least what passes for prefight hype in this match between two enormous, albeit
easygoing, heavyweights.

The 6-foot-7-inch, 250-pound Grant did put on the more aggressive show than his
6-5, 245-pound counterpart at the Garden. Two relatively light-punching rounds
with a sparring partner, Corey Sanders, may not qualify as strenuous, but it is
still uncommon for a fighter to do it, and risk injury, four days before a title
shot.

Maybe it's a statement about Grant's vigor and stamina. This is someone who has
gone from a raw amateur to a No. 1 contender in less than six years. Grant has
had 17 fights since 1996; how can he help be anything but active on the eve of a
fight?

"I know the television guys were getting nervous when they saw him sparring,"
Grant's trainer, Don Turner, said. "But does a baseball player take batting
practice before a game? Or does he take a week off? I don't worry about him
getting hurt. You could get a cut in training camp, too."

It is staying busy in the ring that put Grant in this position. It also took
getting up from two first-round knockdowns to knock out Andrew Golota in the
10th round last November. A Grant-Lewis fight was always a possibility before
that fight, but after Grant defeated Golota, the match was finalized within
days.

In many ways, Grant, whose record is 31-0, had not been tested until Golota not
only knocked him down but continued to win rounds. Grant's only shot at a
victory was a knockout, and he earned a measure of respect when he got it.

"It's a little strange that I had to struggle to get what I wanted," Grant said.
"I probably wouldn't have gotten this fight if I didn't have to get off the
floor against Golota. But so what? I got into boxing to fight the champion and
here I am."

While Grant is without question the aggressor in the prefight aggrandizement, he
insists it is only a forerunner to Saturday's main event.

"It's my job to impose my will on him," Grant said of Lewis. "He tends to slow
up in the later rounds, to get lackadaisical. I'm going to expose him."

And Grant, in the biggest fight of his career, said he would not wilt if he was
again exposed to the kind of adversity that visited him against Golota. Lewis,
after all, has predicted that the fight will not go the distance.

"You can dress a fighter up and teach him everything, but you can't teach him
how to react under that kind of pressure," Grant said. "I know how to deal with
it when the kitchen gets hot. I can take the heat."

Grant even had a veiled prediction for Saturday's fight. "The 10th round has
been very good to me," said Grant, who has won three of his last seven fights by
technical knockouts in the 10th round.

PUNCH LINES

It appears that the opponent for ARTURO GATTI on the undercard for the MICHAEL
GRANT-LENNOX LEWIS fight will be welterweight ERIC JAKUBOWSKI of Chicago. The
contract weight for the fight is 148 pounds. A Jakubowski-Gatti match was
awaiting the approval of the New York State Athletic Commission yesterday. Gatti
was scheduled to fight HOMER GIBBINS, until a medical condition forced Gibbins
from the undercard. Gatti is coming off a second-round knockout of JOEY GAMACHE,
an outcome that became more controversial after Gatti reportedly entered the
ring weighing 160 pounds -- 19 more than he was allowed to weigh in the official
weigh-in two days earlier.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Michael Grant says he will be the aggressor in his fight on
Saturday. (Richard Lee for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                          FOCUS - 565 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

GRANTS and CONTRACTS ACCOUNTANT

LENGTH: 1075  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following news release:

Job Summary

Company
    Maine Quality Counts
Location
    Augusta, ME 04330
Industries
    Healthcare Services
    Business Services - Other
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
    CM-0015640260

About the Job

General Description:
This position is responsible for the financial aspects of accounting for Maine
Quality Counts (QC) grants and contracts and ensuring compliance with grant/
[#x200b]contract provisions.[#x200b] The Accountant will support QC's programs
with grants/[#x200b]contracts budgeting, accounting and cost allocation, and
financial reporting to ensure successful implementation of QC grants and
contracts.[#x200b]

The position requires a hands-on analytical, detail-oriented, self-motivated
person who is able to effectively support QC's financial grant administration
and contracting operations.[#x200b] The Accountant is expected to identify and
develop strategies to optimize the grants and contracts administration process
to make it as efficient and effective as possible in order to support the QC
team's evolving needs, particularly recognizing the increasing volume and
complexity of these programs.[#x200b] This position will also be responsible to
back up and support the Financial and Administrative Coordinator as
needed.[#x200b]

Reporting: The Accountant works closely with the Financial and Administrative
Coordinator and Program Managers, and reports to the Deputy Director.[#x200b]

Salary/[#x200b]Hourly: This is a full-time, salaried position.[#x200b] QC is a
grant-funded organization.[#x200b]

Qualifications and Skill and Experience Requirements:
1.[#x200b] Undergraduate Bachelor's degree in accounting.[#x200b]
2.[#x200b] Minimum of 3 to 5 years of direct experience in grant accounting and
non-profit
    grants management.[#x200b]
3.[#x200b] Proficiency with QuickBooks (or Peachtree) and Excel.[#x200b]
4.[#x200b] Financial management skills, including developing and monitoring
budgets and
    financial reporting; understanding non-profit balance sheets and income
    statements; and accounts receivable; grant/[#x200b]contract time reporting
and payroll;
    month-end closing process.[#x200b]
5.[#x200b] Excellent organizational skills, with demonstrated experience in
managing
    complex administrative projects and the ability to work
independently.[#x200b]
6.[#x200b] Excellent relationship management skills, and demonstrated teamwork
with
    effective, solution-oriented approach; ability to provide support for
relevant
    QC staff.[#x200b]
7.[#x200b] Ability to handle multiple projects and work well under pressure,
including
    working with interruptions and deadlines; ability to prioritize work, meet
    deadlines and produce quality results on schedule with attention to
detail.[#x200b]
8.[#x200b] Knowledge of Maine healthcare environment preferred.[#x200b]

Essential Functions and Performance Expectations

1.[#x200b] Financial accounting - grants and contracts
    * Establish and implement a database to track QC grants and contracts, and
       ensure appropriate tracking and accounting procedures.[#x200b]
    * Ensure accuracy and integrity of QC grants and contracts data; support
       communication with relevant staff regarding deadlines and deliverables,
       ensuring complete follow through on all grants and contracts.[#x200b]
    * Prepare and process transactions to ensure accurate revenue and expense
       accounting for grants and contracts, compliant with GAAP and Federal
       circulars as appropriate.[#x200b]
    * Prepare and process month-end closing journal entries.[#x200b]
    * Proactively monitor funds flow from QC grants and contracts, and monitor
       financial performance against projected budget targets.[#x200b]
    * Provide input on development of budgets for new QC grants and
contracts.[#x200b]
    * Reconcile and close out grants/[#x200b]contracts at termination.[#x200b]
2.[#x200b] Budget development and reporting
    * Assist with development of QC budget, providing forecasts of revenue
       and expenses related to QC grants and contracts, and allocating revenue
       and expenses in accordance with grants and contracts.[#x200b]
    * Provide monthly budget to actual reports for program managers.[#x200b]
    * Develop summary reports for management.[#x200b]
3.[#x200b] Grants and Contracts - Information tracking, analysis, and
reporting.[#x200b]
    * Work with relevant QC staff to ensure accurate month-end reconciliations
for
       grant and contract-supported programs, and to ensure that grant
objectives
       are being met.[#x200b]
    * Work with relevant QC staff to coordinate periodic and final reporting for

       QC grants; provide support to staff to ensure compliance with reporting
       timelines, and to ensure that funder narrative and financial reports are
       complete, timely and accurate.[#x200b]
    * Compile and analyze grant and contract-supported project and financial
data.[#x200b]
    * Maintain accurate and complete electronic and hard copies of grant and
       contract files.[#x200b]
4.[#x200b] Support and training
    * Work collaboratively with and serve as resource to QC staff to support
       grants and contracts management and reporting systems, to ensure
       success in meeting grant tracking and reporting requirements.[#x200b]
    * Train new QC staff on grants management and reporting
requirements.[#x200b]

Work Environment: The primary location of this position is a typical office
environment.[#x200b] The responsibilities may require running errands, traveling
to QC facilities, meetings, conferences, trainings, etc.[#x200b] that require an
individual to be in various public places.[#x200b] QC promotes a safe work
environment.[#x200b]

The above are general statements to describe the work performed by people
assigned to this position.[#x200b] They are not an exhaustive list of all
responsibilities, duties, and skills required.[#x200b]

Maine Quality Counts is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified
applicants shall receive consideration for employment without regard to race,
color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental
disability, or sexual orientation.[#x200b]

TO APPLY, please send cover letter and resume to:
info@[#x200b]mainequalitycounts.[#x200b]org

ABOUT US: Maine Quality Counts (QC) is a regional health improvement
collaborative that brings together people who give care, get care and pay for
care to improve health care quality throughout Maine.[#x200b] QC is transforming
health and health care in Maine by leading, collaborating and aligning
improvement efforts.[#x200b]

This listing brought to you by MaineJobs.[#x200b]com, a service of the Maine
Sunday Telegram

For more information please visit: http://www.ndia.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 566 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

GRANTS and CONTRACTS ACCOUNTANT

LENGTH: 1075  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following news release:

Job Summary

Company
    Maine Quality Counts
Location
    Augusta, ME 04330
Industries
    Healthcare Services
    Business Services - Other
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
    CM-0015640260

About the Job

General Description:
This position is responsible for the financial aspects of accounting for Maine
Quality Counts (QC) grants and contracts and ensuring compliance with grant/
[#x200b]contract provisions.[#x200b] The Accountant will support QC's programs
with grants/[#x200b]contracts budgeting, accounting and cost allocation, and
financial reporting to ensure successful implementation of QC grants and
contracts.[#x200b]

The position requires a hands-on analytical, detail-oriented, self-motivated
person who is able to effectively support QC's financial grant administration
and contracting operations.[#x200b] The Accountant is expected to identify and
develop strategies to optimize the grants and contracts administration process
to make it as efficient and effective as possible in order to support the QC
team's evolving needs, particularly recognizing the increasing volume and
complexity of these programs.[#x200b] This position will also be responsible to
back up and support the Financial and Administrative Coordinator as
needed.[#x200b]

Reporting: The Accountant works closely with the Financial and Administrative
Coordinator and Program Managers, and reports to the Deputy Director.[#x200b]

Salary/[#x200b]Hourly: This is a full-time, salaried position.[#x200b] QC is a
grant-funded organization.[#x200b]

Qualifications and Skill and Experience Requirements:
1.[#x200b] Undergraduate Bachelor's degree in accounting.[#x200b]
2.[#x200b] Minimum of 3 to 5 years of direct experience in grant accounting and
non-profit
    grants management.[#x200b]
3.[#x200b] Proficiency with QuickBooks (or Peachtree) and Excel.[#x200b]
4.[#x200b] Financial management skills, including developing and monitoring
budgets and
    financial reporting; understanding non-profit balance sheets and income
    statements; and accounts receivable; grant/[#x200b]contract time reporting
and payroll;
    month-end closing process.[#x200b]
5.[#x200b] Excellent organizational skills, with demonstrated experience in
managing
    complex administrative projects and the ability to work
independently.[#x200b]
6.[#x200b] Excellent relationship management skills, and demonstrated teamwork
with
    effective, solution-oriented approach; ability to provide support for
relevant
    QC staff.[#x200b]
7.[#x200b] Ability to handle multiple projects and work well under pressure,
including
    working with interruptions and deadlines; ability to prioritize work, meet
    deadlines and produce quality results on schedule with attention to
detail.[#x200b]
8.[#x200b] Knowledge of Maine healthcare environment preferred.[#x200b]

Essential Functions and Performance Expectations

1.[#x200b] Financial accounting - grants and contracts
    * Establish and implement a database to track QC grants and contracts, and
       ensure appropriate tracking and accounting procedures.[#x200b]
    * Ensure accuracy and integrity of QC grants and contracts data; support
       communication with relevant staff regarding deadlines and deliverables,
       ensuring complete follow through on all grants and contracts.[#x200b]
    * Prepare and process transactions to ensure accurate revenue and expense
       accounting for grants and contracts, compliant with GAAP and Federal
       circulars as appropriate.[#x200b]
    * Prepare and process month-end closing journal entries.[#x200b]
    * Proactively monitor funds flow from QC grants and contracts, and monitor
       financial performance against projected budget targets.[#x200b]
    * Provide input on development of budgets for new QC grants and
contracts.[#x200b]
    * Reconcile and close out grants/[#x200b]contracts at termination.[#x200b]
2.[#x200b] Budget development and reporting
    * Assist with development of QC budget, providing forecasts of revenue
       and expenses related to QC grants and contracts, and allocating revenue
       and expenses in accordance with grants and contracts.[#x200b]
    * Provide monthly budget to actual reports for program managers.[#x200b]
    * Develop summary reports for management.[#x200b]
3.[#x200b] Grants and Contracts - Information tracking, analysis, and
reporting.[#x200b]
    * Work with relevant QC staff to ensure accurate month-end reconciliations
for
       grant and contract-supported programs, and to ensure that grant
objectives
       are being met.[#x200b]
    * Work with relevant QC staff to coordinate periodic and final reporting for

       QC grants; provide support to staff to ensure compliance with reporting
       timelines, and to ensure that funder narrative and financial reports are
       complete, timely and accurate.[#x200b]
    * Compile and analyze grant and contract-supported project and financial
data.[#x200b]
    * Maintain accurate and complete electronic and hard copies of grant and
       contract files.[#x200b]
4.[#x200b] Support and training
    * Work collaboratively with and serve as resource to QC staff to support
       grants and contracts management and reporting systems, to ensure
       success in meeting grant tracking and reporting requirements.[#x200b]
    * Train new QC staff on grants management and reporting
requirements.[#x200b]

Work Environment: The primary location of this position is a typical office
environment.[#x200b] The responsibilities may require running errands, traveling
to QC facilities, meetings, conferences, trainings, etc.[#x200b] that require an
individual to be in various public places.[#x200b] QC promotes a safe work
environment.[#x200b]

The above are general statements to describe the work performed by people
assigned to this position.[#x200b] They are not an exhaustive list of all
responsibilities, duties, and skills required.[#x200b]

Maine Quality Counts is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified
applicants shall receive consideration for employment without regard to race,
color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental
disability, or sexual orientation.[#x200b]

TO APPLY, please send cover letter and resume to:
info@[#x200b]mainequalitycounts.[#x200b]org

ABOUT US: Maine Quality Counts (QC) is a regional health improvement
collaborative that brings together people who give care, get care and pay for
care to improve health care quality throughout Maine.[#x200b] QC is transforming
health and health care in Maine by leading, collaborating and aligning
improvement efforts.[#x200b]

This listing brought to you by MaineJobs.[#x200b]com, a service of the Maine
Sunday Telegram

For more information please visit: http://www.ndia.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 567 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Tax exemptions, implications of government grants

SECTION: NETWORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 531 words


In an effort to promote economic activity, government grants are given to
qualifying recipients. The Income Tax Act, No 58 of 1962 (the act), contains
various provisions that exempt certain government grants from income tax. The
grants that are exempt from income tax are either specifically listed in the
act, or they are approved by notice in the Government Gazette.

If a grant is not specifically identified as exempt from income tax in the act
or by notice in the Government Gazette, the grant may be taxable. Also, the
relief is limited to grants at the national level. Grants paid by a provincial
authority are taxable in the hands of the recipient.

The Draft Taxation Laws Amendment Bill 2012 proposed that a unified system be
introduced to address the taxation/exemption of grants. Under the revised
system, a comprehensive list of grants exempt from taxation will be published
and updated annually.

Further, the minister of finance will retain the power to exempt grants by way
of notice for certain grants devised between the annual budget periods. The
exemption for grants is proposed to be extended to allow for provincial grants
as well.

The proposed list would contain a greatly expanded number of exempt grants. The
key determinations for offering the exemption at a legislative or notice level
are:

l Whether the payment is a genuine grant or a disguised consideration for goods
and services acquired by the government; and

l Whether the financial and tax implications were borne in mind when deciding
the payment amount.

Where an exempt grant is received, a comprehensive set of anti-double-dipping
rules would apply. In other words, the use of exempt grant funding cannot be
used as a means of achieving a tax deduction.

Application of the anti-double-dipping rules would vary depending on how the
grant was used by the recipient.

These anti-double-dipping rules would apply as follows:

l If an exempt grant is used to fund the acquisition of trading stock or to
reimburse expenses incurred to acquire trading stock, the cost price of the
trading stock must be reduced by the amount of the grant.

l If an exempt grant is used to fund the acquisition of an allowance asset or to
reimburse the expenditure incurred in the acquisition of an allowance asset, the
base cost of the asset must be reduced by the amount of the grant. Further, the
total wear and tear allowances claimed on the asset must be the base cost of the
asset reduced by the amount of the grant.

l If an exempt grant is used to fund the acquisition of a capital asset or to
reimburse expenses incurred to acquire a capital asset, the base cost of the
asset must be reduced by the amount of the grant.

l If an exempt grant is not used to fund the acquisition of trading stock, an
allowance asset or a capital asset, the recipient must reduce the deductions
claimed under section 11 of the act. Accordingly, it is important to identify
for what purposes the grant received was used.

The effective date for the proposed amendments would apply retrospectively to
all grants received or accrued on or after January 1, 2012.

l Thilakdari is a tax manager at KPMG in Durban and can be e-mail at
Anushka.thilakdari@kpmg.co.za

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 568 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

So Where's Wally? (It's an easy one)

SECTION: NEWS:EDUCATION; Pg. 22-23

LENGTH: 34  words


RED Riding Hood and Where's Wally were among the characters at Rusthall St
Paul's School for World Book Day.

Children dressed as their favourite characters from books and joined a parade
around the playground.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ON THE MARCH: Harry Potter and Buzz Lightyear are just some of the
characters on show TWGM20140306A-001_C
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground. Pictures of staf
and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.melton@essnmedia.co.uk
Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159
Book Day at Rusthall Cof E Primary school, Rusthall, Children dress as there
book character and then do a procession around the playground.
Pictures of staf and children Picture Credit : Grant Melton email: grant.
melton@essnmedia.co.uk Tel: 07808 093159

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 569 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                             April 18, 2008 Friday

It's grumpy Grant as he turns into moodiest of Blues;
IAN LADYMAN was one of the reporters left stunned by Avram Grant's bizarre 5min
39sec press conference. Here is the full transcript ..

BYLINE: IAN LADYMAN

SECTION: 2ND; Pg. 103

LENGTH: 425 words


Q: A deserved win Avram?

Grant: 'Yes.

Q: What particularly pleased you about the performance?

Grant: 'I'm pleased.'

Q: What in particular pleased you?

Grant: (after an eight second delay): 'I don't know.'

Q: Is it a relief to win here?

Grant: 'Yes.'

Q: You seem lost for words by the performance. Are you more satisfied with the
performance or the victory? Grant: 'Both.'

Q: You seem distracted. Do you have a problem?

Grant: 'No problem.'

Q: Is there an issue?

Grant: 'No. I'm ok. I have nothing to say.'

Q: Do you have a message for the Chelsea fans?

Grant: 'You represent the Chelsea fans?'

Q: They must believe you are still in the title race, do you have a message for
them?

Grant: 'No message.'

Q: Does this result mean you are back in it now?

Grant: 'I don't know.'

Q: How many steps have you climbed to undertake this press conference? Grant: 'I
don't know.'

Q: You seem less voluble than usual. Is it because of Sky TV moving the game to
a Thursday?

Grant: 'Maybe it's because of you. I don't know. I am ok.'

Q: You are saying that you don't know if you are still in the title race? Grant:
'No.'

Q: Is it easier to say nothing Avram?

Grant: 'I don't know what to answer. It is a good question. I don't know what to
answer.'

Q: Is this because of Sky?

Grant: 'No. Sky is ok. I enjoy watching them.'

Q: Is it a protest against newspapers?

Grant: 'No. Why?'

Q: Why else would you come in and refuse to answer our questions? Grant: 'I
answer every question.'

Q: You are two points behind Manchester United and you don't know if you are
still in the title race?

Grant: 'No.'

Q: Have you told the players that you don't know if you are back in the title
race?

Grant: 'What I tell the players is something else. You want me to tell you what
I say to the players?'

Q: We just want you to answer the question, really. Are you in the title race?
Grant: 'I don't know.'

Q: Would you not like to gain some positive publicity for the result rather than
this bizarre silence?

Grant: 'I'm sorry. You can write whatever you want and I can answer what I
want.'

Q: Do you feel under pressure to deliver a trophy. Is that the reason for the
monosyllabic answers?

Grant: 'No.'

Q: Are you upset? Do you feel you have been misrepresented?

Grant: 'Maybe I have said because it is a bad season.'

Q: Did Michael Essien faint? Grant: 'He had some problems, but he is ok.'

Q: Michael Ballack?

Grant: 'Injured.'

Q: What's his problem?

Grant: 'Ask the doctor.'

Q: He's not here Avram.

Grant: 'Well call him then.'

Q: Have you ever played the yes/no game Avram?

Chelsea press officer: 'This is going nowhere. Let's end it.'

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Handling error: Grant was not keen to answer questions after Chelsea's
win

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 570 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Never give Never give up! up!;
Message from ex-squaddie Message from ex-squaddie whose health problems led
whose health problems led him to try to take his own life him to try to take his
own life

BYLINE: James Cain

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 782 words


BACK in 2009 he was a fit and healthy ex-squaddie with his whole life ahead of
him.

But in the space of just a few months, his life was turned upside down after a
series of health problems left him paralysed, blind in one eye and suicidal.

Now Grant Train, 38, from central Stockton, is loving life and wants to spread
his message - never give up.

While serving in the British Army, having joined aged 22, super-joined aged 22,
super-fit Grant Train saw action during a tour of Kosovo and two tours of Iraq.

"I was fit as a fiddle," said Grant. "I left the army in 2007 and began working
as a security guard at the Castlegate Centre in Stockton.

"I would visit the gym five times a week. I took my fitness very seriously."

serious-"  But then one morning"  But then one morning in April 2009, Grant woke
to find himself short of breath.

He went to see his GP after complaining and was shocked when he was sent
straight to University Hospital of North Tees in Stockton. From being a healthy,
active man, Grant remained in hospital for two weeks while his health
mysteriously deteriorated.

"I just kept getting worse and worse," he said. "Nothing seemed to be working."

Finally, Grant was sent to the Freeman Hospital in Newcastle for tests.

It was there, with his mum, Patricia, stepdad, Bernard, dad, Nick and girlfriend
Jackie by his side that Grant received the news that would change his life.

Grant said: "It was on the May bank holiday, the doctor came in and spoke to me.
He said I had been diagnosed with cardiomyopathy. I needed to go onto the heart
transhad been diagnosed with cardiomyopathy. I needed to go onto the heart
transplant list, and unless I had a mechanical heart fitted in the meantime, I
wouldn't make it through the weekend.

"I was in a state of shock, I couldn't believe what was happening."

Grant went into surgery and had a mechanical device fitted to his heart.

In the next 14 months, Grant married Jackie and was, against all odds, starting
to feel better. Following another visit to a specialist, Grant was told that,
amazingly, his heart had began to repair itself.

In 2010, Grant was taken off the transplant list and was given a date in July
2010 to have the mechanical device removed from his heart.

Then the first of a series of cruel twists threw Grant even further into
turmoil.

Just three days before he was due to have his operation, Grant's much-loved
brother, Spencer Train, tragically died aged just 32.

Just three days before he was due to have his operation, Grant's much-loved
brother, Spencer Train, tragically died aged just 32.

The date for Grant's operation was changed to August 7, 2010.

All seemed to be going well, but at some point during the eight-hour operation,
a blood clot - that had formed behind the device - travelled to Grant's brain
causing all seemed to be going well, but at some point during the eight-hour
operation, a blood clot - that had formed behind the device - travelled to
Grant's brain causing a major stroke.

Grant was left with swelling on his brain, fluid on his lungs and other com-
Grant was left with swelling on his brain, fluid on his lungs and other
complications.

After three weeks, he regained consciousness to find that he was paralysed down
his right side, he had lost his ability to speak and was blind in one eye.

"At that point, I just remember saying to myself that my life was over and I
just "At that point, I just remember saying to myself that my life was over and
I just cried," he said.

Grant spent three weeks in intensive care before being transferred to the
Newcastle RVI.

It would be a further four weeks before he was able to move again.

drink, walk and talk all over again," "I had to learn to eat and drink, walk and
talk all over again," he said.

"I was in a rehabilitation centre in Newcastle until April 2011. Then, in
January of this year, I returned home to my wife and stepdaughter, Ellie Foxton.

"I didn't realise how depressed I was, and I tried to take my own life - I just
thought that life wasn't worth living anymore."

It was only then, after coming so close to death, that Grant had a revelation
that made him see life in a new light.

With the encouragement and love of his family and friends, Grant has a newfound
zeal for life and is now looking to take part in medical trials for new
treatments.

Grant and Jackie have since split up, but Grant has only good things to say
about her.

"She never left my side during that whole time.

"And my 11-year-old step-daughter Ellie was amazing as well. She went through a
lot - she's an amazing girl.

"For everyone out there who is recovering from a stroke like me, with the help
of your family and friends you can find the inner strength to beat it - never
give up."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grant Train served in Iraq ¦and Kosovo. These pictures were taken of
Grant during his time in IraqGrant while on duty in Iraq Grant while on duty in
Iraq ¦Grant Train was a ¦healthy ex-squaddie before suffering from a series of
serious health issues. Now he has recovered, he wants others to realise they can
get through the tough times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 571 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                          Edmonds Beacon (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 7, 2012

Grants helping fund Gity projects

BYLINE: Edmonds Beacon staff

LENGTH: 712  words


City of Edmonds elected officials and staff continuously work to maintain,
enhance and improve your community.

City Plans, e. g. Comprehensive, Transportation, Parks, Recreation and Open
Space, etc., identify projects and programs that either maintain, improve or add
amenities to achieve this goal.

Unfortunately, the cost to implement these priorities is sometimes beyond the
City's financial means.

There are several options to weigh when considering actions related to various
capital priorities.

Options include eliminating, deferring or reprioritizing projects, or applying
for other funding opportunities.

The option pursued by many local governments is to apply for non-City funding
sources to fully fund or supplement the City's budget and subsequently minimize
expenses to our local citizens

Local jurisdictions often look to federal and state grants which are intended to
support projects that serve community and local needs.

Without grant funding, many projects could not move forward.

Government grant programs are authorized by Congress and state legislatures for
very specific purposes and assistance comes with prerequisites and obligations.

Grants often do not cover all the costs of a project and many require local
matching funds; this is known as leveraging City funds against other non-City
funds.

Grant programs typically have more applicants than funds available which makes
competition between organizations high.

As a result, many strong applications fail to receive funding. This being said,
over the past few years, City of Edmonds staff have been quite successful in
securing both state and federal grants to help fund a variety of projects
throughout the City.

Here are some examples:

Historic Preservation - Preserve America Grant in the amount of $24,000 for a
matching grant to implement artist made interpretive signage to identify sites
of historic interest downtown, and another $7,500 State Certified Local
Government Grant for a city-wide historic sites survey. 228th and HWY 99 -
$536,000 Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) Surface Transportation Program
Grant for design and right of way acquisition to improve access and safety at
the intersection.

Main Street - $725,000 FHWA Enhancements Grant and $500,000 State appropriation
for design and reconstruction of Main Street (between 5th and 6th Streets).

Five Corners - $463,000 FHWA Congestion Mitigation Air Quality (CMAQ) Grant for
design of a roundabout and Right of Way acquisition. The City is on-track to
receive a $1,936,000 CMAQ grant for construction this year.

Highway 99 - $289,000 FHWA Enhancements Grant for International District
Illumination Enhancements (This is an additional allocation to the original
$373,000 grant for a total of $662,000).

76th Ave W/212fh Street - $940,397 CMAQ grant for design and right of way
acquisition to improve the intersection and reduce congestion.

Shell Valley - $100,000 Department of Ecology Stormwater Grant and $250,000
Washington State appropriation for Shell Valley Emergency Access Road.

Stormwater Improvements -$128,115 Department of Ecology Stormwater Grant for
programmatic stormwater improvements and a $259,000 Ecology Stormwater Grant for
a new decant facility at the Public Works shops complex.

84th Avenue - Washington Traffic Safety Commission Grant in the amount of $6,250
for installation of a radar reader board which depicts the speed of cars.

226th Street Walkway - $185,000 FHWA Safety Grant for design and construction of
300 feet of new sidewalk and ADA ramps.

Efficiency Conservation

- $160,000 Energy Efficiency Conservation Block Grant to purchase equipment and
implement programs that conserve energy.

Interurban Trail - $577,000 Washington State Wildlife and Recreation Coalition
Grant and $750,000 CMAQ Grant to construct the final segment of the Interurban
Trail.

There is much work that goes into researching and applying for grants as well as
administering grants once awarded.

This is where City of Edmonds staff excels and the reason the City has been so
successful in competing for grants.

As projects and programs are identified by the City Council, via the adoption of
plans, and as long as funding opportunities exist, staff will diligently work to
secure grants to pay for projects and lessen the cost to residents.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Edmonds Beacon


                          FOCUS - 572 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             March 16, 2001, Friday

RED NOSE DAY 2001: WHERE YOU'VE HELPED

SECTION: first Edition; NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 335 words


SINCE Comic Relief began, we've made 1,223 grants totalling over £115> million
to projects working with poor and disadvantaged people in Africa.

Since Red Nose Day 1999, we've made 123 grants to projects working in> Africa,
totalling £20,842,263.

Here's a breakdown of our Africa grants totals in the past two years:

>People affected by conflict, 40 grants, £5,847,245; >disabled people, 13
grants, £1,726,928; >pastoralists, 13 grants, £3,254,673; women, 27 grants,
£5,042,681; people living in towns and cities, 16 grants, £3,315,577; special
initiatives, 13 grants, £1,621,826; bridging Africa/UK, one grant, £33,333.

Total: 123 grants, £20,842,263.

>Since Comic Relief began, 4,056 grants have been given to projects, working
>with poor and disadvantaged people in the UK.

Total: £61,715,187. >

Since Red Nose Day 1999, we've made 715 grants to projects working in the >UK.

Total: £13,512,593.

>Here's a breakdown of our UK grants totals in the past two years: >>

Young people, 110 grants, £4,062,169; >disabled people's rights, 85 grants,
£1,887,989; >older people's rights, 53 grants, £1,596,638; domestic violence, 66
grants, £2,314,140; >Get Connected (Domestic Violence), 246 grants, £307,500;
>refugees, 119 grants, £2,144,212; travellers, 10 grants, £412,800; drugs &
alcohol forums, 18 grants, £189,698; >special applications, five grants,
£204,613.

>Grants totals since Red Nose Day 1999:

715 grants totalling over £13,500,000.

>Grants totals since Comic Relief began (in 1985), by country: >>Northern
Ireland, more than 180 grants, more than £3.3 million; >Scotland, more than 320
grants, more than £5.1 million; >Wales, more than 210 grants, more than £3.3
million; England, around £50million and over 3,300 projects.

>Since Comic Relief began in 1985, we've awarded every single pound of the >
£174 million we have raised on Red Nose Days to projects helping poor and
>disadvantaged people in Africa or the UK.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2001 MGN Ltd.


                          FOCUS - 573 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Cheraw Chronicle (South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Schools, arts commission receive grants

BYLINE: Randy Garner, The Cheraw Chronicle, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Jan. 19--The South Carolina Arts Commission has approved $19,629 in grant funds
for Chesterfield County schools and the Cheraw Arts Commission.

"The direct results of our grants are more arts opportunities available to
citizens, a more comprehensive education for our children, higher quality of
life and more economic development in communities throughout the state." S.C.
Arts Commission Executive Director Ken May said in a Jan. 14 letter sent to
state Rep. Richie Yow, R-District 3.

"Data we collect from our grantees shows that, in general, every grant dollar we
send into local communities generates more than 38 additional dollars in
economic activity," May wrote.

All of the arts commission's grants are matching grants. Funds are given on the
condition that the receiving party raise a percentage of the sum.

"In addition to grants, arts commission staff members work in every county to
assist local arts providers in delivering quality programs and services," May
wrote. "The S.C. Arts Commission looks forward to continuing this work in the
communities you represent, and we thank you for your support."

-- Cheraw Intermediate School was awarded the largest amount of grant money,
having been approved for a $6,380 arts in education grant.

-- Cheraw Primary School was awarded two arts in education grants for $750 and
$704.

-- Long Middle School in Cheraw was also awarded two arts in education grants,
one for $750, the other for $691.

-- Chesterfield High School was awarded an arts in education grant in the sum of
$691.

-- Jefferson Elementary School in Jefferson was awarded an arts in education
grant of $748.

-- McBee Elementary was awarded an arts in education grant of $748.

-- Pageland's Peterson Primary School was awarded an arts in education grant of
$750.

-- Pageland Elementary School was also awarded an arts in education grant for
the sum of $750.

-- Plainview Elementary School in Patrick was awarded an arts in education grant
for $514.

-- Ruby Elementary School was awarded two arts in education grants for $750 and
$704.

-- Bradshaw School in Patrick was awarded a folk life and traditional arts grant
for $500.

-- The Cheraw Arts Commission was awarded a General Operating Support grant of
$4,207.

Lancaster County was not left out. The neighboring county received six grants
totaling $31,206. They are as follows:

-- Heath Springs Elementary School received an arts in education grant for
$6,357.

-- Andrew Jackson Middle School in Kershaw received an arts in education grant
for $7,350.

-- McDonald Green Elementary School in Kershaw received an arts in education
grant for $7,350.

-- Neil Gary in Lancaster received a folk life and traditional arts grant.

-- Lancaster County Council of the Arts received a general operating support
grant in the sum of $7,209.

-- The Community Playhouse of Lancaster County received an operating support for
small organizations grant for $1,699.

Reach reporter Randy Garner at 843-537-5261 and follow him on Twitter
@CherawChronicle.

___ (c)2015 The Cheraw Chronicle, S.C. Visit The Cheraw Chronicle, S.C. at
www.thecherawchronicle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150119-1CH-Schools-arts-commission-receive-grants-0119-20150119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CH


                      Copyright 2015 The Cheraw Chronicle


                          FOCUS - 574 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

GRANT MONEY;
Bungled HIV grant leads to changes

BYLINE: Arielle Kass; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 804 words



HIGHLIGHT: Forced to return millions, Fulton overhauls process.


The scope of the problem was clear: Among metropolitan areas, Atlanta ranked
fifth in the nation in the rate of new HIV diagnoses.

But last year, Fulton County officials found themselves in the embarrassing
position of having to return millions of dollars of grant money intended to pay
for HIV testing and prevention programs. The reason? They hadn't spent the
funds, from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in a timely fashion.

Hoping to prevent that from ever happening again, the county overhauled the way
it handles grants. While there are still improvements to be made, early
indications are the changes have been a success, with more oversight and
tracking of how money is being spent, officials say.

"It did damage to our credibility with the community and with the CDC," County
Manager Dick Anderson said, referring to the bungled grant. "I think we're
feeling good about our grant administration now. ... All arrows are pointing in
the right direction."

The fixes mean the county can move faster to spend the money it has on hand. At
the same time, Fulton is using its changed process as an opportunity to seek
more grants and, toward that end, is tracking applications and rejections for
the first time.

The $28 million grant from the CDC required the county to spend money by certain
deadlines. When the county's internal tie-ups slowed the process and delayed the
grant's implementation, Fulton forfeited nearly $9 million by missing those
deadlines. The county was able to recoup about $3.4 million.

The HIV grant wasn't the only one mishandled. Fulton also failed to properly
monitor more than $5 million in grant money for housing, employment and other
services.

Since then, the county has taken several steps to increase communication among
those who handle grants and with the community partners it relies on, for
example, those who provide HIV testing. So far, it appears to be working.

In 2014, the county spent 74 percent of the HIV grant money, and less in
previous years. But after returning part of the money last year, then
implementing the changes, the county spent 92 percent of the funds available
that year.

Using grant money, the county conducted 61,000 HIV tests and distributed more
than 2.5 million condoms in an effort to prevent HIV transmission, said David
Sarnow, Fulton's deputy health director. His goal is to spend 98 percent of the
money this year and conduct 100,000 tests.

It is typical that 100 percent of a grant is not spent, due to the difficulties
involved in having everything ready to go the day a grant is given, Sarnow said.

After Fulton County's issues came to light, Sarnow said, the CDC paid closer
attention to Fulton's spending to ensure improvements were being made, calling
every two weeks and adding steps to confirm the county was succeeding in its
changes.

But as Fulton demonstrated its overhaul was working, Sarnow said, the county
regained some trust.

"Personally, I'm really pleased with what the program has done," he said.

Jeff Graham, the executive director of Georgia Equality, is a member of the task
force that oversees the grant. He said the improvements have been "miraculous"
for a program that was in crisis just last year.

"I've never seen something move this quickly with this many changes," he said.
"The turnaround is amazing."

After the issues with the HIV grant, Fulton put its chief financial officer,
Sharon Whitmore, in charge of administering grants, a job that was done
department-by-department in the past.

When grants are awarded, meetings are held to discuss requirements and
deadlines, increasing accountability, grants management officer Angela Ash said.

Even before an application is made, Whitmore said, Ash participates in planning,
so she is aware of what a grant might require.

Whitmore said the county is following up about grants it did not receive,
something it had not done in the past. County departments now have strategic
plans for what they hope to get from grants.

"I think we're finally off to the right start," she said. "We're really making
progress in the right direction in a lot of different ways."

The county has also sped up the application process by allowing Anderson to sign
off on requests. Previously, the board of commissioners had to approve grant
applications, which meant many potential grants went unapplied for as county
meetings didn't align with application deadlines.

The changes, Whitmore said, have been "a long time in the making."

The county averages between $80 million and $90 million in grants annually,
Whitmore said, but is becoming more aggressive in its grant-seeking, too.

"Even increasing it by 5 percent each year, that would be an accomplishment,"
she said. "Would we like to see it double? Sure. Whatever resources we're
getting, we have a plan to spend it, and that's what was most significant."

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                          FOCUS - 575 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           January 5, 2005 Wednesday

Public education increasingly dependent on govt. and private grants

BYLINE: Rebecca Deusser

SECTION: LOCAL/REGIONAL

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: FITCHBURG


City schools have become more dependent on state, federal and private grants
than ever before, school officials say.

The Fitchburg school district received $7.4 million for fiscal year 2005, said
Kate Martin, director of grants.

"We get a lot of money for a district our size, and we apply for nearly
everything we're eligible for," she said, adding factors such as the rate of
reduced lunches and MCAS scores help determine a district's need.

Martin said the district depends on grants for funding staff and programming.

"We are very dependent on grants," Martin said. "We can't pay the electric bill
with a grant ... [but] we certainly have some wonderful intervention programs we
can provide, and wouldn't be able to do otherwise."

Grants pay for the salaries of 117 district employees, Martin said, such as
Title 1 and class-reduction staff.

"[Grants] enable us to do things a lot of districts can't do," she said. "
Grants allow us to try out new programs."

Superintendent Thomas J. Lamey said the district relies on grants to support
improvements in student performance.

"Basically our system has been supported by a lot of money from grants over the
past five years," Lamey said.

Lamey attributes grants as one reason why Fitchburg was the only urban school
district in the Commonwealth to meet its Annual Yearly Progress last year.

But should grants get cut, the district would not be able to afford many
additional programs, Lamey said.

"We're trying to prevent the loss of achievement, but with [grant] cuts, we will
have more trouble," Lamey said. "It's all the more reason to be aggressive and
look at state grants and privately-funded money."

The School Committee voted to apply for two new grants Monday night.

The first grant applies for $55,000 out of the Community Development Block Grant
the city received this year.

That money would be used to replace 68 windows in the Annex Building between the
Academy and B.F. Brown middle schools.

"The windows are a mess, some are boarded up and some don't have screens," said
Martin. "None of them are in good shape. We don't want the building to be in
further disrepair, although we are looking for other funds, this would help get
the windows done."

The state-funded Comprehensive School Reform grant would give $50,000 a year for
three years to fund a school for new initiatives to improve student achievement.

Crocker Elementary School and B.F. Brown Middle School both have had CSR grants.

Martin said CSR grant applications are extensive, and require everyone on the
school's staff to sign an agreement for school-wide change.

This grant application, if pursued, would go toward improving math teaching and
learning, Martin said.

School Committee members voted to participate in two partnership grants with
Mount Wachusett Community College, which would fund an adult learning program
and tutoring services starting in seventh grade through the end of high school
to prepare students and parents for college.

The school committee also voted to accept three grants that have already been
awarded by the state Department of Education and the Massachusetts Cultural
Council.

The state-funded Enhanced Programs for Children and Youth with Disabilities
grant, for $34,200, will help increase staffing and busing for after-school and
summer programs for an additional 136 students with disabilities.

The Secondary School Reading Grant Program, a $20,000 grant awarded by the state
DOE, funds literacy teams and reading intervention programs in the middle
schools and Fitchburg High School.

The Massachusetts Cultural Council Creative Schools Program grant awarded the
district with $12,600 a year for two years to pay for an artist in residence to
help third and fourth-grade students develop puppets and learn script writing
and analysis.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 576 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

Mehserle: Former BART officer breaks down on the witness stand

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 565 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Former BART police Officer Johannes Mehserle broke down on the
witness stand at a civil trial Friday as he described fatally shooting Oscar
Grant III at the Fruitvale station on New Year's Day 2009.

On point with his criminal trial testimony that led up to his involuntary
manslaughter conviction in 2010, Mehserle said he had been intending to use a
Taser on Grant and was shocked when he realized he had shot the 22-year-old
Hayward man lying on his stomach.

Mehserle said he was straddling Grant and trying to get a hold of his right hand
when Grant made a digging motion, making him think that Grant could be reaching
for a gun. Mehserle stood up, shouted that he was going to use his Taser on
Grant, and fired. Mehserle said he didn't know he had fired his gun until he saw
the weapon in his hand and the bullet hole in Grant's back.

"I was thinking, 'Oh, (expletive),' not understanding how this happened, why it
happened," Mehserle, 32, said. "I felt terrible for Mr. Grant. I felt sick."

Oscar Grant Jr., Grant III's father, brought a civil rights lawsuit against
Mehserle in which he is seeking monetary damages for the loss of a familial
relationship. Grant Jr. was in prison his son's whole life for an 1985 Oakland
murder. He is still serving his sentence but is attending the current trial
under the watch of correctional officers.

The 10-person jury will also be tasked to decide on an excessive force claim
brought against BART Officer Marisol Domenici by Zeporia Smith, on behalf of her
deceased son Johntue Caldwell. Caldwell was among Grant's best friends who were
detained early that morning alongside Grant by officers who were investigating a
report of a fight on a train involving black men in black clothing. Caldwell,
25, was fatally shot in an unrelated gas station shooting in Hayward in 2011.

Attorney Waukeen McCoy, representing Grant Jr., aggressively questioned Mehserle
on Friday to raise doubt as to whether Mehserle meant to reach for his Taser.
Mehserle had no confusion during the two times he brandished his Taser to Grant
III and his friends before the shooting, McCoy said, and it was clear that the
Taser's pointing red light wasn't aimed on Grant III before Mehserle pulled the
trigger.

Mehserle said he was trying to deploy his Taser as fast as possible because
Grant posed a threat, while McCoy said that Grant was clearly not a threat as he
was subdued on his stomach with Mehserle on his back and the lead officer, Tony
Pirone, with his knee in Grant's neck.

"You thought he wanted to record the brutality that you and Officer Pirone were
doing, correct?" McCoy asked.

Mehserle said that although he had ordered Grant III to put his cellphone away,
he was not angry at Grant III and didn't know Grant III had taken a picture of
him during the detainment until after the fact.

The shooting and the events leading up to the incident was caught on cellphone
cameras by people at the crowded station, sparked protests and riots, and
inspired the Hollywood film "Fruitvale Station."

Mehserle on Friday recalled the shouts of outrage directed at him after he fired
the gun.

"I have never felt so small in my entire life," Mehserle said.

The trial continues Monday with testimony from Pirone, who is still in
arbitration over his firing from the BART force over that night.

Contact Malaika Fraley at 925-234-1684.

Follow her at Twitter.com/malaikafraley .

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Waukeen McCoy, attorney for Oscar Grant Jr., meets members of the media
as he leaves the Phillip Burton Federal Court House in San Francisco, Calif., on
Thursday, June 11, 2014. A federal civil trial is underway against former BART
police officer Johannes Mehserle in the 2009 shooting death of Oscar Grant III
at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland. Grants' father, Oscar Grant Jr., is
the plaintiff in the case and is currently in prison serving a murder conviction
from 1985. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News Group)
Former BART police officer Johannes Mehserle, left, leaves the Phillip Burton
Federal Court House in San Francisco, Calif., on Thursday, June 11, 2014. A
federal civil trial is underway against Mehserle in the 2009 shooting death of
Oscar Grant III at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland. Grants' father, Oscar
Grant Jr., is the plaintiff in the case and is currently in prison serving a
murder conviction from 1985. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 577 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

'Working man': Ronald Grant has worked at same company for 63 years

BYLINE: Lisa Boykin Batts, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 864 words


Sept. 28--Ronald Grant said he will know when it's time to retire. But for now,
the 81-year-old is content working three days a week getting his hands dirty at
White's Tractor and Truck Companies.

If his health suffers or he can't satisfactorily do his work as a transmission
and rear axle technician, he said he will stop his job of 63 years.

Grant's bosses -- now into the fourth generation of the White-Herring family --
are glad to have him around.

Stephanie Smith, whose family currently owns the company, said Grant's
background is invaluable.

"He teaches all these young guys how to rebuild axles and transmissions," she
said. "He's got knowledge that you don't get out of a book. You don't get it out
of a computer either."

LONG CAREER

Grant was 17 years old in May of 1953 when he showed up at what was then called
Dr. L.J. Herring Implement Company -- located on Barnes Street in downtown
Wilson.

Grant, one of eight children, had quit high school in Snow Hill to help tend the
farm with his brother after their father died. It was hard work.

"There's bound to be a better way to make a living," Grant told his brother.

He knew Herring was looking to hire a young person, so he went to Wilson on a
Friday to inquire about the job.

"The interview lasted probably 10 minutes," Grant said.

Herring looked at Grant and commented how he was a "big fella" and could
probably help out.

He also asked Grant two questions: "Have you ever stolen anything" and "What can
you do?"

"I'll do anything you tell me to do," was his second answer.

Herring told Grant to be at work Monday morning at 7:30.

Herring immediately put the young Grant to work, training him and setting him
loose to see what he had learned.

"I swept the floor, and I changed oil," he said.

Grant continued learning and improving both in the shop and at a motor truck
training center in Atlanta. When the business -- then named Herring Tractor and
Truck Company -- moved to its current location on U.S. 301 in the early 1960s,
he was a valued employee.

"By the time we came out here, I could do anything for a truck -- bumper to
bumper," he said.

The following year, Grant was asked to be to be service manager. Trucks were
coming to the Wilson business from all over the Eastern Seaboard, and the
company needed him. Grant hesitated at first, telling Herring he didn't want to
be a manager.

"I wanted to keep on pulling wrenches," he said.

But he decided to take the promotion and kept the job for the next 17 years --
staying very involved with the vehicle repairs.

"I would put my hands on whatever went on in that shop," he said.

Over the years, the truck repair business has evolved, and Grant changed with
the times in how he worked.

In his younger days, to diagnose a problem with a "missing" or "skipping" engine
on a gasoline engine, he would pull a spark plug to figure out which cylinder
had a problem.

Now with modern electric engines, he can also run a computerized diagnostic test
to find the problem.

"The computer tells you," he said.

His work method has changed as well. Now transmissions are removed from the
truck body and brought to him to work on in the tool room. Customers know Grant
can find discontinued parts and make old transmissions work again, Smith said.

Grant, a self-described "working man," has pulled tools from that tool room for
many decades now. Smith and her family thought it was appropriate to name the
room in his honor and earlier this month had a sign printed and hung over the
tool room door.

Smith said they wanted to honor him. After so many years of giving watches,
clocks and plaques, they wanted to do something different to recognize his six
decades of work.

"That is his tool room," she said.

STAYING BUSY

Grant, who lives in Stantonsburg, is also grateful to his work family and said
he's never had to worry about a paycheck. He was offered other jobs over the
years, but he stood by the company that took a chance on him so many years ago.
Grant said he's never believed in the saying that the grass is always greener
somewhere else.

In the last 63 years, the company has stuck with him and taken care of him as
well. That became apparent early on.

A few months after he started work in 1953, Grant's mother died. His father was
already dead, so that left the task of burying her to Grant and his seven
siblings.

"We children each had to have $100 apiece to put our mama away," he said.

Grant didn't have that much money, but Herring let him borrow the money and told
the teenage Grant to pay him back when he could.

The company also supported him when his young son died in 1973, and again in
1999 when his wife died. Grant had semi-retired three years before her death.
After she was gone, he was lonely.

"There was nobody in that house except me," he said.

So he took his doctor's advice to stay busy. For Grant, that meant being at
work,

The White-Herring family is grateful to Grant and the many years of service he
has given the company.

"We want him to be here as long as he wants to be here," Smith said.

lisa@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7810

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160928-ZW-Working-man-Ronald-Grant
-has-worked-at-same-company-for-63-years-0928-20160928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                          FOCUS - 578 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tifton Gazette (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Tift teachers to get help through grants

BYLINE: Angie Thompson, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 614 words


Jun. 25--TIFTON -- The Tift County Foundation for Educational Excellence has
announced the recipients of this year's incentive grants totaling $15,074.

The TCFEE incentive grant winners were chosen from teachers who apply for
special items for their classrooms such as software, books, Accelerated Reader
tests and other items.

Marianna Keesee, a TCFEE board member and chairman of the incentive grant
committee, said Wednesday that the grants enable teachers to apply for items
that the school system might not buy for classrooms.

"These are good teaching materials for teachers to use, and the school system is
even more pressed now than it usually is because of the economy," Keesee said.

Keesee said TCFEE members read all of the grant applications that are submitted
by teachers and rank them. Liaisons from each school work with the TCFEE members
and talk about the grants, highlighting what they know about the requests and
how they related to the schools' needs. Each committee member votes
independently, she said, and the results are tabulated by Dr. Larry Branch.

"Anything the school system is going to be able to fund, we take off the
ballot," Keesee said. "I think the grants are one of the best things the
foundation does for the school system. It enables teachers with original ideas
to get materials for their classrooms."

The Tift County Pre-K Center received a grant for $2,000 to purchase "Rhythm and
Movement" for its music class. Annie Belle Clark received two grants, one in the
amount of $1,300 to be used to purchase High Touch-High Tech science workshop
materials and one in the amount of $630 to purchase mobile art centers, easels
and supplies for kindergarten classrooms.

G.O. Bailey received two grants, one for $2,000 to be used to purchase Reading
Ambassadors program materials and another in the amount of $910 to pay for High
Touch-High Tech science workshop materials for third-grade students. Northside
received a grant in the amount of $813 to be used to pay for High Touch-High
Tech science workshop materials for third graders.

Charles Spencer received a grant for $590 to purchase digital cameras and
supplies for a sixth-grade writing project; a grant for $235 to pay for a
wireless weather station for fourth through sixth grades; a $500 grant to pay
for high interest/low reading books and AR tests; and $510 to pay for
math-fraction towers manipulatives.

J.T. Reddick received a $240 grant to pay for dry-erase boards for students and
a $600 grant to pay for a Geo-Safari Quiz Bowl Buzzer System.

Eighth Street Middle School received a grant in the amount of $180 to be used to
pay for a magnetizer; a $580 grant to be used to pay for Scholastic Math
magazines; and a $180 grant to be used to pay for supplies for mini-murals.

Tift County High School received a $1,862 grant to be used to pay for a Vernier
LabQuest interface, sensors and software and a $1,944 grant to be used to pay
for the Accelerated math Enterprise Program.

The first incentive grants were awarded by the TCFEE in 1990. Since then, 573
grants totaling $353,792 have been awarded to teachers. Over the 20-year history
of the program, 1,467 grant applications have been made to the foundation for
the grants.

To contact senior reporter Angie Thompson, call 382-4321.

To see more of The Tifton Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tiftongazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090625-TJ-Tift-teachers-to-get-help-through-grants-0625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                          FOCUS - 579 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     October 12, 2003 Sunday Final Edition

Grant's tomes: A reader's guide to a pre-eminent philosopher

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Robert Sibley

SECTION: The Citizen's Weekly: Reading; Eggheads & Intelligentsia; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 883 words

When you consider those who have contributed to Canada's intellectual life
you're apt to think of people like literary critic Northrop Frye, communications
theorist Marshall McLuhan, philosopher Charles Taylor or even former prime
minister Pierre Trudeau. But I suspect that long after these luminaries have
been forgotten -- long after Canada itself has disappeared as a sovereign
nation-state, perhaps -- the one Canadian who'll continue to be read is
political philosopher George Grant.

Grant's reputation has continued to grow in the 15 years since his death on
Sept. 27, 1988, as the prescience of his philosophic writings gains greater
recognition. It is no exaggeration to say that Grant understood better than most
what it means for western society to have embraced the technological
will-to-power -- the belief that nature, including human nature, is subject to
mastery and manipulation -- as its overarching value and guiding principle. He
saw how the imperative of overcoming nature, including human nature, by means of
"technique" increasingly determines our politics, economics and even our
morality. (Feminism, for example, is rightly seen as one of the most significant
social movements in the past half-century; arguably, that movement would not
have been as consequential if not for the technologies of the Pill and ready
availability of abortions.)

I know scholars as far afield as India, England and Turkey who lecture on his
thought or include his writings on their course lists. Grant has been compared
to some of the best minds of the 20th century, including Leo Strauss, Eric
Voegelin and Simone Weil. Articles and essays on his work appear regularly in
academic journals. This interest has meant a sizable uptick in Grant-related
publications. Indeed, many of his books and essay collections have been reissued
by various publishers -- Philosophy in the Mass Age, Lament for a Nation, Time
as History, Technology and Empire, Technology & Justice and English-Speaking
Justice.

There's also been a spate of scholarly works, a book of letters and the issuing
of his collected works. These include George Grant and the Subversion of
Modernity, a series of scholarly essays devoted to Grant's views on the
epiphenomena of technology's embrace: the crisis of liberalism, the replacement
of politics by administration and the eclipse of Christianity, The George Grant
Reader, George Grant: Selected Letters and, finally, the Collected Works of
George Grant, volumes I and II -- all published by University of Toronto Press.

That's a lot of reading, so I'll recommend three books as a way to acquaint
yourself with Grant's thought. The first has to be Lament for a Nation: The
Defeat of Canadian Nationalism (Carleton University Press), the most famous of
his writings. First published in 1965, it remains a stinging indictment of how
the Liberal party sacrificed Canadian sovereignty for the sake of power.
Strangely, the book has been claimed as an inspirational source of Canadian
nationalism even though Grant was explicit in declaring "the impossibility of
Canada" under the logic of liberalism.

The second book I recommend is George Grant in Conversation (House of Anansi
Press). The conversations, recorded by broadcaster David Cayley shortly before
Grant's death, offer a good overview of Grant's thinking about Canada,
liberalism, technology, education and faith.

The third need-to-read is William Christian's George Grant: A Biography
(University of Toronto Press). Published in 1993, Christian offers a
well-crafted portrait linking Grant's "outer" life -- the Loyalist heritage,
wartime experience, religious conversion, quarrels with the academic
establishment -- to the development of his "inner," or philosophic, life.

For those who wish to plunge deeper, Harris Athanasiadias's book George Grant
and the Theology of the Cross, published in 2001, is the most comprehensive
study since Joan O'Donovan's 1984 work, George Grant and the Twilight of
Justice. Grant was often criticized for offering no alternative to modernity.
Athanasiadis demonstrates the inadequacy of the complaint by tracing Grant's
thought to its theological sources. Behind Grant's analysis of modernity was an
abiding concern with theodicy; that is, the problem of faith in a world rife
with suffering and tragedy.

Historian Ramsay Cook once said Grant and Trudeau were Canada's two most
important political thinkers in the past century. Cook was flattering Trudeau.
The late prime minister possessed little of Grant's philosophic insight, which
perhaps explains why his politics have proved so detrimental to this country.
Unlike Trudeau, or McLuhan, Frye and Taylor for that matter, Grant recognized
the historical and intellectual wrong turns that have delivered Canada to the
point of its political demise. He does not make for pleasant or passive reading.
But if you believe that we, individually and collectively, have a moral
responsibility to reflect honestly on our times, then Grant is required reading.

Robert Sibley, a member of the Citizen's editorial board, writes regularly for
these pages. His doctoral thesis, Northern Spirits: Canadian Appropriations of
Hegelian Political Thought, recently completed at Carleton University, was
partly devoted to Grant's work.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: There has been a sizable uptick in Grant-related publications.
Many books and essay collections have been reissued in recent years.

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 580 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Council will seek LSA grant for police aid

BYLINE: Maria Jacketti, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 835 words


Jan. 04--Hazleton City Council has approved going forward with a Local Share
Account grant application to study crime in the city and potentially aid the
police department in fighting it.

LSA funds for Hazleton are derived from table games at Mohegan Sun Casino.

A projected $50 million in grant requests were projected for submission by
Thursday for $12 million in available funds, with this particular grant going
after 1/12th of that pie, former councilman John Keegan said Saturday.

Krista Schneider, executive director of the Downtown Hazleton Alliance for
Progress, pitched in to write the grant that was submitted on the final day.

If awarded, it will give the city up to $1 million, Schneider said.

The money is earmarked to fund a study of crime in Hazleton and support the
police department in other strategic ways.

The grant was suggested and spearheaded by state Rep. Tarah Toohil, R-116,
Butler Township; state Sen., John Yudichak, D-14, Plymouth Township, and U.S.
Rep. Lou Barletta, R-11, Hazleton, according to Schneider, with the Greater
Hazleton Chamber of Commerce stepping in as a facilitator.

Mary Malone, chamber president, brought the grant application to council for
final approval Tuesday.

Schneider spoke about the many facets of the grant and the potential good that
it can do. She said another aim of this initiative is "getting everyone to work
together and ending gridlock," so that the city can move forward.

Crime and the "perception of crime" are affecting the city's image and hindering
progress, Schneider added.

"The perception of the city is horrible," she said.

If funded and successfully executed, the study should deliver usable data about
how bad crime actually is the city.

And it should help to identify hot spots of criminal activity.

In the grant application, Schneider cites Lancaster as a model for how a city in
deep trouble can turn things around.

"Lancaster, 15 years ago," was where Hazleton is today," Schneider said. "It had
problems with poverty and dealing with drugs and gangs. Today, Lancaster's
downtown is thriving."

Schneider believes the progress Lancaster has made indicates that Hazleton can
turn things around, too.

If the grant is awarded, the notice of success will come through in July, with
projects ready to start as early as August, she said.

While this may sound like a perfect plan to really get a handle on how bad crime
is in the city, the grant application met with contention during the last two
city council meetings in December.

According to council Vice President Jean Mope, council finally got onboard with
supporting the grant after two meetings in which she and Councilman David Sosar
expressed concerns about being left out of the process.

"We are not just rubber stamps," Mope said.

Sosar added at Tuesday's meeting that he would not sign off on the grant
application unless he had the opportunity to review all facets of it in depth.

Additionally, he complained about receiving the grant proposal by email just 90
minutes before the meeting.

Councilman John Keegan, who sat for his final meeting that evening, said he did
not receive any details on the grant or its changes, and was in effect left out
of the loop.

As Tuesday's meeting ended, it appeared the grant application was situated to
die in council.

However, according to Mope, approval finally happened on Wednesday, during a
phone conversation that involved Malone, along with council President Jack
Mundie, Mope and Sosar.

Mope said council was added to those seeking the grant "and we will also become
administrators of the grant," she said.

Mope said she felt it necessary that council have a say in the administration of
the grant since the funds requested directly involve the police department.

At the last two council meetings during which the grant was discussed, Mope said
"the cart was put before the horse" in the execution of the grant. On Saturday,
she further explained what she meant by those remarks.

"Representative Toohil should have come to us first with the plan for the grant,
" she said.

The grant is now being undertaken with the city of Hazleton and city council as
those officially submitting the grant, with Mayor-elect Jeff Cusat listed as the
contact person.

Should the grant be approved, it will contain a salary for a "public safety
director," Mope said.

The title and salary of that key position was altered through council feedback,
according to Mope.

Originally, $70,000 was being set aside for a consultant.

The salary was downgraded to $50,000 for a position lasting four years, covering
the length of the study. An additional $10,000 is being allotted for the
director's benefits.

If awarded, the grant will cover the hiring of new police officers and also will
help upgrade needs of the police in such areas as crime tracking and law
enforcement software for department computers.

mjacketti@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2016 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160104-ZX-Council-will-seek-LSA-grant-for-police-aid-0104-20160104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2016 Standard-Speaker


                          FOCUS - 581 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                     February 24, 2005, Thursday Edition 1

Advice and funding is supporting success

BYLINE: By The Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 44

LENGTH: 775 words


   Success has been the key word in East Durham during 2004 and into 2005 with
the introduction of over 80 start-up businesses and the expansion of many
others.

East Durham Business Service [EDBS] is beginning 2005 with a new portfolio of
funding, meaning that the business advisers are in for another busy year.

Whether you are considering the start, expansion or relocation of your business,
EDBS has an adviser and funding to help you.

Business plans, marketing plans, training, recruitment and employment law issues
are all dealt with by the business support team. Other specialisms include
merchandising and in-store display for retail environments.

During 2004, AFI Aerial Platforms and Jetchem Systems chose the North West
Industrial Estate in Peterlee as their North-East base and Philadelphia
Structures Ltd invested more than 1m in the District, creating a number of jobs.

All grants have been reviewed for 2005 and changed significantly from those
previously offered.

The funding available covers all sectors of business at all stages of life, from
a start-up grant of 500 to a shop improvement grant of up to 10,000.

The EDBS commercial property database provides details on location, size,
amenities and price. A strong relationship with property developers and agents
means EDBS can help identify the right premises for your business.

FUNDING PORTFOLIO FOR BUSINESS START-UP

For people wishing to start their own business, there is a start up grant
available of 500. The main aspects of the funding include:

* Minimum grant of 500.

* Advice on writing a business plan and cash flow.

* Advice on marketing your business.

Larger grants are available for those people investing in setting up from home
or taking on premises and staff.

FUNDING FOR RETAILERS

The funding for retailers has two components, however, the total amount of grant
that any single retail unit can be eligible for is 10,000.

Shop Fitting Grant

This funding is to assist in the process of internal shop improvements and
encourages investment in the retail sector of the District of Easington.

This grant will help the retail business to be more competitive. Retailers must
have fewer than four outlets to be considered for the funding.

* Grants up to 3,000 are available

* Funding available to premises meeting the recognised planning classification
A1 or A3

Shop Improvement Grant

Also available is a grant that assists with improvements to the shop front.

* Grants up to 8,000 are available.

LIFELONG LEARNING

Lifelong learning is yet again high on the agenda for East Durham Business
Service, with funding available for training needs and on-site learning centres.
The grants are as follows:

Lifelong Learning Initiatives Fund.

This grant aims to support and encourage learning activities that fall outside
of the mainstream funding. Any activity that promotes learning will be
considered for selection of this funding.

* Grants range from 50 to 500

* Grants will only be awarded to groups who wish to learn together.

* Funding is designed for learning activities.

Company Training Needs Analysis Grant

This grant assists in staff training and development. Grants up to 450 are
available

Company Training and Learning Grant

This grant is designed to enable companies to facilitate work-based training and
learning that cannot be funded through conventional streams.

* Training can be delivered in the workplace.

* Grants up to 1,000 are available

* Fund can improve areas such as literacy and IT.

Learning Centre Capital Grant

This grant enables local companies to create a learning centre within the
workplace. Learning centres provide lifelong learning opportunities and
encourage a culture of continuous self-development throughout the organisation.

* Grants of up to 6,000 are available.

* Learning programmes offered can be accredited and non-accredited.

SMALL BUSINESS GROWTH GRANT

This funding is designed to help organisations with up to 50 employees which
wish to expand in the District of Easington and recruit at least one employee
within 12 months of the application.

For those companies wishing to take commercial premises in the district the
funding includes:

* Grant of up to 3,000 against the cost of fitting out and equipment purchase.

* Advice on premises using property database.

Marketing is also covered, with money available to support web development and
marketing literature.

* Grant of up to 1,000.

* Assistance with the development of the marketing strategy for your company

For more information call an adviser on [0191] 586-3366 or visit www.edbs.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                          FOCUS - 582 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

National Institutes of Health: Grants Management Specialist - NIAID - MP
NIH-NIAID-MP-15-1313540

LENGTH: 1761  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist - NIAID - MP

Department:Department Of Health And Human Services

Agency:National Institutes of Health

Job Announcement Number:NIH-NIAID-MP-15-1313540
SALARY RANGE:
 $52,668.00 to $99,296.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, February 2, 2015 to Friday, February 6, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 2 vacancies in the following location:
Montgomery County, MD View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Status Candidates (Merit Promotion and VEOA Eligibles)
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The NIH is the premier biomedical research center for the world. Its 27
Institutes and Centers employ approximately 18,000 employees doing a vast array
of jobs, all supporting efforts for a healthy nation. For information on the NIH
mission, goals, and Institutes and Centers, visit NIH Overview.

These positions are located in the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases (NIAID), Division of Extramural Activities (DEA), Grants Management
Program (GMP).  This program is responsible for the award of and administrative
management of all NIAID extramural grant support.  This includes all research
and research training grants; advising scientific program staff on the full
range of technical grants management issues; representing DEA and serving as the
liaison to the NIH on grants issues involving NIAID.  If selected for this
position you will serve as a specialist responsible for managing and
coordinating a complex grant portfolio which includes serving as a technical
authority and resource in communicating with grantees and federal staff.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Position May Require Travel Up To 1 Night Per Month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Time in grade met within 30 days of closing date.
    Position is subject to a background investigation.

DUTIES:
Back to top

If selected you will perform the following duties:

Participate in the planning and business management of the full range of
assigned grants and renewal applications.

Perform post-award monitoring of grants and cooperative agreements similar to
those noted above under pre-award activities.

Process a full range of grant/agreement applications used to determine the
selection of grant/agreement awards. Review grant/agreement applications for
clarity and completeness.

Participate in the negotiation of the budget, award period, and terms and
conditions for grant awards.

Evaluate budget justifications and financial arrangements, including cost
analysis, review of accounting systems, adequacy of resources, acceptability of
milestones, and techniques proposed to ensure responsible stewardship of funds.

Perform administrative analysis and appraisal of applications for a full range
of grants, and check reports of expenditures to ensure compliance with Federal
government fiscal and administrative policies and regulations.

Provide expertise in negotiation, preparation, and administration of grants and
agreements, interpreting the impact of new laws and regulations, and carrying
out or assisting with special assignments.

Provide advice, interpretation, and guidance on statutes, regulations, policies,
and procedures as they relate to the award program in general and individual
applications and proposals.

If you are selected at the GS-09 or GS-11 levels, you will essentially perform
the same duties as the GS-12 level described above; however, duties are less
complex and will be performed under closer supervision with more detailed
guidance.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

GS-09:

Completed a Master's or equivalent graduate degree OR

Have 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to
such a degree or an LL.B. OR

Have a J.D., if related  OR


Have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-07 level in
the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing
the following types of tasks: assisting in coordinating simple funding actions
that begin the grant/agreements awards process; providing assistance in the
administration of the grants portfolio; assisting with activities related to
monitoring grants, including receiving and reviewing progress reports; assisting
with preparation for on-site visits, and preparation of various reports.

OR

Have a combination of post baccalaureate education and experience that meets
100% of the qualification requirements for this position.

GS-11:

Have completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR

3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a
degree or an LL.M., if related OR

Have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-09 level in
the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing
the following types of tasks: reviewing grant applications that are limited in
functional scope and complexity for adequacy, and compliance with requirements;
interpreting routine grants or Cooperative Agreement related policies and
procedures; monitoring grantees' continuing operations to ensure compliance with
the terms and conditions of the grant award; writing Requests For Applications
(RFAs) and Program Announcements (PAs).

OR

Have a combination of post baccalaureate education and experience that meets
100% of the qualification requirements for this position.

GS-12:

Have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 level in
the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing
the following types of tasks: administering a grants portfolio and signing off
on standard grants mechanisms; monitoring grantees' continuing operations to
ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the grant award; negotiating,
preparing and administering grants and agreements; providing fiscal and
administrative review of grant applications; participating in the negotiating,
awarding and obligating of grant funds; writing Requests For Applications and
Program Announcements.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g. professional; philanthropic; religious; spirtual; community;
social).  Volunteer works helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and
skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly
to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience,
including volunteer experience.

View Assessment Questions


If you qualify on the basis of education in lieu of experience, you are strongly
encouraged to submit a copy of your transcripts (or a list of your courses
including titles, credit hours completed and grades). Unofficial transcripts
will be accepted in the application package.  Official transcripts will be
required from all selectees prior to receiving an official offer.  Click here
for information on Foreign Education.

Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with Selective Service.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Evaluation Method

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The federal government offers a comprehensive benefits package including
vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits, and
participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System.  For more information,
check out New Employee Benefits at NIH and OPM's Employee Benefits Information.

OTHER INFORMATION:

A one-year probationary period may be required upon selection/ placement.

Additional selections may be made through this vacancy announcement. The
National Institutes of Health participates in the USCIS Electronic Employment
Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify). E-Verify helps employers determine
employment eligibility of new hires and the validity of their Social Security
numbers. The NIH maintains a tobacco free work environment and campus.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Submission of a resume alone IS NOT a complete application.  You must provide a
complete online Application Package which includes:

Your Resume (Please provide sufficient details in your resume to enable us to
determine if you meet the requirement for qualifying experience (as stated in
the Qualifications section) and to support your answers to the online
questionnaire. Providing insufficient details in your resume may result in a
lower or ineligible rating.)

A complete Assessment Questionnaire, View Assessment Questions.

Other required supporting documents (See the Required Documents section for any
additional forms and/or supplemental materials required.)

For additional information, click on the links below:

Additional Information on How to Apply

Information on Reasonable Accommodation

For technical difficulties, contact HR Systems Support between 8:00 AM and 4:30
PM ET Monday through Friday at hrss@nih.gov

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

The following information must be received by 11:59pm ET on the closing date of
the announcement, Friday, February 06, 2015.

Resume via USAJOBS.
    Responses to online questionnaire.
    If applicable, supporting documentation (including DD214 to support
Veterans' Employment, CTAP/ICTAP, Schedule A, or other information requested in
the announcement such as transcripts). To ensure your information is secure,
please block out any Social Security numbers (SSNs). Clean copies may be
requested if you are hired.

If submitting a copy of your Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50), or
equivalent, submit one that shows the effective date of your current position
and the full performance level. You may obtain a copy of your SF-50 from your HR
Office or, if you are an HHS employee, from eOPF. If you have separated from
Federal Government employment, you may obtain a copy of your SF-50 via: National
Personnel Records Center, Annex, 1411 Boulder Boulevard, Valmeyer, IL, 62295;
FAX - 618-935-3014; Email CPR; or visit the National Archives Website.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Laverne Coleman
Phone: (240)669-2825
Email: COLEMAL1@MAIL.NIH.GOV
Agency Information:
National Institutes of Health
2115 E Jefferson St
Bethesda, MD
20892
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Within 15 business days of the closing date, Friday, February 06, 2015, you may
check your status online at USAJOBS.  We will update your status after each key
stage in the application process has been completed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 583 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

National Institutes of Health: Grants Management Specialist - NIAID - DE
NIH-NIAID-DE-15-1309104

LENGTH: 1847  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Management Specialist - NIAID - DE

Department:Department Of Health And Human Services

Agency:National Institutes of Health

Job Announcement Number:NIH-NIAID-DE-15-1309104
SALARY RANGE:
 $52,668.00 to $99,296.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, February 2, 2015 to Friday, February 6, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1109-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 2 vacancies in the following location:
Montgomery County, MD View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 United States Citizens
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The NIH is the premier biomedical research center for the world. Its 27
Institutes and Centers employ approximately 18,000 employees doing a vast array
of jobs, all supporting efforts for a healthy nation. For information on the NIH
mission, goals, and Institutes and Centers, visit NIH Overview

These positions are located in the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases (NIAID), Division of Extramural Activities (DEA), Grants Management
Program (GMP) This program is responsible for the award of and administrative
management of all NIAID extramural grant support.  This includes all research
and research training grants; advising scientific program staff on the full
range of technical grants management issues; representing and serving as the
liaison to the NIH on grants issues involving NIAID.  If selected for this
position you will serve as a specialist responsible for managing and
coordinating a complex grant portfolio which includes serving as a technical
authority and resource in communicating with grantees and federal staff.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Position may require travel up to 1 night per month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

U.S. Citizenship requirement met by closing date.
    Position is subject to a background investigation.

DUTIES:
Back to top

If selected you will perform the following duties:

Participate in the planning and business management of the full range of
assigned grants and renewal applications.

Perform post-award monitoring of grants and cooperative agreements similar to
those noted above under pre-award activities.

Process a full range of grant/agreement applications used to determine the
selection of grant/agreement awards. Review grant/agreement applications for
clarity and completeness.

Participate in the negotiation of the budget, award period, and terms and
conditions for grant awards.

Evaluate budget justifications and financial arrangements, including cost
analysis, review of accounting systems, adequacy of resources, acceptability of
milestones, and techniques proposed to ensure responsible stewardship of funds.

Perform administrative analysis and appraisal of applications for a full range
of grants, and check reports of expenditures to ensure compliance with Federal
government fiscal and administrative policies and regulations.

Provide expertise in negotiation, preparation, and administration of grants and
agreements, interpreting the impact of new laws and regulations, and carrying
out or assisting with special assignments.

Provide advice, interpretation, and guidance on statutes, regulations, policies,
and procedures as they relate to the award program in general and individual
applications and proposals.

If you are selected at the GS-09 or GS-11 levels, you will essentially perform
the same duties as the GS-12 level described above; however, duties are less
complex and will be performed under closer supervision with more detailed
guidance.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

GS-09:

Completed a Master's or equivalent graduate degree OR

Have 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to
such a degree or an LL.B. OR

Have a J.D., if related  OR


Have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-07 level in
the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing
the following types of tasks: assisting in coordinating simple funding actions
that begin the grant/agreements awards process; providing assistance in the
administration of the grants portfolio; assisting with activities related to
monitoring grants, including receiving and reviewing progress reports; assisting
with preparation for on-site visits, and preparation of various reports.

OR

Have a combination of post baccalaureate education and experience that meets
100% of the qualification requirements for this position.

GS-11:

Have completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR

3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a
degree or an LL.M., if related OR

Have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-09 level in
the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing
the following types of tasks: reviewing grant applications that are limited in
functional scope and complexity for adequacy, and compliance with requirements;
interpreting routine grants or Cooperative Agreement related policies and
procedures; monitoring grantees' continuing operations to ensure compliance with
the terms and conditions of the grant award; writing Requests For Applications
(RFAs) and Program Announcements (PAs).

OR


Have a combination of post baccalaureate education and experience that meets
100% of the qualification requirements for this position.

GS-12:

Have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 level in
the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing
the following types of tasks: administering a grants portfolio and signing off
on standard grants mechanisms; monitoring grantees' continuing operations to
ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the grant award; negotiating,
preparing and administering grants and agreements; providing fiscal and
administrative review of grant applications; participating in the negotiating,
awarding and obligating of grant funds; writing Requests For Applications and
Program Announcements.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g. professional; philanthropic; religious; spirtual; community;
social).  Volunteer works helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and
skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly
to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience,
including volunteer experience.

View Assessment Questions


If you qualify on the basis of education in lieu of experience, you are strongly
encouraged to submit a copy of your transcripts (or a list of your courses
including titles, credit hours completed and grades). Unofficial transcripts
will be accepted in the application package.  Official transcripts will be
required from all selectees prior to receiving an official offer.  Click here
for information on Foreign Education .

Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with Selective Service.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

If you meet the minimum qualifications for this position, your application and
responses to the online questionnaire will be evaluated under Category Rating
and Selection procedures for placement in one of the following categories:

Best Qualified - for those who are superior in the evaluation criteria
    Well Qualified - for those who excel in the evaluation criteria
    Qualified - for those who only meet the minimum qualification requirements

Candidates determined to be Best Qualified will be referred to the hiring
manager for further consideration and possible interview. The Category Rating
Process does not add veterans' preference points, but protects the rights of
veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.

If you are a veteran, CTAP or ICTAP eligible, or an individual with a
disability, please refer to the following links for additional information and
required documents:

Veterans
    CTAP
    ICTAP
    Schedule A Appointments for the Disabled

All such documents MUST be received by 11:59pm ET of the closing date,  Friday,
February 06, 2015, to be considered.

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The federal government offers a comprehensive benefits package including
vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits, and
participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System.  For more information,
check out New Employee Benefits at NIH and OPM's Employee Benefits Information.

OTHER INFORMATION:

A one-year probationary period may be required upon selection/ placement.

Additional selections may be made through this vacancy announcement. The
National Institutes of Health participates in the USCIS Electronic Employment
Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify). E-Verify helps employers determine
employment eligibility of new hires and the validity of their Social Security
numbers. The NIH maintains a tobacco free work environment and campus.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Submission of a resume alone IS NOT a complete application.  You must provide a
complete online Application Package which includes:

Your Resume (Please provide sufficient details in your resume to enable us to
determine if you meet the requirement for qualifying experience (as stated in
the Qualifications section) and to support your answers to the online
questionnaire. Providing insufficient details in your resume may result in a
lower or ineligible rating.)

A complete Assessment Questionnaire, View Assessment Questions.

Other required supporting documents (See the Required Documents section for any
additional forms and/or supplemental materials required.)

For additional information, click on the links below:

Additional Information on How to Apply

Information on Reasonable Accommodation

For technical difficulties, contact HR Systems Support between 8:00 AM and 4:30
PM ET Monday through Friday at hrss@nih.gov

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

The following information must be received by 11:59pm ET on the closing date of
the announcement, Friday, February 06, 2015.

Resume via USAJOBS.
    Responses to online questionnaire.
    If applicable, supporting documentation (including DD214 to support
Veterans' Employment, CTAP/ICTAP, Schedule A, or other information requested in
the announcement such as transcripts). To ensure your information is secure,
please block out any Social Security numbers (SSNs). Clean copies may be
requested if you are hired.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Laverne Coleman
Phone: (240)669-2825
Email: COLEMAL1@MAIL.NIH.GOV
Agency Information:
National Institutes of Health
2115 E Jefferson St
Bethesda, MD
20892
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Within 15 business days of the closing date, Friday, February 06, 2015, you may
check your status online at USAJOBS.  We will update your status after each key
stage in the application process has been completed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 584 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             April 24, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

New grants program aims to help students with one program

BYLINE: Edmonton Journal

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. W8

LENGTH: 560  words


The new Canada Student Grants Program (CSGP) consolidates federal student
financial assistance grants into a single program that will provide more
effective support for students and families and help them manage the cost of
post-secondary education.

The new CSGP is expected to provide support to over 245,000 students starting in
the 2009-2010 school year. The grants available under the new CSGP will be
predictable, easy to apply for, and provided to students at the beginning and
middle of the school year.

Program highlights: Canada Student Grant for Persons from Low-Income Families:
Students from low-income families who qualify for a federal student loan and
meet the specific grant eligibility requirements will receive $250 per month of
study. This grant is available for all years of an eligible university
undergraduate, college, or trade school program.

Canada Student Grant for Persons from Middle-Income Families: Students from
middle-income families who qualify for a federal student loan and meet the
specific grant eligibility requirements will receive $100 per month of study.
This grant is available for all years of an eligible university undergraduate,
college or trade school program.

Canada Student Grant for Persons with Permanent Disabilities: Under this grant,
students with permanent disabilities may receive $2,000 per academic year to
help cover the costs of accommodation, tuition, and books.

Canada Student Grant for Services and Equipment for Persons with Permanent
Disabilities: Under this grant, students with permanent disabilities who have
exceptional education-related costs such as tutors, note-takers, interpreters,
braillers or technical aids may receive up to $8,000 per academic year.

Canada Student Grant for Persons with Dependants: Under this grant, low-income
students with children may receive $200 in grant assistance per month of study
for each child under 12 years of age. Canada Student Grant for Part-Time
Students with Dependants: Under this grant, part-time students with up to two
children under 12 years of age may be eligible for $40 per week of study, and
parttime students with three or more chidren may be eligible for $60 per week of
study.

Canada Student Grant for Part-Time Studies: Under this grant, part-time students
may be eligible for up to $1,200 per school year.

Transition Grant: As of August 1, 2009, eligible recipients of a Canada
Millennium Scholarship Foundation (CMSF) Millennium bursary in 2008-2009 may
receive a transition grant which does not need to be paid back, for up to three
additional years of undergraduate study. The transition grant will equal the
difference between the CMSF Millennium bursary received during the 2008-2009
school year and a Canada Student Grant for Persons from Low-Income Families or
Canada Student Grant for Persons from Middle-Income Families.

The Government of Canada will continue to work with participating provinces and
territories to implement the new Canada Student Grants Program. Quebec, the
Northwest Territories and Nunavut offer their own student financial aid programs
and do not participate in the Canada Student Loans Program. Contact the student
financial assistance office in your province or territory of permanent residence
to learn more about available student financial aid program.

From the Government of Canada website, www.canada.gc.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 585 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             August 31, 2014 Sunday

Community Foundation distributes more than $290,000 in new grants

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D,11,2

LENGTH: 1053 words


Community Foundation distributes more than $290,000 in new grants

FITCHBURG -- The Community Foundation of North Central Massachusetts has
announced 23 grants totaling nearly $293,000 from its general endowment and a
field of interest fund.

Seven grants made from the foundation's general endowment were awarded to the
following:

CASA Project Inc., Worcester, received $14,910 to provide advocacy for child
victims in the court system in North Central Massachusetts.

A $9,940 grant was made to Community Legal Aid Inc., Worcester, to help local
families who are homeless move out of crisis and toward stability by providing
free legal assistance to obtain shelter.

L.U.K. Crisis Center Inc., Fitchburg, received a $16,898 grant for its North
Central Runaway and Homeless Youth Network, which proactively reaches out to the
young adult homeless population.

To provide mentoring services to homeless families, Montachusett Interfaith
Hospitality Network Inc. in Leominster received a $19,880 grant.

A $3,979 grant to The Salvation Army, Athol Corps, will fund a safe haven to
keep children physically active at critical times during the year.

The Salvation Army, Montachusett Corps, based in Fitchburg, received a $9,940
grant to reduce juvenile crime by improving school attendance and grades.

A grant of $2,982 will help the Sterling Council on Aging purchase 125 carbon
monoxide detectors for elderly residents.

A fund established for environmental causes and animal welfare made seven grants
to the following organizations:

Friends of Sholan Farms Inc. in Leominster received $10,000 for developing the
second phase of its master strategic plan.

A $14,000 grant to Groton Conservation Trust will be used to reduce invasive
species, with the goal of sharing best practices with surrounding communities.

Just Understand My Potential Inc., Harvard, received $2,000 to help at-risk
youths and young adults access the outdoor environment in a meaningful way.

A $4,000 grant to the Massachusetts Audubon Society Inc. will be used for a
science education program for Grades 3 and 4 teachers at Crocker Elementary
School in Fitchburg.

Merrimack River Feline Rescue Society, Salisbury, received a $10,000 grant to
provide low-cost spay services for cats belonging to residents of Fitchburg,
Gardner and Leominster.

The completion of 25 new trails will happen for the Millers River Watershed
Council Inc. in the Athol area, thanks to a $9,250 grant for their Upper
Millers-Otter Blue Trails.

At-risk youths will get vocational and educational experience through The
Trustees of Reservations program, Leominster Regional Youth Conservation Corps,
which received a $15,000 grant.

A fund established for organizational development made the following six grants:

A $9,890 grant to Athol Orange Community Television Inc. will provide FM access
to local programing and municipal meetings.

Seven Hills' Children's Aid Family Services in Fitchburg received a $5,528 grant
to purchase computer equipment and software for its Child Enrichment Center.

A $14,835 grant to the Friends of the Templeton Elders will be used to expand
its food programs.

Fruitlands Museums Inc. of Harvard received a $4,958 grant to develop a
strategic business and facilities plan.

Gardner's House of Peace Education Inc. received a $9,890 grant for its Hopeful
Boutique, a nonprofit enterprise that provides educational programs.

A $14,835 grant to Twin Cities Community Development Corporation in Fitchburg
will be used for a regionalization project.

A fund established for basic human needs made three grants:

Kylee's Kare Kits for Kidz Inc. of Leominster received a $10,000 grant to
provide food assistance to students attending Leominster Public Schools.

A $5,000 grant was made to Our Father's Table in Fitchburg, which provides hot
meals to local families in need.

The foundation's Educational Access Fund made a $75,000 grant to Mount Wachusett
Community College for its scholarship program.

Since its inception, the foundation has awarded more than $35 million in grants
and distributions from 160 funds that have been established by individuals,
families and organizations. "What continues to impress me is the quality of the
programs that we had the opportunity to support," said Phil Grzewinski,
president and CEO of the Community Foundation of North Central Massachusetts.

Unum awards college scholarships to local Worcester students

WORCESTER -- Unum recently awarded college scholarships to two children of Unum
employees.

Nicole Mello, daughter of Nancy Mello, a senior complaints specialist at Unum's
Worcester office, will further her studies in the field of education. "As a
present and future teacher, I'm delighted to be a part of Unum's long tradition
of supporting education," Miss Mello said. "My mother has worked for Unum since
before I was born, and I know it means a lot to her to see I'm receiving a
scholarship from Unum."

Noelle Scarlett, daughter of Paul Scarlett, a quality assurance consultant at
Unum's Worcester office, is preparing for Boston College where she will major in
communications and theater arts. Miss Scarlett said, "I feel truly honored to be
selected as a 2014 scholarship recipient and sincerely appreciate Unum's
commitment to my education with such a fine institution."

Since 1991, the Unum scholarship program has donated $1,416,410 to help 227
students further their education. The scholarships range from $1,000 to $3,000.
Each award is based on factors such as academic performance, school and
community involvement and financial need.

The two recipients are among 10 who received scholarships this year. The 10 were
chosen from 77 applicants nationwide and boast a combined GPA of 3.93.

Country Bank gives $14,500 to schools

WARE -- Country Bank surprised 29 local schools that participate in the bank's
Savings Makes Sense school banking program with a $500 gift cards to Staples to
help cover the cost of back-to-school supplies.

"We know how difficult it is for the schools to have the supplies they need when
budgets become tight," said Jodie Gerulaitis, financial education officer of
Country Bank. "They are truly so grateful and appreciative of this gift."

Country Bank serves Central and Western Massachusetts with 15 offices in Ware,
Palmer, Brimfield, Belchertown, Ludlow, Wilbraham, Paxton, Charlton, Leicester
and West Brookfield.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 586 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 12, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

A Smooth Transition; How Archie Leach Became Cary Grant

Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 807 words


CARY GRANT

A Class Apart

By Graham McCann

Columbia University Press. 346 pp. $ 24.95

Graham McCann gets to the essential point right off the bat. "Cary Grant was an
excellent idea," he writes in the opening paragraph of this admirable biography.
"He did not exist, so someone had to invent him." The man who did was named
Archie Leach, born in the English city of Bristol in 1904. Cary Grant was born
27 years later, when Leach signed with Paramount and permitted his name to be
changed. He so liked this name and the persona that came with it "that he
devoted the rest of his life to its refinement." Small wonder:

Cary Grant "was that most unexpected but attractive of contradictions: a
democratic symbol of gentlemanly grace. No other man seemed so classless and
self-assured, as happy with the world of music-hall as with the haute monde, as
adept at polite restraint as at acrobatic pratfalls. No other man was equally at
ease with the romantic and with the comic. No other man seemed sufficiently
secure in himself and his abilities to toy with his own dignity without ever
losing it. No other man aged so well and with such fine style. No other man, in
short, played the part so well: Cary Grant made men seem like a good idea. As
one of the women in his movies said to him: Do you know what's wrong with you?
Nothing!"

All of which is entirely true, and all of which raises, for McCann as for
everyone else who has attempted to come to grips with the phenomenon of Cary
Grant, a perhaps unanswerable question: Where did Archie Leach end and Cary
Grant begin? Put another way: Who, really, was Cary Grant?

Innumerable stabs have been made at these tantalizing mysteries, in newspaper
and magazine articles during Grant's long life -- he died in 1986, at the age of
82, vigorous almost to the end -- and in various biographies published in the
past decade. The quality of these last has varied from competent to unspeakable,
as the Grant legend has been explored by everyone from workmanlike journalists
to lurid sensationalists.

McCann, who teaches at Cambridge University and has written often about film
personalities, comes closer to giving Grant the ride he deserves than anyone
else to date. Such tabloid fodder as is to be found in Grant's story he treats
forthrightly but in brief: He finds no evidence that Grant was homosexual,
closeted or otherwise; he believes that Grant's difficulties with women -- he
had five wives -- arose not from any sexual incompatibility but from his
"perfectionism, his endless lectures on dress sense, hair colour, correct
pronunciation and table manners"; and he has no doubt that fatherhood, which did
not come to Grant until he was 62, was the great joy of his private life.

It is on Grant the movie star, "the last romantic hero," that McCann properly
focuses his attention. He gives Grant high marks for professionalism and hard
work -- "Underneath that suave manner and sophisticated style," Gregory Peck
said, "he was dyed-in-the-wool, grass-roots, down-to-earth show business." And
he gives the Archie Leach side of Grant the major credit for creating, refining
and perpetuating the Grant myth; indeed he persuasively argues that it is
because we always sense Leach somewhere in Grant that we are able to respond so
warmly to him. A mixture of earthiness and sophistication was the key to Grant,
and it was Leach who supplied the first ingredient.

McCann is also good on Grant's films. He admires, as well he should, the early
comedies that may be his greatest achievement, but he is equally enthusiastic
about Grant's ability to remake himself into that "last romantic hero" of the
later movies, the Hitchcock movies most particularly. If anything, Grant's
humanity and romantic allure intensified as he grew older. Though he quit making
movies when he was in his mid-sixties, he retained his power to beguile and
bewitch -- and to amuse, too -- right to the end.

He seems to have been a number of different people. The Archie Leach side of him
never lost sight of his roots and always kept the Cary Grant side firmly based
in reality. He often played absent-minded, otherworldly fellows and no doubt had
this side to himself as well. But not merely was he thoroughly professional as
an actor, he was a hard-boiled businessman who protected and advanced his
interests with unshakable resolve. Though in some sense he probably was always
acting, he convinced most of those who knew him well that he was the genuine
article: a decent, thoughtful man. As McCann properly points out in his
conclusion, Cary Grant bore little resemblance to the movie stars of today,
whose "brash and boorish self-absorption stands in stark and sour contrast to
his charming civility." Sic transit gloria mundi.

Jonathan Yardley's Internet address is yardleyjclark.net


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Cary Grant: That mixture of earthiness and sophistication.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                          FOCUS - 587 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             June 22, 1998, Monday

GRANT CHASER'S PERFORMANCE HARD TO GAUGE

BYLINE: MICHAEL VAN SICKLER The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 785 words


LAKELAND -- Former state Rep. Dean Saunders doesn't want to be judged by how
much time he spends as the official grant chaser for Lakeland. He wants to be
judged by how successful he is in getting those grants.

"If I'm successful in a phone conversation that takes five minutes, is that any
worse than if I spent 500 hours?" asked Saunders, who is a real estate broker.
"I get paid to put deals together."

Since he was hired last August by city commissioners to secure grants for the
city -- at a $ 1,000 monthly retainer -- it's difficult to determine just how
much time Saunders dedicates to the job he was hired for or what impact he has
had.

He was hired to use his Tallahassee contacts

to snare a Communities Trust grant from the

Department of Community Affairs that could net $ 1.7 million to $ 2.5 million in
the city's attempt to buy 178 acres of CSX property and turn it into a $ 12
million park.

Commissioner Don Gifford saw Saunders as providing something the city couldn't
provide: expertise.

"In this particular instance, Dean Saunders may have some particular skills or
talent that our in-house staff doesn't have currently," Gifford said during the
August meeting when the commission approved hiring Saunders.

If the city receives the CSX grant, Saunders would get 3 percent, with the
retainers deducted from that total.

If it's a $ 1.7 million grant, that would mean $ 51,000 for Saunders minus the $
12,000 he would have received from monthly retainers.

If the grant awarded is the maximum of $ 2.5 million, then Saunders would
receive $ 75,000 -- which would be $ 63,000 with the retainers deducted.

The application for the grant was turned in April 27. The grant award will be
announced on

Aug. 27-28.

When asked if he had worked on any other grants since he was hired, Saunders
said he hadn't.

Saunders said he needed some directive from the city staff about what other
grants he should pursue.

Commissioners approved hiring Saunders on a year-to-year basis. So in August,
Saunders' performance will be up for an evaluation.

This was the first time the city had hired a grant coordinator or lobbyist to
secure a state grant.

The city usually relies on its staff to apply for grants.

One notable exception to that policy was when the city applied for a federal
grant that is helping with the dredging of Lake Hollingsworth.

The city hired Holland & Knight at a rate of $ 160 to $ 220 per hour with a
maximum fee of $ 78,000. Lakeland received a

$ 3.5 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy.

Commissioners will base Saunders' performance on whether Lakeland receives the
grant he was hired to get.

"Until we find out if we get the grant, I can't really say much about what he's
done," said Mayor Buddy Fletcher, who approached Saunders last summer at the
movies about the possibility of finding a grant for the CSX property.

But even determining what Saunders has done in making Lakeland's grant
application a successful one is difficult.

That's because Randy Mathews, a principal planner with the Community Development
Department, has spent the majority of time working on the grant.

Mathews said he spent three weeks writing the application with little help.

And Mathews had applied for the same grant in 1992, when he secured $ 648,000
for Lake Bonny Park without any help.

"Fortunately, with Lake Bonny, I was familiar with the process, so I didn't need
his help in that respect," Mathews said.

For the CSX grant, Saunders did put Mathews in touch with biologist Richard
Hilsenbeck, who did field work identifying natural habitat at the site.

"That program is geared toward natural habitats, so that was a big help,"
Mathews said.

As for whether Saunders should have been hired at all, Mathews wouldn't say.

"That's not for me to determine," he said. "But if I have three weeks to fill
out a survey, I'll take anybody's help."

Saunders said he proved invaluable to applying for the CSX grant.

This year is much more competitive than 1992, when Mathews applied for the Lake
Bonny grant, he said.

"There's 113 applications this year," Saunders said. "It's necessary to have
that application as thorough as possible."

Saunders said he had numerous meetings with staff at the Department of Community
Development and city staff on how to make the most out of Lakeland's
application.

"It's not my job to write the grant," Saunders said. "It's to consult on the
grant and facilitate the process.

"People can always ask what I'm worth," he said. "But I was hired and I have
done everything necessary to maximize the points on this application so that
when it is evaluated, it will be successful."


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Saunders

             Copyright 1998 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                          FOCUS - 588 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 15, 1996, Sunday

The man with the perfect molecules

BYLINE: Tom Shone

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 778 words


Cary Grant a British intelligence spy? Whatever dirt biographers uncover or
recycle, TOM SHONE still finds him Mr Nice Guy.

'You're just a bunch of molecules until you know who you are," said Cary Grant,
but then he could afford to: what most of us wouldn't give for just one of
Grant's molecules. His biographers, of course, fancy themselves knee deep in the
things and, like kids in a sandpit, they delight in rearranging Grant into all
sorts of eye-catching shapes and patterns: they build mountains out of his
molecules. And so we've had Cary Grant: Homosexual! We've had Cary Grant: Drug
Taker! And now, hot off the presses, we have Cary Grant: Double Agent!

This latest biography Cary Grant: A Class Apart by Graham McCann (Fourth Estate
Pounds 6.99) has made headlines with the news that Grant worked as a spy for
British intelligence during the war - which depends on what you mean by spy.
Noel Coward and David Niven were also recruited, which gives you a vague inkling
as to the species of spy we're talking here: James Bond with all the cocktail
repartee and none of the gun chases. It also depends on what you mean by news:
the last time I read this was in Higham and Mosley's 1989 biography of Grant.

The real irony of this sudden, sulphurous cloud of scandal is that it couldn't,
in fact, have been occasioned by a less rancorous book. McCann's biography is no
run of the rumour mill (the spy allegations are dealt with in a paragraph and
don't even make the index), but a respectful, discreet and intellectually chaste
affair. "Why let daylight in on magic?" Grant once said. McCann doesn't want to
expose Grant's magic to the harsh glare of bad publicity, but to explore it from
within by the pencil-beam torchlight of the devoted fan.

Being a devoted fan who also happens to be a fellow of King's College,
Cambridge, McCann's ardour sometimes comes dollied up in too much intellectual
armour - Emerson's phrase "carried the holiday in his eyes" fits Grant like a
glove, Proust's meditation on dead mothers fits like an old sock - but McCann's
own comments can be attentive and subtle. On Grant's generosity towards his
female co-stars he writes: "His vulnerability gave them strength, his silences
allowed them to talk." Grant allowed audiences to feel they were in on his act,
McCann writes, not with "the cynical wink of the fake but rather (with) the
playful nod of someone having the time of his life". So, too, does McCann, who
gives off the air, rare in Hollywood biographers, of having watched and actually
liked the films he's talking about. Curious.

But then, so was his subject. Grant was an extraordinarily ersatz creation. The
initials of Clark Gable, the tan and tux of Douglas Fairbanks, an accent pitched
somewhere between the west coast and the east end, Grant was a real salad of
selves. It took young Archie Leach (Grant's real name), a Bristol-born acrobat,
several years to perfect his dish, and then five marriages and as many decades
to figure out who he was when he wasn't being so damn perfect. I was
particularly pleased to be reminded of Grant's experiments with LSD in the early
1960s, as part of a course of psychotherapy. "I remember at one point lying on
the doctor's couch, squirming around, moving around in small circles, telling
myself that I was getting un-screwed up." It's a lovely image: the master of
screwball just wanted to unwind.

Why didn't such admissions hurt his career, and why do they still do nothing to
dent our sense of his dignity? I think it has something to do with Grant's
remarkably absorbent strain of screen sophistication: as comfortable prancing
around in pyjamas as swanning around in a tux, his dignity was strengthened, not
weakened, by the prospect of a pratfall - and, as for squirming around in
circles, attempting to unscrew himself, well, add a leopard and you pretty much
have the plot of Bringing Up Baby. He was a true clown prince, his elegance, as
Pauline Kael said, "wrapped around the resilient tough core of a mutt".

Kael's essay is still the best bit of writing on Grant. McCann's would be better
if it weren't possessed by such an obstinate aversion to simplicity: "It would
be much too simplistic to say that Cary Grant, once he withdrew from view,
ceased to be Cary Grant, that Cary Grant, in retirement, relaxed into being
Archie Leach. . ."

That's a lot of Cary Grants. But then, even Grant realised this. "Everyone wants
to be Cary Grant," he once said. "Even I want to be Cary Grant." McCann's book
is a fine tribute to the one guy who managed to pull it off: a lousy husband, a
superb screen actor and a great bunch of molecules.


LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cinema; Books

                    Copyright 1996 Times Newspapers Limited


                          FOCUS - 589 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                August 25, 2005

Grants system provides crucial support for students

SECTION: Ireland; Other Stories; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1263 words


College Choice/Brian Mooney: Now that the decisions are being made as to whether
to accept a place in college next year, a central question arises. Can we afford
to send our child to further or higher education?

Fortunately for many families the answer is yes. For others the existence of the
grant system is crucial.

Third-level Students Grants System

The closing date for grant applications this year is August 31st; however, the
awarding bodies have discretion to accept late applications. It is crucial that
applicants submit properly completed application forms as well as all the
necessary documentation stipulated on the application form, otherwise the
application form will be returned and will not be considered until the properly
completed form is returned.

Depending on the course a student is pursuing they may be eligible for a grant
under one of the following schemes:

The higher education grants scheme, which generally applies to university degree
courses.

Third-level maintenance grants scheme for trainees, which applies to most
certificate and diploma courses in the institutes of technology.

The vocational education committees' scholarship scheme, which generally applies
to add-on degrees where students have already pursued certificate/diploma level
courses.

The maintenance grants scheme for students attending Post Leaving Certificate
(PLC) courses.

The local authorities (local councils) administer the higher education grants
scheme. The other three schemes are administered by the vocational education
committees. Grant applications should be made to these bodies as appropriate.

An application must meet the essential condition relating to means. There are of
course other conditions, including those relating to age, residence and
nationality.

How does the means test work?

When you apply for a grant, the income that is assessed must be at or below a
certain amount (the "reckonable income"). For the 2005/2006 academic year, the
reckonable income limit (based on gross income for the tax-year 2004) is as
follows: if your family has fewer than four dependent children and parental
income is less than EUR 35,485 a year, you will be able to qualify for a full
maintenance grant.

There are different thresholds for larger families, ranging from EUR 38,990 for
those with four to seven children, to EUR 42,335 for those with eight or more
dependent children.

Higher income limits apply in respect of lower rates of maintenance grants.

The full student service charge is paid where families have (a) less than four
dependent children and incomes of under EUR 44,350; (b) between four and seven
dependent children and incomes of under EUR 48,740; or (c) eight or more
dependent children and incomes under EUR 52,910.

In the 2005/2006 academic year, where two or more children (or the candidate's
parent) are pursuing a course of study listed below, the reckonable income
limits may be increased by EUR 4,295 where there are two such children, EUR
8,590 where there are three such children and so on, by increments of EUR 4,295.

(i) Attending full-time third-level education;

(ii) Attending a recognised PLC course, student nurse training or student Garda
training;

(iii) Participating in a Failte Ireland (formerly Cert) course of at least one
year's duration;

(iv) Attending a full-time Teagasc course in an agricultural college;

(v) Attending a recognised full-time further education course of at least one
year, in Northern Ireland.

What is the rate of grant?

Grants are paid at either of two rates: the non-adjacent rate, where the grant
holder's residence is more than 15 miles from the college and the adjacent rate,
where the grant holder's residence is 15 miles or less from the college.

For 2005/06, the highest non- adjacent rate of grant is EUR 3,020. The highest
adjacent rate of grant is EUR 1,210. Lower rates of grant are payable, depending
on the reckonable income.

Grant holders who satisfy certain conditions may be eligible for what is known
as a top-up grant, an amount additional to the ordinary rate of grant. For
2005/2006, the non-adjacent ordinary grant plus the top-up has been increased to
EUR 5,355 and the adjacent rate to EUR 2,145, i.e. a top-up of EUR 2,335 and EUR
935 respectively.

The reckonable income limit for the top-up grant for the 2005/2006 academic year
is EUR 15,626, all or part of which must be a social welfare or analogous
payment. You can get details of the grant schemes outlined above from the local
authorities and vocational education committees.

Details on the grants schemes are also available on the Department of Education
and Science's website, www.education.ie

The national office for equity of access to higher education administers the
millennium partnership fund, the student assistance fund and the fund for
students with disabilities on behalf of the Department of Education and Science.

The Government, under the National Development Plan 2000-2006, funds these
schemes with assistance from the European Social Fund (ESF).

The millennium partnership fund

This ESF-aided fund supports students from disadvantaged areas attending further
or higher education courses. Partnership companies and community groups manage
the fund locally. Information on partnership/ community groups can be obtained
at Area Development Management Ltd, 01-240 0700 (website: www.adm.ie).

The student assistance fund (for approved third-level institutions)

This ESF-aided fund assists students who, having commenced a third-level course,
experience financial hardship and therefore may be unable to continue their
third-level studies. Applications for funding should be made by the individual
student to the access officer in their institution.

Students with disabilities - what supports are out there?

Among the thousands of Leaving Certificate students who will secure a place in
college this autumn there will be a number of students with disabilities, so
where can they turn to for advice and support? The first person a student with a
disability should contact is the disability or access officer in their college,
or in the case of PLC students, the principal of the PLC centre.

Each university and institute of technology now has a disability or access
officer whose role is to support students as they move through college.

Further general information on accessing third-level education is available to
students with disabilities from Ahead, PO Box 30, East Hall, UCD, Carysfort
Avenue, Blackrock, Co Dublin. Phone: 01-716 4396 (website: www.ahead.ie).

The main source of funding for the supports that students with disabilities need
while they are in college is the ESF-aided fund for students with disabilities.

Through this fund, the students can be provided with assistance such as learning
support.

This service can include support with study skills, reading techniques, memory
techniques, essay writing, time management and examination preparation.

Students wishing to apply to the ESF fund for students with disabilities should
contact the disability or access officer in their college or the principal of
the PLC centre in the case of PLC students.

Brian Mooney's column on CAO options will appear each weekday in the run-up to
the deadline at the end of this month.

-You can email Brian Mooney on bmooney@irish-times.ie

- Are you confident you will secure your CAO option? Join the discussion forum
on Skoool.ie, the award-winning education website developed by The Irish Times,
AIB and Intel.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 The Irish Times


                          FOCUS - 590 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    November 8, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Sweet science of education; Boxer Grant giving kids a hand at high school

BYLINE: HERB ZURKOWSKY; GAZETTE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 845 words


Otis Grant looks natural and quite comfortable in his surroundings - unusual
since Grant is a professional boxer and this is Verdun's Argyle Academy. The
sweet science and education can make for strange bedfellows.

But not in Grant's case. The two have been intertwined throughout his life.

Getting an education wasn't always easy for Grant, who was boxing at an early
age and travelling to tournaments. His parents divorced in 1987. Grant
considered quitting school and looking for a job to support his mother but she
talked him out of it and he stayed in school.

It took Grant three years to complete CEGEP and four years for university, but
he graduated from Concordia in 1993 with a BA in recreation and leisure
services.

"More people in the boxing business see that as a novelty than I do," said Grant
recently. "I was determined. It's will. It comes from within. I made goals and
tried to obtain them one by one. The process was slow and I did it. You've got
to be disciplined - at school or whatever."

Delivering same message

And now, in his own small way, Grant is attempting to deliver the same message
to the students of the Verdun high school. He was hired on Sept. 26 to work with
them in a number of capacities.

Grant is a teacher's aide, supervisor and intermediary, not only helping
students with their academic problems but helping bridge the gap with the
numerous social difficulties experienced by teenagers.

Grant fits in perfectly with the school's mandate. Argyle Academy, attended by
350 students between the ages of 12 and 17, stresses athletics as well as
academics. Last July, the school received a national award for its quality of
daily physical education.

The school also receives an annual grant from the provincial government and uses
the money to devise programs that, it hopes, will help reduce the dropout rate.
The grant was used last year to co-ordinate a peer-tutoring program.

Dan Sipos, Argyle Academy's principal, used part of this year's fund to hire
Grant. He's paid a nominal hourly rate and has a one- year contract.

Sipos and Grant have known each other for several years. Grant, Sipos said, left
a lasting impression on him from their first meeting.

"I was impressed by him," said Sipos. "He's low-key but has a very positive
manner. He steps forward to talk to kids and is quick to catch on to a kid who
needs help. Kids seems to like him right away. That's what teaching's about. He
would make a good teacher."

Grant, coincidentally, hopes to eventually return to university and get a
teaching certificate in physical education. His dream is to open his own
recreation centre one day.

Grant is trying to remain a non-celebrity at the school and is generally
succeeding. But slowly, kids are beginning to recognize him, the word is
spreading and he's being asked to sign autographs - something that isn't totally
counter-productive.

"There's always a need for good role models," said Sipos.

At 26, Grant isn't that much older that some of the students. Bonds are being
formed. Grant finds students can relate to him and his preachings.

"I'm comfortable with kids," said Grant. "It's not like I don't like kids or
can't stand them."

The boxer has worked with kids at recreation and youth centres. He even has
delivered speeches at schools, addressing the importance of education. "It's not
like working with kids is strange or uncomfortable."

Grant is slowly growing into his role, feeling more comfortable with it.
Realizing he is neither teacher, counsellor or parent, he treads carefully when
asked to intercede and interpret, listening and seeking help from his superiors.

"I'm not one to say, 'do this and things will be fixed.' I need help from the
people I'm working for and with," said Grant.

"I want to be the kids' friend. A lot of kids have trouble talking with their
teachers, parents or the principal. Me, I'm not an administrator or teacher. I
can be the go-between."

Not to be overlooked in all this is Grant's night job. He remains a boxer and
still has dreams of one day becoming a world champion. Grant, a former Canadian
and North American middleweight champ, retains the desire to fight and avenge
the only loss of his 23-bout career, suffered last March to Quincy Taylor.

Returns to the ring

Grant returns to the ring next Tuesday at the Forum with a 10- rounder against
Jerry Lee Williams. Grant also has a December bout scheduled for Connecticut and
Sipos's assurance that his schedule is flexible. Still, it makes for a hectic
day.

It begins at 8 a.m. and concludes more than 12 hours later, when Grant returns
home from training. It leaves little time to spend with his companion, Betty,
and their 3-month-old daughter, Alexandria.

Grant, of course, will manage - as he always has. And, when the year is done,
Sipos is convinced the fighter will have left his mark on Argyle Academy's
students.

"I'd like to see the students recognize that he made a difference, that he
helped them be more positive, academically and outside school."

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 591 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: Grants & Accounting Manager

LENGTH: 701  words

DATELINE: Washington


The AIDS Foundation of Chicago has issued the following news release:

The AIDS Foundation of Chicago (AFC) is seeking a motivated, organized, and
detail-oriented person to serve as its Grants & Accounting Manager. The Grants &
Accounting Manager is responsible for responsible for grants management and
accounting duties, including auditing and processing subcontractor reimbursement
requests, issuing subcontractor agreements, monitoring subcontractor
expenditures, monitoring grant expenditures, developing budgets and budget
projections, creating related spreadsheets and reports, invoicing and
vouchering.

Founded in 1985 by community activists and physicians, AFC is a local and
national leader in the fight against HIV/AIDS. AFC collaborates with community
organizations to develop and improve HIV/AIDS services; funds and coordinates
prevention, care, and advocacy projects; and champions effective, compassionate
HIV/AIDS policy.

Principal functions and responsibilities of this position include the following:

Grants Management:

Responsible for fiscal management of the following public and private grants, as
of the date of this job description, and for new grants as funded/assigned.

Public:

Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Grants
 Health Resources and Services Administration Grants
 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Grants
 Public Health Institute of Metropolitan Chicago Corrections & Testing Grants
 National Institutes on Drug Abuse subgrant through UIC
 AIDS United grants
 Fry Foundation grant
 MAC AIDS Fund grants
 Levi Strauss grant
 Comer Foundation grant
 Gilead Pharmaceuticals grants
 Gilead Foundation grants
 Janssen Pharmaceuticals grants
 Chicago Community Trust grants

Private:

Review and audit subcontractor reimbursement requests;
 Prepare monthly vouchers (when required), and accounting and services'
worksheets;
 Monitor grant expenditures, maintain records of use of funds, conduct quarterly
expenditure review meetings;
 Prepare budgets, budget revisions, and budget projections in coordination with
the CFO and relevant program staff:
 Provide program department with necessary fiscal reports for grant close-out
activities;
 Prepare and distribute subcontractor agreements and amendments;
 Provide technical assistance to subcontractors in preparing their monthly
reimbursement requests;
 Prepare annual audit confirmation letters to subcontractors;
 Prepare for and participate in fiscal site visits at AFC conducted by AFC's
funders;
 Act as lead in conducting subcontractor agency fiscal site visits, as required,
to monitor compliance with fiscal and administrative contractor requirements;
 Assist with subcontractor renewal activities.
 Prepare and issue invoices as needed for submission to managed care
organizations (MCO);
 Submit invoices by electronic data exchange as needed for non-grant services
billing;
 Track accounts receivable for non-grant services billing;
 Perform account reconciliations,
 Monitor account details for non-payments,
 Research and resolve payment discrepancies,
 Communicate with MCOs via phone, email, mail to resolve issues

Billing/Accounts Receivable:

Other:

Act as back-up to Contracts Manager on Provide system
 Assist with agency-wide activities as needed, including Annual Meeting, AIDS
Run & Walk, World of Chocolate, and other events
 Assist with other AFC departments' activities as directed
 Perform other duties as required
 Assist with agencywide activities as directed including, but not limited to,
the Annual Meeting, AIDS Run & Walk, World of Chocolate, and other AFC events.
 Assist with other AFC activities as requested;
 Perform other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree preferred with accounting coursework taken if degree is not in
a finance related field. Minimum two years accounting or grants management
experience required, intermediate to advanced-level skill level using Excel,
computer proficiency in accounting software, knowledge of Financial Edge a plus.
Strong attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple projects,
establish workload priorities, and meet deadlines are critical.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 592 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 August 4, 2006
                              Correction Appended

Golden diamond shines at raking in research riches

BYLINE: Anthea Lipsett

SECTION: Pg. 4 No. 1754

LENGTH: 793  words


Heavyweight universities dominate The Times Higher's table of funding award
winners but, reports Anthea Lipsett, there are a few surprises

The concentration of public research funding in the heavyweight research
universities was confirmed this week in The Times Higher's roundup of research
council grant winners.

But there are also a few surprises among those institutions where academics are
most successful in securing research council grants - with Middlesex University,
for example, emerging top of the award winners for the arts and humanities.

Our table collates for the first time all available figures from the research
councils on how well universities fared in securing research grants. The latest
figures for 2005 were published this week.

The table includes only universities, as opposed to other research
organisations, and only those that won at least ten research grants from one of
the research councils.

Drawing a comparison between research councils is difficult because they treat
the figures differently. But, mostly, the research council figures pull together
data for responsive mode grants - awarded in response to academic proposals -
with statistics for all other types of grants.

The "golden diamond" of research-led universities maintain their status as the
best in the UK at winning grants.

Cambridge, Manchester and Oxford universities, University College London and
Imperial College London do well across all the research councils.

Oxford is among the top five universities to win grants from both the Medical
Research Council and the Economic and Social Research Council.

Cambridge won most grants from the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences
Research Council.

Imperial won the most grants from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research
Council, came second in securing funding from the MRC and fifth in winning
grants from the BBSRC.

But the universities of Bristol, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Leeds and Southampton, and
the London School of Economics and King's College London also feature in the top
five grant winners for several of the research councils.

Southampton University received the most grants from the Natural Environment
Research Council, and Middlesex University won the most grants from the Arts and
Humanities Research Council.

UCL emerges top of the Particle Physics and Astronomy Research Council grant
holders' table. We have treated this separately because it offers little
responsive mode funding and its timescale for awarding grants is also much
longer.

Julia King, principal of Imperial's faculty of engineering, put the
institution's success down to the calibre of researchers recruited and the
support provided to them when applying for research grants.

"We also try to mentor staff - so other staff will read their grant applications
and act as if they were referees."

She added that Imperial worked on its relationships with the research councils
to find out what programme managers were interested in.

Richard Tufnell, dean of Middlesex's School of Arts and Education, said:

"Our strategy over recent years has been to apply for all types of arts and
humanities research funding, whatever the size of the grants on offer. We can
now see this strategy paying off."

Catherine Quinn, Oxford's research services director, said: "Oxford is
competitive in this area (winning grants) for simple reasons: the sheer quality
of the researchers and the research they do, as well as the effort they put into
making successful applications for external funding. But the university also
takes a very active role in providing support services and infrastructure, as
well as investing in helping new research get off the ground through internal
seed funding."

This directed internal investment was part of an overall strategy to maintain
Oxford's international competitiveness, she said.

Dave Delph, UCL's vice-provost (research), put his university's success down to
three factors. "We have damn good people, we have tried to improve strategically
our infrastructure and we have restructured our activities across disciplinary
boundaries. The breadth of UCL research does help and that's probably true of
the other major multi-faculty universities."

John Fisher, deputy vice-chancellor of Leeds University, said: "The University
of Leeds' success reflects our standing and breadth of research excellence in
environmental sciences and earth sciences."

anthea.lipsett@thes.co.uk

PPARC'S TOP 20 GRANT HOLDERS

Institution No of grants Amount (£ million)

UCL 51 25.2

Cambridge 46 22

Imperial 43 20.1

Oxford 40 22.1

Durham 32 19.1

Manchester 29 18.8

Edinburgh 25 7.2

Sheffield 23 5.4

Queen Mary 22 19.3

Glasgow 21 18.3

Leicester 16 13.2

Birmingham 15 11.2

Lancaster 14 4.8

Bristol 13 3

Liverpool 13 9.4

Southampton 13 2.3

Sussex 13 3.7

Leeds 10 2.6

Cardiff 9 7.5

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 11, 2006 Friday



CORRECTION: The following  figures were incorrect in the research grant rates
table for the Arts and  Humanities Research Council in last week's issue
("Golden diamond shines at  raking in research riches"). Edinburgh University
received the most AHRC  grants per application - 20 grants from 46 applications,
followed by Cambridge  University with 20 grants from 47 applications. Middlesex
University received  three grants from nine bids.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 593 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     Point Pleasant Register, West Virginia

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 9, 2012 Saturday

Community Foundation grants available

BYLINE: Point Pleasant Register, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 750 words


June 09--MASON COUNTY -- Our Community's Foundation -- The Parkersburg Area
Community Foundation (PACF) and the Regional Affiliates including the Mason
County Community Foundation (MCCF) is currently accepting applications for
grants for the fall cycle of its Community Action Grant Program.

For the first time, the Foundation's grant application process will be online,
and applications must be submitted through the online process by midnight on
Sept. 1.

Organizations apply to PACF and/or MCCF on the same online application form, the
Foundation's Community Action Grant Application. To access the online
application form, visit the Foundation's web site, www.pacfwv.com, and go to the
Grants section. Under "Applications and Forms" you will find a link to the
online Community Action Grant application.

To be considered for a Community Action Grant, an applicant must be a private,
non-profit organization, tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code, or a public institution. To be eligible for a grant from PACF,
either the applicant or program to be funded must be located in the Foundation's
11-county geographic service area (Wood, Wirt, Doddridge, Ritchie, Pleasants,
Roane, Calhoun, Gilmer, Jackson, and Mason counties in West Virginia, and
Washington County in Ohio). To be eligible for a grant from MCCF, either the
applicant or program to be funded must be located in the Mason County geographic
service area.

The foundation provides support for capital and equipment projects, program
development, and technical assistance, training, and capacity building projects,
and, under special circumstances, operating support. Grants typically range from
$1,000 to $10,000. Operating support grants target organizations that provide
essential community services or offer programs that meet basic human needs and
that seek to increase their financial stability and/or expand their capacity to
provide services. To be eligible for operating support, an organization must be
a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (operating support is not available to
governmental entities, schools, or entities that do not have 501(c)(3) status);
have been in continuous operation for at least five years; have a proven track
record; have an overall sound financial history (at least prior to the present
need); be able to demonstrate strong management; and must have previously
received support from the Foundation.

MCCF has unique educational support opportunities available in the fall grant
cycle. Funds are available to provide mini-grants of up to $1,000 to Mason
County Schools to support teacher-initiated educational projects and programs
that benefit Mason County students. Up to three teachers from each school in
Mason County may apply for mini-grants; the applications must be submitted
through the school. Schools apply for grants for these purposes using the online
Community Action Grant Application form.

Nonprofit organizations serving Mason County residents also have an opportunity
to be considered for grants from the Gordon E. and Mildred R. Jackson Foundation
Advised Fund administered by Our Community's Foundation -Mason County. The
Jackson Foundation Advised Fund provides grants to support projects that benefit
Mason County residents, with a particular interest in educational projects and
programs. Organizations interested in being considered for support from the
Jackson Foundation Advised Fund must submit an application using the
Foundation's Community Action Grant application form; all organizations
submitting requests for projects benefiting Mason County will be considered for
support from the Jackson Foundation Advised Fund, along with other Foundation
funds. Due to resources available from the Jackson Foundation advised fund,
organizations may be able to submit request for grants larger than $10,000 but
must contact the Foundation's program officer, Marian Clowes, to discuss such
requests prior to submission.

The Foundation's grantmaking guidelines provide more specific information on
eligibility and priorities for all types of grants; visit the Foundation's web
site at www.pacfwv.com to access the grant guidelines and the online application
form. For more information on the Community Action Grant Program, contact Marian
Clowes at 304-428-4438 or info@pacfwv.com

___ (c)2012 the Point Pleasant Register (Point Pleasant, W.Va.) Visit the Point
Pleasant Register (Point Pleasant, W.Va.) at www.mydailyregister.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120609-1PP-Community-Foundation-grants-available-0609-20120609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PP


                 Copyright 2012 Point Pleasant Register, W.Va.


                          FOCUS - 594 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                              July 3, 2006 Monday

Greedy first-home owners caught out Grants rip-off First-home grant rorting
costs Tassie millions

BYLINE: SUE NEALES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 759  words


RORTING of the generous First Home Owners Grant has ripped off up to $4.4
million from Tasmanian taxpayers since July 2000.

Already 315 greedy Tasmanians have been forced to pay back grants of up to
$14,000 each, meant to help struggling families and individuals afford their
first home.

Of the 2500 grants handed out each year in Tasmania, about 3 per cent have later
been found to be fraudulent. But another whopping 3000 grants already paid out
remain under suspicion.

So widespread has the deception become, that State Revenue Commissioner Peter
Coe is contacting all grant recipients from the past six years about whom any
suspicion remains that their grant may have been obtained under false pretences.

''It doesn't mean that they are all at risk or illegal, but that we have some
concerns,'' Mr Coe said.

Checks

''We always run checks after the grant has been given.

''The rationale is that these people have been given at least $7000 to buy a
house which they said was going to be their first home, so we think it is
appropriate that we check that they have actually moved in.''

Deliberate rorting of the first-home grant scheme in Tasmania appears to be
getting worse.

While a total 477 individuals have had their application refused or their grants
recalled by the Government since 2000, almost one-third of these problems arose
during the past year.

State Treasurer Michael Aird told a Legislative Council estimates hearing last
week 139 of the 2400 grants handed out in 2005-06 were later picked up as
involving deception.

Mr Aird said that of these offences, 73 applicants had failed to meet the
eligibility criteria while 66 had not met the requirement that they live in the
house purchased with the grant.

Since the scheme began in 2000, starting off with a tax-free grant of $7000, Mr
Coe said 21,000 first-home grants had been paid out in Tasmania.

The biggest rush of applicants was between March 2001 and June 2002, when the
grant jumped to be worth first $14,000 and then $10,000, before settling back at
the current $7000 level.

In the past six years, a total 477 grants supposedly made to Tasmanian
first-home buyers had been rejected as either false or ineligible in the
application stage (35 per cent) or later found to have been given under false
pretences (66 per cent).

Some 315 grants have had to be paid back to the Government, with 44 fraudsters
still making repayments.

Mr Coe said the most common reason for repayment of the grant was when the
recipient was found to be married to a partner who already owned a home in
Tasmania, or when the recipient personally had already once owned part or all of
a previous property.

In other cases, the grant recipient already owned a house interstate or was not
eligible because they lived overseas or were not a permanent resident.

In 40 per cent of all other pay-back cases, recipients had simply used the
taxpayer-provided subsidy to buy a house that they never moved into.

Mr Coe said, in most of these instances, the later cross-matching of government
data -- including tax, power and family assistance records -- showed the house
bought with the grant had been rented out for profit.

So far, one rorter has been prosecuted for giving false and misleading
information to the State Treasury.

Another eight alleged fraudsters are awaiting trial, while three more cases of
apparently deliberate fraud have been referred to the Department of Public
Prosecutions.

Mr Coe said the cases that ended up in court were usually the most severe,
involving charges of false names, forged documents and altered dates on purchase
contracts.

Besides ordering the return of the grant, the court can also impose a fine worth
100 per cent of the original grant.

Mr Coe warned there would be more widespread investigations.

''We are now . . . asking every applicant that has received a grant to prove to
us that they have actually moved into the house they bought with the grant,'' he
said.

HERE ARE THE RULES

TO be eligible for the $7000 non-taxable, non-means-tested First Home Owners
Grant you must:

* Be an Australian citizen or permanent resident who is buying or building his
or her first home in Australia.

* Be at least 18 years of age.

* Not have owned a home before.

* Occupy the home as your principal place of residence for a continuous period
of six months starting within 12 months of the date of purchase or completion of
construction.

* Not have received the grant previously.

* Not have entered into a contract to buy or build a home before July 1, 2000,
or not begun construction as an owner builder before that date.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 595 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Independent Record (Helena, Montana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

ExplorationWorks gets grant for exhibits, cosmetic upgrades

BYLINE: Jeff Windmueller, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 625 words


Oct. 19--The ExplorationWorks building is about to look even better.

The hands-on science museum dedicated to children -- and entertaining adults  --
has landed a nearly $37,000 grant aimed at helping ExplorationWorks improve its
exhibits.

The Helena museum's displays are among 12 Montana tourism facility improvement
projects to land grants from the Montana Department of Commerce. The grant
winners were announced Tuesday.

ExplorationWorks' departing director, Suzanne Wilcox, said the Tourism
Infrastructure Investment Program money, which totals $36,800, will be used to
make the building more appealing on the outside.

"The money goes to some outdoor furnishings but also some outdoor experiential
exhibits," she said.

The plan is to not only bring some of the scientific displays outdoors -- ideas
include a giant thermometer, wind gauge and sundial that would offer information
about earth's movement around the sun -- but to make it more appealing as well.

"Part of what we really need to do is pigeon deterrents, and there's some
dollars from the grants to be used toward that now," Wilcox said.

The improvements will further some of the work already done to the building's
exterior. In November of last year, phase I of the project was complete. That
included adding permanent translucent awnings over the museum entry and deck
areas.

Before the deck can be fully functional, however, it requires fire suppression
sprinklers (along with the pigeon deterrents), which is covered in the new
grant.

ExplorationWorks had applied for the TIIP grant in the past, but was rejected.
The money this year has been matched, however, through other grants like Housing
Urban Development and economic development initiatives. The total cost of the
project is $91,800.

A total of $530,000 was approved from the TIIP for projects also in Big Sky,
Butte, Bynum, Choteau, Glasgow, Great Falls, Huntley Project, Kalispell,
Missoula and Red Lodge.

TIIP grant funds are provided by the Montana Lodging Facility Use Tax, which is
assessed on the lodging price of all accommodations across Montana, including
campgrounds. The grants are awarded through a competitive process and require a
$1 match for every $2 provided by grant funds.

Since 1995, the grants have provided $4.174 million to 94 projects in 47 Montana
communities. These TIIP-assisted projects represent $45 million in Montana
tourism facility improvements financed with public and private funds.

The other 2011 TIIP Grant Award Recipients are:

1.Pine Butte Guest Ranch, Choteau. TIIP Grant: $75,000. Total Project Cost:
$300,000

2. World Museum of Mining, Butte. TIIP Grant: $44,500. Total Project Cost:
$74,500

3. Huntley Project Museum. TIIP Grant: $22,333. Total Project Cost: $33,500

4. Ursuline Centre Historic Foundation of Great Falls. TIIP Grant: $75,000.
Total Project Cost: $410,094

5. Northwest Montana Historical Society (Museum at Central School in Kalispell).
TIIP Grant: $32,289. Total Project Cost: $48,434

6. HiLine Youth Hockey Center, Glasgow. TIIP Grant: $46,378. Total Project Cost:
$83,292

7. Carbon County Historical Society & Museum, Red Lodge. TIIP Grant: $20,100.
Total Project Cost: $30,250

8. Missoula Downtown Association (Caras Park Pavilion event area). TIIP Grant:
$50,000. Total Project Cost: $500,000

9. Children's Museum of Northeast Montana, Glasgow. TIIP Grant: $27,600. Total
Project Cost: $66,100

10. Two Medicine Dinosaur Center, Bynum. TIIP Grant: $50,000. Total Project
Cost: $110,000

11. Big Sky Community Corporation (Big Sky Community Park event and activity
area). TIIP Grant: $50,000. Total Project Cost: $1.352 million.

___ (c)2011 the Independent Record (Helena, Mont.) Visit the Independent Record
(Helena, Mont.) at www.helenair.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111019-HE-ExplorationWorks-gets-grant
-for-exhibits-cosmetic-upgrades-20111019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HE


                       Copyright 2011 Independent Record


                          FOCUS - 596 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

Grant funding increases

BYLINE: Rorye O'Connor, Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Dec. 16--MT. VERNON -- Though grant funding at District 80 has increased overall
this year, many grants have decreased or stopped altogether since three years
ago, said Assistant Superintendent Tyler Brown.

In Fiscal Year 2012, total grants are estimated to be $4.8 million, compared to
$3.7 million in FY 2011 and $5.1 million in FY 2010, according to the 2011-2012
Grant Report presented by Brown.

District 80 benefits from three types of grants, information states. The first
is entitlement grants, which are received automatically provided appropriate
applications, the Grant Report states.

"These are for specific purposes designated by the state or federal government
and have specific guidelines that must be followed," information states.

The second type is competitive grants, for which District 80 competes against
other schools and agencies to be selected for funding, information states; the
third category is collaborative grants, which are usually awarded to another
agency but District 80 "takes an active part with these agencies in planning,
writing, implementing and evaluating" the grants.

District 80 was the recipient of nine entitlement grants in the last three
years. The district received a total of $1.8 million in FY 2010; $956,300 in FY
2011; and will receive $870,832 in FY 2012.

Four of those entitlement grants were eliminated within that three-year period,
according to the grant report, which were:  Title II-D, used for technology
service and subscriptions; Title IV, used for salary and benefits for a
drug-free counselor, Red Ribbon Week services and supplies and expenses for
private schools; IDEA ARRA, used for assessments, technology, agenda and policy
books, Rend Lake College Co-op and Americorp workers and insurance for Special
Education; and the Reading Improvement grant, used for partial salaries and
benefits for one teacher and instructional supplies and materials.

The district received funds from 12 competitive grants in the last three years,
and funds increased from $2.8 million in FY 2010 to almost $3.8 million in FY
2012.

Half of the district's competitive grants were eliminated between 2010 and 2012.

Those grants were:  The State Pre-Kindergarten Collaboration Grant, eliminated
in FY 2011 and awarded at $275,400, which was used for pre-K programs at three
schools, salary and benefits for teachers and aides, supplies, professional
development and transportation; The School Improvement Grant, awarded at
$356,000 and eliminated in FY 2010; the Learn/Serve America Planning Grant,
which was awarded at $5,000 in FY 2010 and $15,000 in FY 2011; the Social and
Emotional Grant, which was awarded at $10,500 in FY 2010 and eliminated after
that; and the Homeless Grant, which was awarded at about $17,000 in AARA funds
in FY 2010 and eliminated after that.

Brown said on Wednesday that District 80 participates in collaborative grants
with the Southtown Youth Center, Americorps, the Foster Grandparents Program and
others.

Brown acknowledged that the district has lost a lot of grant funding, but said
if the district's building project comes through, the total for FY 2012 will be
$9.8 million.

"I'm pleased with how the proposal came together," he said. "... We wrote a lot
of new pieces, and I think it will read fairly well."

___ (c)2011 the Mt. Vernon Register-News (Mount Vernon, Ill.) Visit the Mt.
Vernon Register-News (Mount Vernon, Ill.) at register-news.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111216-VR-Grant-funding-increases-1216-20111216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                    Copyright 2011 Mt. Vernon Register-News


                          FOCUS - 597 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday

Taking it for granted

BYLINE: Josh Newton, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 795 words


Oct. 22--Billie Jordan doesn't just talk about more funding for public
education. She works to make it a reality.

Jordan, assistant superintendent of grants and federal programs at Tahlequah
Public Schools, has helped secure more than $21 million for the local school
district in just 10 years.

"It's tedious work," said Jordan. "And it's not fun."

But it is important, she said. She's seen school districts that don't have a
grant writer, and they often suffer because of it. Especially these days.

"You feel bad for the ones that don't have a grant writer," said Jordan.

In an online poll on the Daily Press Web site, most locals -- more than 35
percent -- say the state Legislature should rethink its own priorities and
funnel more money into TPS and other schools. About 33 percent say they believe
TPS "has plenty of funding available," and administrators just aren't allocating
it the correct way. The majority of other voters say they don't know enough
about the TPS finances to offer an opinion. But many folks do understand that
funding from grants and other sources are invaluable.

This year alone, TPS has been awarded three new grants. Add the other grants
already in place, and total grant funding is more than $2 million, which
includes a student drug-testing grant for $150,000.

"We're testing about 40 students per week," said Jordan. "And that includes
counseling."

In about 10 years, she's landed funds for the district that have provided a
curriculum director, preventionists, student resource officers and vehicles,
after-school technology, nurses, mentoring programs and much, much more.

"There are six counselors at the high school," said Jordan. "All but one are
paid because of grants."

TPS also has two formula grants: one Indian education grant for $350,000 through
2009, which provides cultural programs and more; and one Johnson-O'Malley grant
lasting through 2012 that provides $68,000 per year.

"Most grants are a narrative of 30 to 45 pages," said Jordan. "The average grant
is, start to finish, about a three-week process."

Hours of research go into most grants for which Jordan applies. Many have
stipulations that must be in place either before or after the grant is awarded,
which means Jordan must make sure the school can meet the requirements.

"We need to know what we can afford before I start writing," said Jordan.

She admits she often doesn't see potential in TPS landing certain grants -- like
those limited to 25 schools in the nation -- but often finds the school gets the
grant, anyway. And when the system is awarded the grant, "I get so excited!"

Approximately 30 employees at TPS are paid for in part or in full by grants
Jordan has secured. In the overall picture, that number increases when
considering the Boys & Girls Club of Tahlequah.

"We have a $1.3 million budget. Our fundraisers bring in $10,000," said
Tahlequah B&GC Chief Professional Officer Janice Randall. "Grants are everything
to us. We couldn't exist without them. And Mrs. Jordan does this for free -- she
volunteers. If we had to pay a grant writer, we wouldn't exist."

Jordan's grants pay for three full-time employees at B&GC of Tahlequah, and 346
part-time employees throughout the year. Most money goes to supervision of
children who participate in the before- and after-school programs and summer
programs. And 11 schools, including some county schools, participate.

Grants help provide bus service home from after-school programs, which means the
local club's attendance is an astounding 30 percent of the state's daily average
attendance in B&GC programs. It's a service many schools can't offer.

"We've had a lot of success," said Randall. "Children can stay after school, get
help with their homework, and when they get home, they can have good family time
together, and not have to worry about homework. We are very fortunate to have
Mrs. Jordan writing those kinds of grants."

Randall thinks many local residents may not understand how far-reaching Jordan's
work is. "But this is not really a common thing," she said. "Hopefully this
saves parents money."

Jordan admits she has to be careful not to load the school down with too many
grants, but it's a good problem to have.

"We need to show that we have a need for it; this is how we would fit the need;
and this is how we will evaluate the outcome [of the grant]," said Jordan.

To see more of the Tahlequah Daily Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tahlequahdailypress.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Tahlequah Daily Press,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081022-TD-Taking-it-for-granted-1022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 598 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             June 9, 2004 Wednesday

CLINGING TO CLAIMS

BYLINE: BEN NEARY, Photos by Kathy De La Torre

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 712 words


FEDERAL ATTENTION TO LAND GRANTS GIVES HEIRS NEW HOPE THAT CONGRESS WILL RETURN
THEIR LOST COMMUNAL LANDS

ESPAÑOLA -- Reacting to a recent federal report, some New Mexico land-grant
activists are calling on Congress to take immediate steps to return lost
communal lands.

Joe Cordova, 70, of Rio Arriba County, said Tuesday he's been fighting to
restore the Cañon de Chama Grant for countless years. The recent federal
attention to the land-grant issue gives him new hope.

"You see the beauty of our dreams is starting to take place," Cordova said.

Of more than 472,000 acres claimed by the Cañon de Chama Grant owners in the
1800s, the U.S. government ultimately confirmed less than 1,500 -- just a thin
strip along the Chama River.

The U.S. General Accounting Office last week released a report concluding the
federal government had afforded land-grant claimants constitutional due process
in processing their claims in the 19th century.

The U.S. government had pledged in 1848 to respect land grants created earlier
by Spain and Mexico when the United States won New Mexico and the rest of the
Southwest from Mexico in the Mexican War.

Of more than 9 million acres of New Mexico claims presented to the U.S.
government, the report states, nearly 6 million were ultimately confirmed. Land-
grant heirs in the state have long demanded the federal government return lands
that were denied them or later fell into federal hands.

While the GAO found the process of reviewing the grantees' claims for millions
of acres in New Mexico was legal, it also found it was inefficient and caused
hardship to the people.

The report found no legal requirement that the federal government take action to
address the long-simmering land-grant issue in the state. But it also concluded
Congress might consider options ranging from issuing an apology to land-grant
heirs through approving transfer of land or cash to them.

The report also focuses on a number of grants that fell victim to a U.S. Supreme
Court ruling in 1897, in a case called The United States v. Sandoval.

In that controversial ruling, the high court held that the common lands of
several land grants had been owned by Mexico -- not the land-grant members.

Accordingly, the court ruled the common lands were the property of the United
States, not of the land grants.

The Sandoval case resulted in the denial of claims for more than 1 million acres
of land in grants in Northern New Mexico.

Land-grant heirs, scholars and legal experts say the Sandoval case reflects an
inaccurate interpretation of Mexican and Spanish law, the report states.

However, the report notes that Congress had limited the Supreme Court's ability
to address the issue of whether land-grant members had the right to use the
common lands. Accordingly, the court left it up to Congress whether to deal with
the issue of such "'equitable rights."

And to date, Congress has not done so.

On Tuesday, a coalition of land grants affected by the Sandoval decision called
a press conference at the Rio Arriba County offices in Española to announce
they're calling on the state's congressional delegation to take action to
address the situation.

In a letter to the delegation, the coalition stated that Congress should create
a commission to look at land grants in the state and consider transferring
federal land to communities harmed by the Sandoval case.

''We've got to press Congress and tell them we want our lands back now, not 100
years from now, "said Floyd Valdez of the Petaca Land Grant in Rio Arriba
County.

"The U.S. government, through the U.S. v. Sandoval, has held the thumb of
poverty over us," said John Chavez, president of the Santa Cruz Land Grant.

Communities in grants that were stripped of their common lands now face
difficulties in finding home sites and commonly see people building on
traditional farmlands, Chavez said.

Chavez called on Congress to act "and reclaim our economy for these suffering
people here."

A representative of Rep. Tom Udall, D-N.M., attended Tuesday's meeting and said
the congressman is pressing the GAO to hold a hearing in New Mexico this summer.

Representatives of Sens. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., and Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., said
recently that the senators need time to analyze the 200-page GAO report before
deciding how to proceed.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Land-grant heirs, representatives and activists wait outside the Rio
Arriba County Commission chambers on Tuesday afternoon to attend a press
conference with representatives from New Mexico's congressional delegation. From
left are Eliu Martinez, Frank 'Skitt' Trujillo, Jerry Fuentes, Jaime Chavez,
Daniel Schreck and John Maestas.
2. John Chavez, president of the Santa Cruz de la Cañada Land Grant, speaks
during the press conference.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                          FOCUS - 599 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 20, 2014 Monday

Business Sense: Writing grants makes woman 'feel good'

BYLINE: Casey Murphy, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 861 words


Jan. 20--Jo McMahan believes winning a grant is like winning the lottery.

After nearly 30 years of writing grants for organizations in Tyler, Mrs. McMahan
has started a business based on her craft.

Mrs. McMahan, 60, of Whitehouse, has been writing grants for people as a side
business off and on for a long time, writing hundreds of grants throughout the
years. In November, she jumped into it full-time through JoMcMahan.com, a
complete grant consulting service for nonprofit organizations. She has worked
for small and large nonprofits, as well as health care and volunteer
organizations, she said.

Foundations, the government, corporations and other organizations choose to give
money to nonprofits to further their missions. Nonprofits and other
organizations needing funding must go through an application process for the
money and grant writing is essentially writing a proposal to be awarded the
funding. Mrs. McMahan's job is to match up the nonprofits with those
organizations wanting to give money and write a proposal to win it.

Mrs. McMahan focuses on grants for organizations serving human needs, education,
health care, children, youth and women.

She said she likes being able to help a nonprofit identify what their needs are
and help them get funding for new programs and other new things that might not
be in the budget.

"It's kind of like winning the lottery," she said, adding that it's a rush when
she learns she has helped someone win grant money for their organization.

"Somewhere out there, I'm helping individual people by helping nonprofits," she
said. "It makes me feel good."

Mrs. McMahan also helps new nonprofits who might not be grant ready think of
ways to build up their services to become grant worthy.

"There are so many nonprofits in our community that are doing great things, but
with today's budget constraints, they can't afford to employ a grant writer in a
full-time position," she said. "I want to help nonprofits grow their
organization and find funding for their programs. By offering my services on a
contract basis, I think more nonprofits can afford a grant writer to help them
look for funding."

Grant writing is nothing new for Mrs. McMahan.

She grew up in Tyler, attended Tyler Junior College and East Texas Commerce, now
Texas A&M University at Commerce. She earned her master's degree in education
from The University of Texas at Tyler.

Mrs. McMahan taught special education elementary students for six years before
working in special education support to help teachers find resources for their
classes. She then became grant coordinator, and worked for Tyler Independent
School District for a combined 28 years.

When she first started writing grants for TISD in 1985, she had no idea what she
was doing so she attended workshops and learned on the job. She soon realized it
was something she really liked to do, she said.

For three years, she worked for The University of Texas Health Science Center at
Tyler, writing its grants and assisting with funding. She retired in 2006, but
after six months, decided it was no fun, she said.

Mrs. McMahan worked for the local United Way's Nonprofit Development Center,
first writing grants part-time then serving as director for several years. In
July, she left to start her own business and devote more time to writing grants.

"If I want to do this, I've got to jump in with both feet," she realized of
starting a business.

Her goal is to be able to write the grants from wherever she is, without being
tied to a desk. With today's technology, she can work on grants while on
vacation, which will let her live the life she wants to live and allow her to
keep working, she said.

When she started writing grants decades ago, she said the federal register, a
print catalogue mailed out every day, showed what federal grants were available.
She said she could build a home with all the federal registries she received
over the years.

Now, searching for federal or other grant sources can all be done online, are
updated daily, can be accessed from anywhere and allow a much quicker process.

Mrs. McMahan said because she had worked for nonprofits for so long, she had to
make a shift to thinking as a business owner. Counselors from the Small Business
Development Center's SCORE (Service Corps of Retired Executives), helped her
with her pricing structure and other things she needed to run a business, she
said.

Mrs. McMahan will be teaching grant writing classes at Tyler Junior College.

She and her husband of 37 years, Larry, have one daughter. McMahan is a retired
school teacher who works part-time for Meals On Wheels. Mrs. McMahan said they
live on Lake Tyler and she enjoys sitting at her boathouse, looking out over the
lake, as well as traveling and reading.

For more, contact Mrs. McMahan at 903-530-5925 or email Jo@JoMcMahan.com

If you know of a professional woman or business service in the Tyler area you
think should be highlighted in this column, contact Business Editor Casey Murphy
atcmurphy@tylerpaper.com or 903-596-6289.

___ (c)2014 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140120-TY-Business-Sense-Writing-grants
-makes-woman-feel-good-0120-20140120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2014 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                          FOCUS - 600 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Scottish Clan Profile: Grant

BYLINE: Sean Murphy

LENGTH: 792  words


THE name Grant is thought to have originated with the Norman invasion force,
though this has been disputed with claims the origins of the clan is indeed
Norse.

The origins of the name meaning itself is also disputed with suggestions that
include a derivative of the French word grande, and the more popular belief that
it came from Sliabh Grianais - the moor above Aviemore- which was held, also by
tradition, to be the first land in Scotland occupied by the Grant progenitors.

Indeed it is even assumed the pronunciation of the name is wrong and that
today's more popular pronunciation Grant, would have originally been pronounced
more like ground but ending with a T instead of a D.

Whatever the provenance of the name it cannot be disputed that the family has
been an influential one.

The first of the Grants recorded in Scotland was in the 13th century when they
acquired the lands of Stratherrick, the first of the named chiefs being Lawrence
le Grand.

Wars of Scottish Independence

During Wallace's rebellion, clan Grant added their banner to those who followed
Wallace and fought for him in several battles, John and Randolph Grant were both
captured by English forces at the battle of Dunbar in 1293.

The family then picked the right side in the subsequent wars of succession, by
supporting clan Bruce in their push for the crown. When Robert the Bruce was
finally named king after a long struggle, the Grants were rewarded with lands in
Strathspey which then became their base and remain so to this day.

16th Century

By the 16th century the clan's growth in influence had risen massively and they
found themselves now very much at the forefront of national politics, their main
allies being the clan Gordon and the powerful earl of Huntly.

Though by 1580 this alliance soured as the now predominately protestant Grants
began to argue with the Catholic Gordon's over religion.

There followed several clashes including the most famous, which resulted in a
defeat for the Grants by the Gordons and their allies at the battle of
Ballindalloch.

Civil War and the Jacobite uprisings

During the civil war in the 17th century Scotland was torn between the Scottish
Royalists - supporters of Charles I under the command of James Graham 1st Maquis
of Montrose - and the Covenanters who had controlled Scotland since 1639 and who
were allied with the English Government under Cromwell.

During this time the Grants, who were staunch supporters of the Covenanters, led
by David Grant fought the Royalists at the battle of Tippermuir in 1644.

This was followed by a battle with Clan Cameron over a territory squabble before
the Grants switched sides to fight alongside King Charles at the battle of
Worcester against the predominantly English forces in which the Royalists were
soundly defeated. The Grants however remained in favour of the British
Government, with six hundred of them joining Colonel Livingstone to fight under
the banner of William of Orange against the Jacobite uprising.

They continued this support during the subsequent uprisings, though many of the
clan still fought for the Jacobites.

In 1725 the Grants were part of the force formed from several clans which went
on to become the 42nd Highlanders, famously known as the Blackwatch.

Though several branches of the clan did decide to fight on the side of the
Jacobites with several hundred fighting against the Hanoverians at Culloden.

Highland Clearances

The clan survived the worst ravages of the highland clearances due to the
prestigious efforts of clan Chief Sir James Grant, who built an entire town for
his clan to ensure their survival. Grantown-on-Spey, which was built to provide
all they needed including schools, mills, a hospital and even an orphanage.

Whisky

The clan is perhaps most famous through its contribution to the whisky world.
William Grant a descendant of the clan, built the now famous Glenfiddich
distillery by hand with the help of his seven sons. The distillery began
production on Christmas day 1887, this in turn led to the creation of a second
distillery Balvennie and now Glenfiddich is exported to 180 countries around the
world.

Clan Motto:- Stand Fast (Craig Elachie), this was the supposed battle cry that
called the Grants to arms alongside the burning summit at the top of Craig
Elachie, the high hill in Strathspey.

Castles:-  Castle Grant, seat of the Clan chief, Ballindalloch Castle.

Notable Clan members:- Sir James Grant, the builder of Grantown-on-Spey,
Lawrence Le Grande, William Grant (founder of William Grant & Sons)

Titles:- Baron of Strathspey.

Current clan chief:- The current Chief of Clan Grant is the Rt. Hon The Lord
Strathspey, Sir James Patrick Trevor Grant of Grant, Bt, 6th Baron Strathspey,
33rd hereditary Clan chief of Clan Grant.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 601 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Washington: Lessons Learned and Implications for Congressional Oversight

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

Consolidations from fiscal years 1990 through 2012. There is no authoritative,
accurate tally of enacted grant program consolidations. In addition, there is no
commonly accepted definition of what constitutes a grant program consolidation.
From a variety of sources, GAO identified 15 grant program consolidations during
this period. Most of these consolidations either combined a number of grant
programs used for specific activities (such as Shelter Plus Care), known as
categorical grants, into a broader categorical grant, such as the Continuum of
Care (CoC) program or established a Performance Partnership, which offers
additional flexibility in using funds across multiple programs but maintains
accountability for meeting certain performance measures. Block grant approaches
to consolidation prior to 1990 combined programs for broad purposes, such as
work assistance. The more recent approaches, referred to as hybrid, often
combine categorical grant programs and emphasize strong performance standards
and accountability. Hybrid approaches can improve the efficiency of grant
administration and may reduce fragmentation, overlap, and duplication.

State and local government actions. State and local officials in the three case
study consolidations GAO selected for review relied on existing grant management
structures and established relationships to facilitate implementation of the
grant program consolidations. In the Transportation Alternatives (TA) program
the impact of the consolidation was delayed by states and local officials'
reliance on carryover funds from predecessor grant programs while these funds
were still available. Officials reported both benefits and challenges ranging
from administrative flexibility such as lack of central oversight by states,
lack of or inaccurate performance data, and conflicting reporting requirements.

Lessons to consider. The key to any grant program consolidation initiative is
identifying and agreeing on goals--such as improved grant administration and
changed programmatic outcomes--and to design and plan for successful
implementation, according to findings from the case studies and prior GAO
reports. Grant consolidations offer the opportunity to improve grant
administration by expanding the opportunities of narrowly targeted grants and by
reducing fragmentation, overlap, and duplication. Consolidation initiatives that
answer key questions can provide a data-driven consolidation rationale and show
stakeholders that a range of alternatives has been considered. These evaluations
should include responses to key questions such as the following: What are the
goals of the consolidation? What opportunities will be addressed through the
consolidation and what problems will be solved?

GAO's prior work found that few executive branch agencies regularly conduct
in-depth program evaluations to assess their programs' impact. The Office of
Management and Budget (OMB), as the focal point for overall management in the
executive branch, plays a key role in improving the performance of federal grant
programs and has developed or contributed many tools to encourage improvements
to federal grants and program performance. Agencies, the Congress--as well as
grantees--can benefit from guidance, which currently does not exist, to assist
with identifying consolidation opportunities, particularly those requiring
statutory changes, and developing consolidation proposals.
Why GAO Did This Study

GAO has previously reported that consolidations may help increase the
effectiveness and efficiency of government programs.

GAO was asked to review grant program consolidations in regard to reducing
overlap and duplication. This report: (1) describes approaches taken to grant
programs that have been consolidated from fiscal year 1990 through 2012, (2)
examines federal, state and local actions taken to administer the programs, and
(3) analyzes lessons learned for future consideration of grant program
consolidations.

GAO reviewed literature on grant program consolidations. For this review GAO
selected three case study grant program consolidations, the TA and CoC programs,
and the National Environmental Performance Partnership System. GAO conducted
interviews with state and local officials in Colorado, Delaware, Florida, and
Massachusetts. GAO selected these states and localities based on several
selection criteria, such as state participation and funding. The selected
locations and grant program consolidations are not generalizable, but they
provided important insights about grant consolidations.
What GAO Recommends

GAO recommends OMB develop guidance on identifying grant program consolidation
opportunities and the analysis to improve their outcomes. GAO incorporated
technical comments from the Environmental Protection Agency, Departments of
Housing and Urban Development and Transportation, and OMB.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 602 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Grants to help you afford further or higher education

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 606 words


COLLEGE CHOICE:THE CLOSING date for grant applications this year is August 31st.
However, the awarding bodies have discretion to accept late applications, writes
BRIAN MOONEY

The application forms and guidance notes for a student grant can be downloaded
from www. studentfinance.ie and the details of the schemes can be accessed on
this site.

Depending on the course you are pursuing, you may be eligible for a grant under
one of the following schemes:

* the higher education grants scheme, which generally applies to university
degree courses;

* third-level maintenance grants scheme for trainees, which applies to level 6
or level 7 courses in the institutes of technology;

the vocational education committee scholarship scheme, which generally applies
to level 8 courses, where students have already pursued a level 7 course. It
also applies to certain courses in Northern Ireland, and the maintenance grants
scheme for students attending post- Leaving Certificate (PLC) courses.

The local authorities administer the higher education grants scheme.

The other three schemes are administered by the vocational education committees.

Grant applications should be made to these bodies as appropriate. To be eligible
for a student grant, you must meet the essential condition relating to means.

There are, of course, other conditions, including those relating to age,
residence, nationality and previous academic attainment.

When you apply for a grant, the income that is assessed must be at or below a
specified amount (the  reckonable income  limit).

For the 2009-2010 academic year, the reckonable income limit is based on gross
income for the tax-year 2008.

There are different thresholds depending on the size of the family.

The income thresholds for the maintenance grant ranges from EUR 22,308 for the
special rate of maintenance grant to EUR 61,295 for a partial fee grant.

Where two or more children will be in college at the same time in 2009-2010, the
reckonable income limit may be increased by an additional amount as specified in
the scheme. To be eligible for the higher special rate of maintenance, the
reckonable income limit must include one of the social welfare payments listed
in the scheme.

In the current economic climate, it is particularly important to be aware of the
change of circumstances  provision in the student grant schemes.

The means test for a grant application is normally based on your family s income
in the last full financial year which, for the current year, is 2008.

However, if you or your family have had a change of circumstances relating to
income which is likely to be permanent, then your eligibility for the grant may
be assessed to reflect those permanent changed circumstances.

Where you qualify for any part of a grant, the full student service charge is
paid, which for 2009 can be up to EUR 1,500.

Grants are paid at either of two rates: the non-adjacent rate, where the grant
holder s normal residence is more than 24km from the college, and the adjacent
rate, where the grant holder s normal residence is 24km or less from the college
attended.

In 2009, the highest non-adjacent standard rate of grant is EUR 3,420. The
highest adjacent rate of grant is EUR 1,370. Lower rates of grant are payable,
depending on the reckonable income.

Grant holders who satisfy certain conditions may qualify for the special rate of
grant. The non-adjacent standard rate plus the special rate amount which for
2009 is EUR 6,690. The adjacent standard rate plus the special rate amount for
2009 is EUR 2,680.

There are a number of other financial supports available.

Details of these are also available at www.studentfinance.ie

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 603 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Grants to help you afford further or higher education

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 601 words


THE CLOSING date for grant applications this year is August 31st. However, the
awarding bodies have discretion to accept late applications.

The application forms and guidance notes for a student grant can be downloaded
from www. studentfinance.ie and the details of the schemes can be accessed on
this site.

Depending on the course you are pursuing, you may be eligible for a grant under
one of the following schemes:

* the higher education grants scheme, which generally applies to university
degree courses;

* third-level maintenance grants scheme for trainees, which applies to level 6
or level 7 courses in the institutes of technology;

the vocational education committee scholarship scheme, which generally applies
to level 8 courses, where students have already pursued a level 7 course. It
also applies to certain courses in Northern Ireland, and the maintenance grants
scheme for students attending post- Leaving Certificate (PLC) courses.

The local authorities administer the higher education grants scheme.

The other three schemes are administered by the vocational education committees.

Grant applications should be made to these bodies as appropriate. To be eligible
for a student grant, you must meet the essential condition relating to means.

There are, of course, other conditions, including those relating to age,
residence, nationality and previous academic attainment.

When you apply for a grant, the income that is assessed must be at or below a
specified amount (the  reckonable income  limit).

For the 2009-2010 academic year, the reckonable income limit is based on gross
income for the tax-year 2008.

There are different thresholds depending on the size of the family.

The income thresholds for the maintenance grant ranges from EUR 22,308 for the
special rate of maintenance grant to EUR 61,295 for a partial fee grant.

Where two or more children will be in college at the same time in 2009-2010, the
reckonable income limit may be increased by an additional amount as specified in
the scheme. To be eligible for the higher special rate of maintenance, the
reckonable income limit must include one of the social welfare payments listed
in the scheme.

In the current economic climate, it is particularly important to be aware of the
change of circumstances  provision in the student grant schemes.

The means test for a grant application is normally based on your family s income
in the last full financial year which, for the current year, is 2008.

However, if you or your family have had a change of circumstances relating to
income which is likely to be permanent, then your eligibility for the grant may
be assessed to reflect those permanent changed circumstances.

Where you qualify for any part of a grant, the full student service charge is
paid, which for 2009 can be up to EUR 1,500.

Grants are paid at either of two rates: the non-adjacent rate, where the grant
holder s normal residence is more than 24km from the college, and the adjacent
rate, where the grant holder s normal residence is 24km or less from the college
attended.

In 2009, the highest non-adjacent standard rate of grant is EUR 3,420. The
highest adjacent rate of grant is EUR 1,370. Lower rates of grant are payable,
depending on the reckonable income.

Grant holders who satisfy certain conditions may qualify for the special rate of
grant. The non-adjacent standard rate plus the special rate amount which for
2009 is EUR 6,690. The adjacent standard rate plus the special rate amount for
2009 is EUR 2,680.

There are a number of other financial supports available.

Details of these are also available at www.studentfinance.ie

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 604 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 August 3, 2003

All you need to know about child grants

SECTION: Social Issues; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 680 words


All you need to know about child grants

SOCIAL assistance for children is provided in the form of three types of grants.
A child grant is a certain amount of money given to a deserving child each
month.

The three types of grants are:

- A Child Support Grant (R160 a month) for eligible children under nine whose
parents or caregivers cannot afford to feed and clothe them;

- A Care Dependency Grant (R700 a month) for disabled children up to the age of
18; and

- A Foster Child Grant (R500 a month) for people looking after children who are
not their own.

WHAT YOU NEED TO APPLY

Child Support Grant

- Must be a South African citizen and resident in South Africa;

- Applicant must be the primary caregiver of the child/children concerned;

- Child/children must be under the age of nine;

- Must meet the requirements of the means test;

- The caregiver's 13-digit bar-coded identity document; and

- The child's birth certificate.

Care Dependency Grant

- Must be a South African citizen except for foster parents;

- Must be resident in South Africa;

- Age of child from 1 to 18 years;

- A medical assessment report confirming disability;

- Must meet the requirements of the means test;

- The care-dependant child/children must not be permanently cared for in a
stateinstitution;

- The applicant's 13-digit bar-coded identity document; and

- The child's 13-digit bar-coded ID.

Foster Child Grant

- A court order indicating foster-care status;

- A 13-digit bar-coded ID document or birth certificate for each child; and

- Must meet the requirements of the means test in respect of the child's income.

WHAT IS A MEANS TEST?

The most important factor when a person applies for a social grant is his/her
financial position. The reason for this is that all social grants are granted
only if the applicant's financial resources do not exceed a certain level. In
determining whether an applicant qualifies for a grant, and if so, to what
amount he or she would be entitled, the income and assets of the applicant are
assessed.

WHERE AND HOW YOU APPLY

- You apply at the Welfare Office nearest to where you live.

- If you are too old or sick to travel to the office to apply for a grant, then
a family member or friend can apply on your behalf.

- Your application form MUST be completed in the presence of an officer.

- When your application is completed, you will be given a receipt. Keep this
receipt - it is your only proof of application.

- You do not have to pay to apply.

- If your application is not approved, you must be informed in writing as to
whyyour application was unsuccessful. You have the right to appeal to the MEC
for Social Services in your province in writing, stating your reasons for
disagreeing with the decision.

This appeal must be lodged within 90 days of notification of the outcome of
yourapplication.

DATE OF APPROVAL

- If your grant is approved, you will be paid from the day you applied.

METHODS OF PAYMENT

You can receive/collect your child's grant by any of the following methods:

- Cash payments;

- In your bank account; or

- In your Post Office account.

SUSPENSION OF GRANTS

The following may result in the suspension of a grant:

- Changes in circumstances;

- Outcome of a review; and

- Failure to co-operate when a grant is reviewed.

GRANT RESTORATION

An application must be made for restoration of a grant within 90 days of the
suspension.

MAIN REASONS FOR LAPSES

- Death;

- Admission to a State institution;

- If the grant is not claimed for three consecutive months; or

- When the period of temporary disability has lapsed.

REVIEWS

You must declare any income when applying. The department will then decide if
your grant needs to be reviewed annually. You will be given three months'
noticeif you have to attend a review or submit a life certificate.

- Contact a provincial Social Services department (see above right) for details
on how to apply for a food parcel.


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2003 Times Media Limited


                          FOCUS - 605 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Green Bay Packers: Ryan Grant is all business

BYLINE: By Tyler Dunne Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking

LENGTH: 690 words


GREEN BAY, Wis. -- The way Ryan Grant sees it, he shouldn't be too bitter.
Sometimes, players aren't welcomed back to the Green Bay Packers. Sometimes,
things get messy.

Remember?

"I believe there was somebody else that didn't come back that tried to come
back, another guy on this team," Grant said. "It's part of the game."

So Grant says he was never vindictive. The veteran insists he was confident this
day would come. And now that it's here, Grant is hoping to prove he isn't the
stereotypical aging, fading, damaged-goods 30-year-old running back. After
losing three running backs to serious injuries, the Packers finally reached out
to Grant this week. James Starks is out multiple weeks with a knee injury.

Grant didn't speak to reporters from a locker on Wednesday, Dec. 5. Because,
well, he doesn't have one in the main locker room yet. For now, he's in the back
room where the practice-squad players roam.

Of course there's something to prove.

"Any football player who hasn't played football," Grant said, "the minute they
get a chance to play football, they have a little chip on their shoulder. Talk
to anybody in this position and that's how they'll play. This is a competitive
sport.

"I don't really like watching football from a spectator's stance."

On Sunday night -- the day he turns 30 -- Grant won't be a spectator. Coach Mike
McCarthy said he does expect Grant to be ready for the Packers' game against the
Detroit Lions. He won't be carrying a full workload anytime soon. But he won't
be a Christmas ornament, either.

That much was clear when Grant walked into the Packers' gym walkthrough
Wednesday morning and the team gave him a standing ovation. Grant shrugged the
ovation off as "a joke," whereas quarterback Aaron Rodgers assured it was
"legit."

It just took a while to return. Grant spent a month with the Washington
Redskins, receiving a grand total of one carry. And he also had workouts with
the Detroit Lions, Chicago Bears and New York Giants. Nothing stuck. When asked
if it was humbling not to get any offers, Grant cut in and said, "nobody said I
didn't come out with an offer."

Still, he was without a team, a job from Oct. 23 to Dec. 4.

"It would be humbling if I thought it couldn't happen to me, but I've never
thought of it from that place," Grant said. "This is the nature of what I do.
It's performance-based. I think we have one of the highest turnover rates in the
country as far as business-wise. So guys are in, guys are out."

Guys usually are "out" at running back when they reach 30, 31, 32 years old.

Grant admits there's some "good reason" for trepidation from general managers,
yet believes he can buck the trend. Grant has historically kept himself in great
shape and -- as he pointed out Wednesday -- he took a different path here.
Undrafted out of Notre Dame in 2005, Grant didn't carry the ball once his first
two seasons. In 2010, he suffered a season-ending ankle injury in the opener.

There's 925 carries of tread on Grant's tires. By comparison, the 29-year-old
Benson has carried the ball 1,600 times.

After the Redskins released him, Grant continued to work out, play chess, read
books such as Malcolm Gladwell's "Outliers," and work out some more. At no point
did Grant believe his career was over.

"I didn't think I was going to be out of football that long," Grant said.
"That's just how it goes. You just prepare yourself with what you can do."

Expectations should be tempered. Grant hasn't been played extensively in a very
long time. He's merging into rush-hour traffic. Second-year back Alex Green is
expected to shoulder the majority of the carries.

Still, with more than 4,000 yards and 25 touchdowns, Grant has the pedigree and
credibility.

"He's been a part of a lot of big victories," Rodgers said. "He's as tough as
they come, he runs as hard as anybody, especially in the winter months and he's
made some big plays for us over the years."

In 2010, Grant missed a Super Bowl run. For 2012, he's here. Whatever. Grant
isn't buying the fairy-tale irony.

For him, it's about right now.

"I didn't come here for a feel-good story," Grant said. "I came back here to
help this team and contribute."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers (12) reacts as running back Ryan
Grant (25) breaks away from Seattle cornerback Marcus Trufant (23) for a 56-yard
touchdown during the first half of a 2009 game in Green Bay, Wis. (AP Photo/Mike
Roemer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 606 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

BYLINE: KARL GERNETZKY with Bekezela Phakathi

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 517  words


New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

KARL GERNETZKY

Education Writer

CRITICISMS of the child support grant are unfounded, with the support having a
positive effect on children's school attendance, food security and health,
according to research from the University of Johannesburg (UJ).

The R270 grant allocated to 10,7-million children each month has been criticised
for fostering dependency on the state, increasing teenage pregnancy rates and
misuse of the funds.

But the director of the Centre for Social Development in Africa at the
University of Johannesburg, Prof Leila Patel, said yesterday a study that
assessed the effect of the grant in 343 households in Doornkop, Soweto, did not
corroborate & anecdotal reports& of grant misuse.

Speaking at a briefing on the research, Prof Patel said the grant was & reaching
people that it should reach& and there was strong & statistical correlation&
between the grant and good care of children.

Doornkop had been selected as the location for the research as it had high
numbers of grant beneficiaries, and would give a good example of a poor, urban
community in SA, Prof Patel said.

There was & no evidence& the grant encouraged teenage pregnancy, she said.

Only 5% of the recipients of the grant were & young women& between the ages of
16 and 20, and fertility rates in the community had been falling, she said.

About 92% of the grant beneficiaries received grants for children they actually
cared for in their households, and only in one household were the children
receiving a grant not being cared for by their biological families.

Prof Patel said despite the majority of respondents saying the grant had
positive economic effects, with 80% saying they were now better able to care for
their children, negative perceptions about the grant continued, even among
recipients.

Of the homes receiving grants, 55% believed the grant money was not being used
for its intended purpose, 45% said it encouraged teenage pregnancy, and 36% said
it & makes people lazy& The centre warned that this & negative social discourse&
over the grant stigmatised recipients, undermined children's rights to social
assistance and caused unnecessary fear that the grant may be stopped.

Stephanie Brockerhoff, senior researcher at the Studies in Poverty and
Inequality Institute, agreed, saying the grant suffered a huge & image problem&
that was not borne out by research.

& Research shows that the child support grant alleviates poverty and actually
increases job-search activity,& she said.

Ms Brockerhoff said that given the structure of social grants, the nature of the
grant, the amount, and how it was distributed needed to be revisited.

& No one has actually sat down and calculated what it costs to raise a child,&
she said.

Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said in his budget speech last month that
poverty and inequality in SA would be worse without social grants.

Nearly 16-million South Africans received social grants, and spending on social
grants would grow from R105bn in 2012-13 to R122bn in 2014-15, Mr Gordhan said.
With Bekezela Phakathi

gernetzkyk@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 607 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

BYLINE: KARL GERNETZKY with Bekezela Phakathi

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 517  words


New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

KARL GERNETZKY

Education Writer

CRITICISMS of the child support grant are unfounded, with the support having a
positive effect on children's school attendance, food security and health,
according to research from the University of Johannesburg (UJ).

The R270 grant allocated to 10,7-million children each month has been criticised
for fostering dependency on the state, increasing teenage pregnancy rates and
misuse of the funds.

But the director of the Centre for Social Development in Africa at the
University of Johannesburg, Prof Leila Patel, said yesterday a study that
assessed the effect of the grant in 343 households in Doornkop, Soweto, did not
corroborate & anecdotal reports& of grant misuse.

Speaking at a briefing on the research, Prof Patel said the grant was & reaching
people that it should reach& and there was strong & statistical correlation&
between the grant and good care of children.

Doornkop had been selected as the location for the research as it had high
numbers of grant beneficiaries, and would give a good example of a poor, urban
community in SA, Prof Patel said.

There was & no evidence& the grant encouraged teenage pregnancy, she said.

Only 5% of the recipients of the grant were & young women& between the ages of
16 and 20, and fertility rates in the community had been falling, she said.

About 92% of the grant beneficiaries received grants for children they actually
cared for in their households, and only in one household were the children
receiving a grant not being cared for by their biological families.

Prof Patel said despite the majority of respondents saying the grant had
positive economic effects, with 80% saying they were now better able to care for
their children, negative perceptions about the grant continued, even among
recipients.

Of the homes receiving grants, 55% believed the grant money was not being used
for its intended purpose, 45% said it encouraged teenage pregnancy, and 36% said
it & makes people lazy& The centre warned that this & negative social discourse&
over the grant stigmatised recipients, undermined children's rights to social
assistance and caused unnecessary fear that the grant may be stopped.

Stephanie Brockerhoff, senior researcher at the Studies in Poverty and
Inequality Institute, agreed, saying the grant suffered a huge & image problem&
that was not borne out by research.

& Research shows that the child support grant alleviates poverty and actually
increases job-search activity,& she said.

Ms Brockerhoff said that given the structure of social grants, the nature of the
grant, the amount, and how it was distributed needed to be revisited.

& No one has actually sat down and calculated what it costs to raise a child,&
she said.

Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said in his budget speech last month that
poverty and inequality in SA would be worse without social grants.

Nearly 16-million South Africans received social grants, and spending on social
grants would grow from R105bn in 2012-13 to R122bn in 2014-15, Mr Gordhan said.
With Bekezela Phakathi

gernetzkyk@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 608 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

BYLINE: KARL GERNETZKY with Bekezela Phakathi

SECTION: PROD:PAGE

LENGTH: 532  words


New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

KARL GERNETZKY

Education Writer

CRITICISMS of the child support grant are unfounded, with the support having a
positive effect on children&apos;s school attendance, food security and health,
according to research from the University of Johannesburg (UJ).

The R270 grant allocated to 10,7-million children each month has been criticised
for fostering dependency on the state, increasing teenage pregnancy rates and
misuse of the funds.

But the director of the Centre for Social Development in Africa at the
University of Johannesburg, Prof Leila Patel, said yesterday a study that
assessed the effect of the grant in 343 households in Doornkop, Soweto, did not
corroborate &amp; anecdotal reports&amp; of grant misuse.

Speaking at a briefing on the research, Prof Patel said the grant was &amp;
reaching people that it should reach&amp; and there was strong &amp; statistical
correlation&amp; between the grant and good care of children.

Doornkop had been selected as the location for the research as it had high
numbers of grant beneficiaries, and would give a good example of a poor, urban
community in SA, Prof Patel said.

There was &amp; no evidence&amp; the grant encouraged teenage pregnancy, she
said.

Only 5% of the recipients of the grant were &amp; young women&amp; between the
ages of 16 and 20, and fertility rates in the community had been falling, she
said.

About 92% of the grant beneficiaries received grants for children they actually
cared for in their households, and only in one household were the children
receiving a grant not being cared for by their biological families.

Prof Patel said despite the majority of respondents saying the grant had
positive economic effects, with 80% saying they were now better able to care for
their children, negative perceptions about the grant continued, even among
recipients.

Of the homes receiving grants, 55% believed the grant money was not being used
for its intended purpose, 45% said it encouraged teenage pregnancy, and 36% said
it &amp; makes people lazy&amp; The centre warned that this &amp; negative
social discourse&amp; over the grant stigmatised recipients, undermined
children&apos;s rights to social assistance and caused unnecessary fear that the
grant may be stopped.

Stephanie Brockerhoff, senior researcher at the Studies in Poverty and
Inequality Institute, agreed, saying the grant suffered a huge &amp; image
problem&amp; that was not borne out by research.

&amp; Research shows that the child support grant alleviates poverty and
actually increases job-search activity,&amp; she said.

Ms Brockerhoff said that given the structure of social grants, the nature of the
grant, the amount, and how it was distributed needed to be revisited.

&amp; No one has actually sat down and calculated what it costs to raise a
child,&amp; she said.

Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said in his budget speech last month that
poverty and inequality in SA would be worse without social grants.

Nearly 16-million South Africans received social grants, and spending on social
grants would grow from R105bn in 2012-13 to R122bn in 2014-15, Mr Gordhan said.
With Bekezela Phakathi

gernetzkyk@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 609 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

BYLINE: KARL GERNETZKY with Bekezela Phakathi

SECTION: PROD:PAGE

LENGTH: 517  words


New research fails to find proof of child-grant abuse

KARL GERNETZKY

Education Writer

CRITICISMS of the child support grant are unfounded, with the support having a
positive effect on children's school attendance, food security and health,
according to research from the University of Johannesburg (UJ).

The R270 grant allocated to 10,7-million children each month has been criticised
for fostering dependency on the state, increasing teenage pregnancy rates and
misuse of the funds.

But the director of the Centre for Social Development in Africa at the
University of Johannesburg, Prof Leila Patel, said yesterday a study that
assessed the effect of the grant in 343 households in Doornkop, Soweto, did not
corroborate & anecdotal reports& of grant misuse.

Speaking at a briefing on the research, Prof Patel said the grant was & reaching
people that it should reach& and there was strong & statistical correlation&
between the grant and good care of children.

Doornkop had been selected as the location for the research as it had high
numbers of grant beneficiaries, and would give a good example of a poor, urban
community in SA, Prof Patel said.

There was & no evidence& the grant encouraged teenage pregnancy, she said.

Only 5% of the recipients of the grant were & young women& between the ages of
16 and 20, and fertility rates in the community had been falling, she said.

About 92% of the grant beneficiaries received grants for children they actually
cared for in their households, and only in one household were the children
receiving a grant not being cared for by their biological families.

Prof Patel said despite the majority of respondents saying the grant had
positive economic effects, with 80% saying they were now better able to care for
their children, negative perceptions about the grant continued, even among
recipients.

Of the homes receiving grants, 55% believed the grant money was not being used
for its intended purpose, 45% said it encouraged teenage pregnancy, and 36% said
it & makes people lazy& The centre warned that this & negative social discourse&
over the grant stigmatised recipients, undermined children's rights to social
assistance and caused unnecessary fear that the grant may be stopped.

Stephanie Brockerhoff, senior researcher at the Studies in Poverty and
Inequality Institute, agreed, saying the grant suffered a huge & image problem&
that was not borne out by research.

& Research shows that the child support grant alleviates poverty and actually
increases job-search activity,& she said.

Ms Brockerhoff said that given the structure of social grants, the nature of the
grant, the amount, and how it was distributed needed to be revisited.

& No one has actually sat down and calculated what it costs to raise a child,&
she said.

Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said in his budget speech last month that
poverty and inequality in SA would be worse without social grants.

Nearly 16-million South Africans received social grants, and spending on social
grants would grow from R105bn in 2012-13 to R122bn in 2014-15, Mr Gordhan said.
With Bekezela Phakathi

gernetzkyk@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 610 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  June 16, 2001 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FEWER CAL GRANTS TO BE GIVEN NEXT YEAR REASONS INCLUDE FORMS NOT FILLED OUT
CORRECTLY

BYLINE: BECKY BARTINDALE, Mercury News

SECTION: CALIFORNIA NEWS; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 609 words


California's newly expanded grants program for needy college students --
trumpeted by Gov. Gray Davis as "the most generous college financial aid program
in the nation" -- will give fewer grants in the coming fiscal year than the year
before, despite a record 35 percent increase in the money it has to spend.

The commission awarded 77,603 awards this year, but it expects to give only
about 75,500 grants in the fiscal year beginning July 1 in part because many
applicants did not fill out the complicated forms correctly.

Although the number of grants could increase as "corrected" applications come
in, it is unlikely the total will exceed the number of grants made last year,
said Wally Boeck, executive director of the California Student Aid Commission.

Boeck said he thinks the decrease in grants is a one-time phenomenon, one of the
"unintended consequences" of last year's historic legislation expanding the
state's chronically under-funded Cal Grant program. Applications did increase
substantially this year.

Next year, he said, the applicant pool will be larger as an additional high
school graduating class becomes eligible for the guaranteed grant for students
who meet academic and financial guidelines.

The program is funded at $503 million this year, up from $372 million.

The Cal Grant legislation guaranteed financial aid to low-income students who
make at least a C average. But in a compromise with the governor to limit the
cost, legislators agreed to phase in the guarantee over four years, starting
with the Class of 2001.

This year, "entitlement" grants are available only to newly graduated seniors.
Next year, the pool will include students who graduate high school in 2001 and
2002. Students in other categories have to compete for a limited number of
"competitive" grants.

Legislators who united behind the Cal Grant expansion last year called the
decrease in awards unsettling and disappointing.

"It's unbelievable," said Elaine Alquist, D-Santa Clara, chairwoman of the
Assembly Higher Education Committee. "We were supposed to give grants to 125,000
students and we will be offering them to 75,500 students."

Alquist said she plans a hearing next week into the shortfall and will ask the
governor to make sure the grant money that wasn't given out will be rolled over
into the competitive grants.

A spokesman for Cruz Bustamante said the lieutenant governor "is disappointed we
didn't get as many students into the new Cal Grant program." The shortfall in
grants indicates that more work needs to be done "to spread the word to parents,
students and educators about the Cal Grant guarantee," said Kevin McCarty,
Bustamante's policy director.

Cal Grants are available to California residents attending public or private
colleges in California. They currently range from $1,550 to nearly $10,000,
depending on where a student is going to school.

Roughly 51,000 students will be eligible this year for competitive grants, but
the Cal Grant legislation allows the commission to award only 22,500 grants
competitively. The average family income of students receiving a competitive
grant was $17,000 a year for a family of four, Boeck said, and the average grade
point average was 3.2.

In a letter last week to Davis, Boeck urged support for legislation allowing the
commission to increase by 20,000 the number of competitive grants it can make.

Another thing that would help, Boeck said, would be additional funding for
outreach. Pending legislation would provide up to $5 million, including money to
employ college students to help applicants fill out the forms.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 611 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

A surprise for teacher

BYLINE: Cathy Spaulding, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


April 20--Teachers at nine Muskogee schools got balloons and big prizes Thursday
morning.

Representatives of the Education Foundation of Muskogee visited the schools and
presented 14 grants totaling $12,150.04.

"This will be a record year, thanks to Yaffe Iron & Metal," Foundation President
Frank Medearis said. "Yaffe matched our grants, allowing us to announce a major
grant in the fall affecting the entire Muskogee Public School system."

Pershing Elementary Librarian Rogena McClain received two grants, including an
$801 grant for "Sing Me a Story," in which students use songs and stories
together to make PowerPoint presentations.

"They can write their own lyrics and poems. This incorporates writing into the
curriculum," McClain said.

McClain received a $775 grant for "Common Core Connection," which enables
Muskogee High School students to help students with science experiments.

Medearis said many grants deal with the upcoming Common Core Curriculum, a state
mandated curriculum considered more rigorous and writing-oriented than the
current curriculum. It takes effect in the 2014 school year.

Sadler Arts Academy eighth-grade teacher Georgie Chapuis received a $950 grant
to help incorporate writing into all subject areas.

Pershing music teacher Teresa Pointer received a $764 grant for a program to
help develop singing ability and recognition in early grades.

"I'm very excited to get this grant to pay for the material, "Pointer said. "The
program will give students a good foundation with singing. They will be able to
hear the music and use their voice muscles to match the notes."

Rougher Alternative Academy's licensed professional counselor Shirley
Morgan-Glenn received a $1,985 grant to buy workbooks and other materials to
help students deal with substance abuse and anger management.

"Unfortunately, society gives kids a lot of reasons to get angry," Morgan-Glenn
said, adding that the workbooks could help students express their anger in
healthy ways.

Whittier Elementary instructional coach Shelia Rolland said she will use her
$1,134 grant for backpacks kids can take home. The backpacks would be filled
with reading games, books and other items kids and parents can use together.

Reach Cathy Spaulding at (918) 684-2928 or cspaulding@muskogeephoenix.com

Grant Recipients

Here in the Real World    Beverly Boyer, Creek Elementary    Mallory Paige
Coburn Grant    $1,003.60

Jazz it Up    Mellissa Agee, Irving Elementary    Yaffe Iron & Metal Grant
$314.99

Doh-A-Deer    Shalyn Gallaway, Alice Robertson Junior High    Claude C. Harris
Grant    $627.87

En "Core" Common Core Informational Text & the Library Media Center    Regina
Batie, Harris-Jobe Elementary    Bank of Oklahoma Grant    $704.54

The Writing Fix: A Common Core Necessity    Georgie Chapuis, Sadler Arts Academy
Armstrong Bank Grant    $950

Can You Catch a Falling Star?    Angela Cummings, Creek Elementary    First
National Bank Grant, $721.33

Cloudy with a Chance of Learning    Regina Batie, Harris-Jobe Elementary    Omni
Valve Grant $866.16

The Music in Me    Teresa Pointer, Pershing Elementary    American Bank of
Oklahoma and Citizens Security Bank Grant    $764.64

Sing Me a Story    Rogena McClain, Pershing Elementary    Mahylon's Inc. Grant
$801.48

Common Core Connection    Rogena McClain, Pershing Elementary    David & Linda
Edwards and Carlisle & Linda Roberts Grant    $775.36

Anger Management/Abuse Recovery    Shirley Morgan-Glenn, Rougher Alternative
Academy    Muskogee Phoenix and Virgil Matthews Grant    $1,985.13

Take Me Home Tonight    Shelia Rolland, Whittier Elementary    Rossco
Construction Inc., Charles Lamont-Wilcox & McGrath Insurance Grant, $1,134.18

Parent University    Judy Myers, Harris-Jobe Elementary    Exchange Club Grant
$588.26

STEAM: The Intersection of the Arts & Sciences    Sonya Foster, Muskogee High
School    Stifel Nicolaus Grant    $912.50

___ (c)2012 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120420-XK-A-surprise-for-teacher-0420-20120420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2012 Muskogee Phoenix


                          FOCUS - 612 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

CPF housing grants to be cut

                               December 12, 1998

Joanne Lee


First-timers buying a HDB resale flat or executive condo will get $ 5,000 less.
The move follows drop in flat prices and will be carried out in stages

THE Housing Board (HDB) yesterday said it will cut the Central Provident Fund
(CPF) housing grants by $ 5,000 for first-time buyers of HDB resale flats and
executive condominiums in line with falling flat prices.

But the move will be implemented in stages over the next five months to minimise
the impact on those who are in the process of buying a flat, it said.

Starting next month, monthly cuts of $ 1,000 will be made to the family grant,
joint singles grant and executive condominium grants, while the single citizen
grant will be reduced by $ 500 per month.

By May 1, 1999, the family grant and executive condominium grant will be $
35,000; the joint singles grants will be $ 25,000, and the single citizen grant
will be $ 12,500.

Families buying resale flats near their parents will get grants of $ 45,000.
Announcing this, National Development Minister Lim Hng Kiang said: "We are
confident that even with the reduction of the grants, first-time buyers will
still find resale flats affordable as prices have come down." Introduced in
1994, the CPF Housing Grant scheme has benefited about 28,800 families and 1,500
singles. Currently, first-time buyers of HDB flats are eligible for a $ 40,000
grant; or $ 50,000 if the flats are near to those of their parents.

A $ 40,000 grant was extended to first-time buyers of executive condominiums in
August 1996; and grants of $ 15,000 each have been given to singles since June
this year.

But these had to be cut as resale flat prices had fallen by 24 per cent last
quarter and were back to 1995 levels, said Mr Lim.

A $ 5,000 cut in the grant allowance was only 12.5 per cent of the $ 40,000
grant. This was "a fair reduction" since it was only half the drop in flat
prices, he said.

Three-room flats currently cost about $ 135,000, as compared to $ 190,000 during
the property boom in 1996, he noted.

A $ 35,000 family grant easily covered the 20 per cent downpayment of a
three-room flat, which is about $ 27,000, he said.

Similarly, four-room flat prices were down from $ 330,000 in 1996 to about $
250,000 now. The current downpayment for such a flat would be $ 50,000.

"With the new grant of $ 35,000 or $ 45,000, you only have to top up a few
thousand dollars for the downpayment.

"A young couple working for a few years should find this entirely affordable,"
he said. But Mr Lim reassured Singaporeans that the CPF housing grants would be
revised if flat prices rose later. The numbers of family grants disbursed this
year is almost four times the number in 1995, when 3,704 grants were disbursed.
Up to Oct 31 this year, 11,429 grants had already been given out. More people
were also dropping out of the HDB flat queue to buy resale flats with the CPF
housing grants. About 3,300 applicants had done so last quarter, up from 960 in
the fourth quarter of 1997.

These figures showed that the grant was "very, very attractive", and Mr Lim said
he expected the application numbers to continue rising.

This year, the National Development Ministry needed an extra $ 600 million to
cover the excess applications.

Only $ 300 million had been set aside initially. It will ask for a budget about
$ 1 billion during the next Budget sitting as it anticipates even more grant
applications next year. ERA Realty president Jack Chua said that the cuts would
have minimal impact on the HDB resale market, but there may be a demand surge
before the cuts were implemented fully.

SECTION: Prime News; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 603 words

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1998 The Straits Times Press Limited


                          FOCUS - 613 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                            Manchester Evening News

                               February 13, 2003

MONEY is always hot topic among entrepreneurs with limited funds and access to
capital.

BYLINE: by riazat butt

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 777 words



MONEY is always hot topic among entrepreneurs with limited funds and access to
capital.  Approaching traditional lending institutions - such as banks and
venture capitalists - is one way of funding a business or a project.  But there
is a pot of money available to companies, whatever their size or sector,
containing millions of pounds worth of grants ranging from £50 to more than £1m.
Find the right grant + apply = money for a fledgling business. It seems like a
winning formula, but UK firms are losing out when it comes to applying for
grants.  According to the Federation of Small Businesses only seven per cent of
SMEs have taken advantage of grants, leaving around £100m to go unclaimed every
year.  Companies lack the time and know-how to hack their way through the grants
jungle, which is hardly surprising when there are more than 4,000 variations of
more than 1,500 grant schemes.  Applying for grants can be a long-winded
process, which is bad news for small firms as they need a quick decision.
Grants are available from central, local and EU government. They are
administered by more than 600 providers, but there is no single point of
contact.

The main forms of grant aid fall into three categories - capital investment and
employment, research and development and finance.  Regional Selective Assistance
is one of the main forms of grant aid to help investment by private sector
companies with projects that involve capital investment and the creation or
safeguarding of employment.

A RSA grant is not automatic, but is discretionary and negotiable. The annual
budget for the scheme is in the region of £360m. The scheme can help with most
types of projects including start-ups, buy-ins, buy-outs, expansions and
restructuring. It is available to help private sector companies in both the
manufacturing and service sectors. Last year, Manchester chemicals giant Avecia
created 300 hi-tech jobs and a £70m investment with the help of a Regional
Selective Assistance grant of £6.5m.  The advanced medicine facilities at
Billingham makes a new generation of medicines, based on natural proteins, that
offer improved ways to treat diseases such as forms of cancer, diabetes and
heart conditions.  Upon completion in 2005, the facility will be the largest
purpose-built biologics facility of its kind in the world.  Avecia chief
executive Jeremy Scudamore said that the investment was the company's largest
single investment since its formation in mid-1999.  A £5m RSA grant for Quinn
Glass to site a new glass packaging plant in Ince, near Wigan, created 500 new
jobs. The grant meant that the company did not have to locate its new plant in
France, as had been previously considered.  A large proportion of the north west
can qualify for aid. The highest level of potential grant award is available in
Merseyside, which has Tier One status making the potential grant award one of
the highest in the UK.  The maximum level of grant potentially available
represents 35 per cent of capital expenditure.  Parts of Greater Manchester,
including Salford Quays and Trafford Park, have Tier Two grant status, which can
provide up to half as much grant as a Tier One location. For SMEs, where the
level of investment is below £500,000, there are Enterprise Grant areas. The
maximum award of grant is £75,000. As with Tier Two areas, certain sectors of
industry cannot apply for grant, and projects serving local markets only also
cannot apply.

SMART is a package of grant support to help individuals and SME's research and
develop technologically innovative products and processes.  Other finance
opportunities include the Small Firm Loan Guarantee Scheme which allows banks
and other financial institutions to guarantee loans,providing there is a viable
business proposal, and the company has tried and failed to get a conventional
loan due to lack of security. Grants are delivered through the regional
government offices and in the case of the north west, The Government Office for
the North West.  J4b has a website aimed at helping companies through the
funding maze.  The firm's communication manager Richard Wynne says: "There is a
misconception that grants are only intended for deprived areas and struggling
industries.  In fact, they are predominantly designed to support business growth
and companies in all sectors - and even the richest areas are potentially
eligible for a grant.  "Another misconception is that grants do not provide
substantial amounts of funding, whereas, there are several schemes where the
cash awards to companies can actually run into seven figure sums."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2003 Manchester Evening News


                          FOCUS - 614 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               September 30, 2011

Social grants assist a range of citizens

BYLINE: Sponsored Feature

SECTION: NEWSPAPER

LENGTH: 723 words



HIGHLIGHT: The South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) manages a range of
social grants that are disbursed nationwide monthly. >


The South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) manages a range of social
grants that are disbursed nationwide monthly.

There are certain requirements that grant applicants must meet though. A general
requirement for all grant applicants is that they must be South Africans
residing in the country. They must not be maintained or cared for at a state
institution and must not be in receipt of another social grant when applying for
a grant. If they have a spouse, this partner must meet the requirements of the
Sassa means test which will determine whether they qualify for a social grant.

Below is a list of the various social grants, criteria and amounts that are paid
monthly to beneficiaries.

Grant for older persons (R1140 monthly payment) Criteria:

 older persons applying for a grant must be 60 years or older.

War veteran's grant (R1160 monthly payment) Criteria:

 applicants must be 60 years and older or disabled. Applicants must have fought
in the Second World War or the Korean War.

Disability grant (R1140 monthly payment) Criteria:

 disabled persons applying for a grant must be 18 to 59 years old and they must
submit a medical or assessment report confirming disability. This medical
assessment must not be older than three months at the date of application.

Care dependency grant (R1140 monthly payment) Criteria:

 applicant and child must be resident in South Africa and the child must be from
18 years old. The applicant must submit a medical or assessment report
confirming permanent, severe disability. The income of a foster parent will not
be taken into consideration.

Foster child grant (R740 monthly payment) Criteria:

 a court order indicating foster care status. The foster parent must be a South
African citizen, permanent resident or refugee. The child must remain in the
care of the foster parent.

Child support grant (R260 monthly payment) Criteria:

 the primary care-giver must be a South African citizen or permanent resident.
Both the applicant and the child must reside in South Africa. The applicant must
be the primary care-giver of the child or children concerned. The child or
children must have been born after December 31 1993. The applicant cannot apply
for more than six non- biological children.

Grant-in-aid (R260 monthly payment) Criteria:

 this is linked to a main grant. The applicant must be in receipt of a grant for
older persons, disability or war veterans. The applicant must require full-time
attend- ce by another person owing to his or her physical or mental
disabilities.

Social relief of distress grant (R240 to R1140 per month) Criteria:

 this is a temporary provision of assistance intended for persons in such dire
need that they are unable to meet their or their families' most basic needs. It
is paid to South African citizens or permanent residents who have insufficient
means and meet one or more of the following criteria:

     ·    the applicant is awaiting a permanent social grant;
     ·    the applicant has been found medically unfit to undertake remunerative
          work for a period of less than 6 months;
     ·    no maintenance is received from a parent, child or spouse obliged by
          law to pay maintenance, and proof is furnished that efforts made to
          obtain maintenance have been unsuccessful;
     ·    the breadwinner is deceased and application is made within three
          months of the date of death;
     ·    the breadwinner of that person's family has been admitted to a
          institution funded by the state (prison, psychiatric hospital, state
          home for older persons, treatment centre for substance abuse or child
          and youth care centre)
     ·    the applicant has been affected by a disaster as defined in the
          Disaster Management Act of 2002
     ·    the person is not receiving assistance from any other organisation, or
          refusal of the application for social relief of distress will cause
          undue hardships.


 The social relief of distress grant is issued monthly for a maximum of three
months. An extension for a further three months may be granted in exceptional
cases. No person who is in receipt of a social grant may receive the grant and
social relief of distress simultaneously.

Any person who receives both social relief and a grant simultaneously must repay
the value of the social relief of distress received. This will be recovered from
subsequent grant payments.

This article originally appeared in the Mail & Guardian newspaper as a sponsored
feature>

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 615 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2008 Friday

Crimson Tide's Grant finally running healthy: Sports hernia hampered him last
season

BYLINE: Josh Cooper, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 644 words


Aug. 22--TUSCALOOSA -- Nick Saban noticed the limp. Even for a fraction of a
second, he saw that small misstep as running back Terry Grant transferred weight
from one foot to another.

Saban would turn to Grant and ask him if he had any problems, and Grant would
just shake his head and then run back out into the next play.

This happened throughout last season for Alabama as Grant fought his way through
a sports hernia from the beginning of the year to the end.

"I just lost focus as a person, and with that injury, it kind of brought me
down," said Grant, a junior. "But my spirits are back high, and I'm ready to go
out and play again."

Through the first three games, Grant enjoyed a dream start.

Against Western Carolina, on the first play from scrimmage, Grant scored on a
47-yard touchdown run. Then the following week against Vanderbilt, Grant rushed
for 173 yards and two touchdowns.

After his 96-yard performance against Arkansas in the third game, Grant stood
second in the SEC with 134.3 rushing yards a game.

But the pain in Grant's mid-section increased, and as it did, his numbers went
down. During his last eight games, Grant averaged 61 yards a game. He did not
play against Auburn or in the Independence Bowl against Colorado. He relied on
speed and agility, and the 5-foot-10, 185-pound Grant could use neither.

"(The pain) kind of started before the season because I was kind of feeling it,"
Grant said. "But I could push through it, and then it was like ... no more."

During the off-season, Grant discovered he suffered from a sports hernia.

Grant had surgery, and in the Tide's spring workouts, he returned to the field
looking more like the running back who cut through holes and blasted toward the
end zone.

This was obvious in Alabama's A-Day Game, in which Grant caught a swing pass on
the outside from quarterback John Parker Wilson, then beat cornerback Javier
Arenas and safeties Rashad Johnson and Justin Woodall in a 75-yard race down the
sideline to the end zone.

"That was when I felt good about it," Grant said with a smile.

After his injury-plagued season, Grant realized that he needed pace himself and
not go for the most physical route on each run. He also added about 10 pounds of
muscle. This year, when he feels pain, he will know when to stop.

"You learn from your experience and you try to not hold anything back," Grant
said. "But also at the same time, you have to listen to your body and have a
feel for that."

Grant's teammates notice a difference as well. They see the new Terry Grant
looking a lot like the old Terry Grant.

"His (speed) burst is there," Tide running back Glen Coffee said. "He looks like
the Terry that was here at the beginning of the season last year."

Also, the new offense that first-year offensive coordinator Jim McElwain has
brought to Alabama should exploit some of Grant's pass-catching skills. McElwain
likes using running backs as receivers, hoping to create mismatches with slower
linebackers.

But whether Grant will play as Alabama's feature back remains to be seen.
Alabama can go three or four players deep at running back with Coffee, Roy
Upchurch and freshman Mark Ingram.

This could present a logjam at the position when the season starts.

"It is a motivation to me," Grant said. "When I get hurt you see what you missed
and try to come back, and it's kind of like, you want to be there so bad that it
motivates yourself to get going."

Alabama vs. Clemson in Atlanta

Aug. 30, 7 p.m., WAAY-31

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080822-DD-Crimson-Tide-s-Grant-finally-running-healthy-0822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2008 The Decatur Daily


                          FOCUS - 616 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Delaware: Windswept Grant Program

LENGTH: 731  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


West Street, Maryland  has issued the following news release:

The Clean Energy Grant Program for wind, entitled Windswept, offers Maryland
residents, businesses and non-profits the opportunity to install and manage
their own wind energy systems. The program is designed to help satisfy
Maryland's Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS), requiring 20 percent of
Maryland's Electricity be generated from renewable energy sources by 2022.

Windswept funds are available through the Residential Clean Energy Grant Program
for homeowners and Commercial Clean Energy Grant Program for businesses,
non-profits, and government entities.

MEA is now accepting applications for the second round of its Community
Windswept Grant Program. This program expands on the original Windswept Grant by
raising the Windsweptcap from $100,000 to $1,000,000 for a limited number of
projects, selected on a competitive basis. Applications for this program are due
by December 22, 2014.
Quick Links

Community Windswept Notice of Grant Availability
    Residential Clean Energy Grant Program
    Commercial Clean Energy Grant Program
    Guidelines for Calculation
    Sample Grant Calculations
    Program Notes
    Additional Information

Guidelines for Calculations

Windswept grants are calculated based on expected turbine performance at 11
meters per second (approx. 25 miles per hour) and are scheduled as follows:

Windswept Grant Program

$3,000 per kilowatt of normalized capacity (normalized system capacity rated at
wind speeds of 11 m/s)
    Grant allocation not to exceed $100,000, in total

Community Windswept Grant Program

Lesser of either $3,000/kilowatt or 50% of the grantees' (net) cost after
consideration of all other incentives
    Up to $1 M in FY 15, subject to funding availability

back to top
Sample Grant Calculations

Grant calculations for some common small wind turbines that have already been
installed in Maryland are listed below:
Turbine Manufacturer/ Name  Normalized capacity at 11m/s  Grant Calculation
Bergey Windpower Excel 10  8.9 kW  $26,700
Endurance Windpower S-250  4.3 kW  $12,900
Endurance Windpower S-343  5.3 kW  $15,900
Endurance 50kW 49  49 kW  $100,000
Gaia GW133-11 kW  14.15 kW  $42,450
Potomac Wind Energy American Classic 6kW  5.1 kW  $15,300
Southwest Windpower Skystream 3.7  2.2 kW  $6,600
Wind Turbine Industries Jacobs Model 31-20  17.5 kW  $52,500
XZERES ARE 442  10 kW  $30,000

back to top
Program Notes

Windswept:

Wind turbine systems up to 750 kW are eligible for a Windswept grant.
    Eligible systems must be listed above or listed on either the Interstate
Turbine Advisory Council (ITAC) Unified List of Wind Turbines or the Small Wind
Certification Council list of certified turbines. Those lists can be found here:


http://www.cesa.org/projects/ITAC/itac-unified-list-of-wind-turbines/
                http://smallwindcertification.org/certified-small-turbines/
    Windswept grants are available to cover a maximum of 50% of the net cost of
installation. Net cost is calculated as the installation cost reduced by
federal, county or local grants or tax credits.
    Grants are allocated on a per-property basis. Multiple grants will not be
issued for multiple turbines on the same property


Community Windswept FY 15:

Application deadline is December 22, 2014.
    Community-scale projects, ranging in size from 50kW to 1.5mW, are eligible.

    Only net-metering projects are eligible for consideration.
    Awards will not be made to projects that start construction prior to the
effective date of the Grant Agreement with MEA.
    Please see the Notice of Grant Availability for more detailed information.

back to top
Community Windswept Documents

The Community Windswept Program is administered under the Commercial Clean
Energy Grant Program, When applying please utilize the following documents:

Community Wind Notice of Grant Availability
    Community Windswept Application Form
    Community Windswept Consent for MEA Staff to Enter Property Form
    Community Wind Completion Certificate
    Community Windswept Sample Grant Agreement

Trouble viewing PDF documents? Try the following: Right-click on the file link
and select 'Save Link As' to download directly to your machine OR use Internet
Explorer version 9x or later.

In the case of query regarding or other contact needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediaslutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 617 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Eastern Wake News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Audit says Knightdale grant paperwork needs closer attention

BYLINE: Mechelle Hankerson, Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


Nov. 24--KNIGHTDALE -- The town's annual financial audit showed a healthy,
thriving town with two small problems: purchase orders with late dates and
inconsistent keeping of grant money.

The Cary-based accounting firm who completed the audit, Joyce and Company CPA,
said both problems were small. Small as they may be, the issue with grant money
affects a hefty portion of the town's total revenue.

Knightdale's audit showed the town netted the same amount of revenue -- 34
percent of the town's total -- from property taxes as it does from grants and
other contributions.

The audit reported the town gets $5,421,563 from property taxes and $5,398,541
from grants and donations.

The town received two donations of land that factor into that number: a $63,000
piece of land from the Cheswick subdivision that will become a park and $2.4
million worth of sidewalks and right-of-ways from the Churchill subdivision.
There were also some smaller cash donations.

The town's total revenue for the fiscal year was $15,791,698.

According to Knightdale finance director James Overton, property taxes usually
take up about 50 percent of the town's total revenue. Last year, because of
projects like Knightdale Station Park, Mingo Creek Greenway and improvements to
First Avenue, the town's grant money spiked.

"In a normal year, we wouldn't get nearly as much grant money," Overton said.

Problems with documentation

When Knightdale receives a grant for a project, the town fronts the money and
the grant is a reimbursement for the money they've already spent on a project.

To receive the reimbursement, the town has to provide the granting agency
documentation that the money has been spent.

The audit said some of these grant reimbursements weren't being filed timely and
consistently. The disorganization in the town's system of keeping track of grant
money caused one grantor to be overbilled for a grant reimbursement.

The audit conceded that the town had received several grants over the audit
period, but said the town staff wasn't prepared to handle the number of
transactions that were tied to the grants.

Overton said it was an unusual year for the town in how much grant money it
received, but he said the town has already taken steps to better handle grant
documentation.

The town will now file reimbursements on a quarterly basis rather than at the
end of the fiscal year. It should help avoid mistakes and it will help with the
town's cash flow, Overton said. With quarterly reimbursements, the town will
spend smaller amounts of money and then be reimbursed rather than spending a
year's worth of money and waiting for reimbursement.

The audit noted Knightdale doesn't have a grant specialist on staff to help
manage and analyze grant activities, but Overton said the town probably will not
need one.

Each department handles their own grant applications. Large construction grants
go to the Public Works Department.

The year was busy and the town was lucky, but Overton said he suspects
Knightdale won't receive quite as many grants in the coming years.

"The agencies that give out these grants have to spread the wealth around," he
said. "We have gotten more than our fair share of grant money."

Overton said next year might have similar grant activity, but he expects it to
drop off by 2015. By then, the town will have completed the Mingo Creek Greenway
and sidewalk construction on Smithfield Road, which are some of the larger
projects funded by grants.

Hankerson: 919-829-4826; Twitter: @easternwakenews

___ (c)2013 the Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.) Visit the Eastern Wake News
(Zebulon, N.C.) at www.easternwakenews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131124-ZB-Audit-says-Knightdale-grant
-paperwork-needs-closer-attention-1124-20131124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZB


           Copyright 2013 Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, North Carolina)


                          FOCUS - 618 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday
                                   E2 Edition

Store seeks solution to grant queues;
Request to move payout day

BYLINE:  NOELENE BARBEAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 756 words


Shoprite Checkers and the SA Social Security Agency (Sassa) are in talks about
proposals to alleviate the month-end chaos and congestion at supermarkets that
offer social grant payment services.

Shoprite Checkers this week distanced itself from a report in The Times that
suggested it had cancelled its contract to offer this service to grant
recipients due to the loss of customers who put off their monthly grocery
shopping because of the lengthy queues.

The article said Shoprite Checkers had cancelled its agreement with Cash Payment
Services - the subsidiary of Net1 UEPS Technologies - that was awarded, in 2012,
a R10 billion contract to distribute social grants to more than 10 million
beneficiaries in the next five years.

This week, the supermarket chain denied cancelling the contract, instead saying
that it wrote to the Minister of Social Development, Bathabile Dlamini, on
February 19 requesting a meeting to discuss moving grant payout days away from
weekends and month-end to alleviate congestion at their stores at month-end.

Shoprite spokeswoman, Sarita van Wyk, said the supermarket held a meeting last
Friday with Sassa chief executive, Virginia Petersen and Net1 UEPS Technologies.
They are expected to meet again to discuss further proposals.

"A date is still to be set. Everything remains as is for the time being," she
said.

Social grant recipients, as of 2012, have Sassa smart payment Mastercards to
receive their social grants at any payment channel, such as ATMs, cash
pay-points and selected merchant stores such as Shoprite Checkers, Pick n Pay,
Boxer Superstores and Spar.

This was introduced to stamp out social grant fraud and corruption.

The card has an embedded chip containing a grant recipient's personal details,
fingerprints and secret PIN. A person's social grant is loaded on to the card
every month.

If a recipient chooses to withdraw the money at a participating supermarket, he
or she can go directly to a cashier and request payment.

Vendor

The card can also be used to purchase goods, at a participating payment vendor
having a point-of-sale (POS) device, buy airtime, pay water and electricity
accounts, or open accounts.

Daily News readers have complained through BackChat about the chaos at
supermarkets at the beginning of the month.

Chatsworth resident Jay Pillay complained that the grant payouts at Shoprite
Chatsworth is "a nightmare for ordinary shoppers".

Pillay said he tried shopping at the store on March 1, 2, 3 and 4 and left
without buying anything because the queue in every aisle was too long.

"Previously, the store tried one dedicated till point for pensioners, but they
needed more staff. I can see they're doing their best, but they need to be more
organised. Many people shop on their lunch breaks and can't wait in these long
queues," he said.

Merebank pensioner Lydia Reddy said she still chose to collect her pension at
her local community centre, a pension paypoint, because the queues are too long
at the supermarkets. The community centre has seats and shelter for them while
they wait, whereas the supermarkets often have queues that run into the street
before the store opens.

Shoprite has 370 stores that are payment vendors and have said recipients eager
to receive their grants to put food on the table often queue from as early as
6am on the first day of every month.

"Because of the huge number of people lining up for grants in certain stores, it
has on occasion occurred that all customers could not be served by closing time;
resulting in customers who have spent the whole day queuing, returning home
empty-handed," said Van Wyk.

"(We) are trying to get proposals heard for amending the dates of payout to make
the process more bearable for grant recipients."

Sassa spokesman, Kgomoco Diseko, said that while it pays grants from the first
of every month, it urges beneficiaries not to rush to make withdrawals at stores
on the first because their money can be accessed on any other day of the month.

l According to statistical summary of social grants paid in South Africa as of
January 31, just over 16 million people received social grant payments in South
Africa. The majority of grant recipients are from KwaZulu-Natal - almost 4
million people.

Social grants refer to old age grant, war veteran's grant, disability grant,
grant in aid, child support grant, foster child grant and care dependency grant.

The majority of recipients receive child support grants (11 334 207 people), and
again most of these recipients are from KZN (2 767 011 people).

noelene.barbeau@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 619 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Shop seeks solution to grant queues

BYLINE:  NOELENE BARBEAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 758 words


Shoprite Checkers and the SA Social Security Agency (Sassa) are in talks about
proposals to alleviate the month-end chaos and congestion at supermarkets that
offer social grant payment services.

Shoprite Checkers this week distanced themselves from a report in The Times that
suggested they had cancelled their contract to offer this service to grant
recipients due to the loss of customers put off their monthly grocery shopping
because of the lengthy queues.

The article said Shoprite Checkers had cancelled its agreement with Cash Payment
Services - the subsidiary of Net1 UEPS Technologies, that was awarded, in 2012,
a R10 billion contract to distribute social grants to more than 10 million
beneficiaries in the next five years.

This week, the supermarket chain denied cancelling the contract, instead saying
that it wrote to the Minister of Social Development, Bathabile Dlamini, on
February 19 requesting a meeting to discuss moving grant pay-out days away from
weekends and month-end to alleviate congestion at their stores at month-end.

Shoprite spokeswoman Sarita van Wyk said the supermarket met last Friday with
Sassa chief executive Virginia Petersen and Net1 UEPS Technologies. They are
expected to meet again to discuss further proposals. "A date is still to be set.
Everything remains as is for the time being," she said.

Social grant recipients, as of 2012, have Sassa smart payment Mastercards to
receive their social grants at any payment channel, such as ATMs, cash
pay-points and selected merchant stores such as Shoprite Checkers, Pick n Pay,
Boxer Superstores and Spar. This was introduced to stamp out social grant fraud
and corruption.

The card has an embedded chip containing a grant recipient's personal details,
fingerprints and secret PIN. A person's social grant is loaded on to the card
every month.

If a recipient chooses to withdraw the money at a participating supermarket, he
or she can go directly to a cashier and request payment.

Vendor

The card can also be used to purchase goods, at a participating payment vendor
having a point-of-sale (POS) device, buy airtime, pay water and electricity
accounts, or open accounts.

Daily News readers have complained through BackChat about the chaos at
supermarkets at the beginning of the month. Chatsworth resident Jay Pillay
complained that the grant payouts at Shoprite Chatsworth is "a nightmare for
ordinary shoppers".

Pillay said he tried shopping at the store on March 1, 2, 3 and 4 and left
without buying anything because the queue in every aisle was too long.

"Previously, the store tried one dedicated till point for pensioners, but they
needed more staff. I can see they're doing their best, but they need to be more
organised. Many people shop on their lunch breaks and can't wait in these long
queues," he said.

Merebank pensioner Lydia Reddy said she still chooses to collect her pension at
her local community centre, a pension paypoint, because the queues are too long
at the supermarkets. The community centre has seats and shelter for them while
they wait, whereas the supermarkets often had queues that run into the street
before the store opens.

Shoprite has 370 stores that are payment vendors and have said recipients eager
to receive their grants to put food on the table often queue from as early as
6am on the first day of every month.

"Because of the huge number of people lining up for grants in certain stores, it
has on occasion occurred that all customers could not be served by closing time;
resulting in customers who have spent the whole day queuing, returning home
empty-handed," said Van Wyk. "(We) are trying to get proposals heard for
amending the dates of pay-out to make the process more bearable for grant
recipients."

Sassa spokesman Kgomoco Diseko said that while it pays grants from the first of
every month, it urges beneficiaries not to rush to make withdrawals at stores on
the first because their money can be accessed on any other day of the month.

l According to statistical summary of social grants paid in South Africa as of
January 31, just over 16 million people received social grant payments in South
Africa. The majority of grant recipients are from KwaZulu-Natal - almost 4
million people.

Social grants refer to old age grant, war veteran's grant, disability grant,
grant in aid, child support grant (CSG), foster child grant (FCG) and care
dependency grant.

The majority of SA recipients receive child support grants (11 334 207 people),
and again most of these recipients are from KZN (2 767 011 people).

noelene.barbeau@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 620 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            November 4, 2012 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

MAKING THE CASE FOR ULYSSES S. GRANT;
H.W. BRANDS' BIO SHINES A MORE FAVORABLE LIGHT ON THE 18TH PRESIDENT

BYLINE: Sarah J. Purcell

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; BOOK REVIEW; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 753 words



b> "THE MAN WHO SAVED THE UNION: ULYSSES GRANT IN WAR AND PEACE"

/b>

By H.W. Brands.

Doubleday ($35).

William T. Sherman wrote to Ulysses S. Grant just before his promotion to
lieutenant general after huge 1863 victories at Vicksburg and Chattanooga: "You
are now Washington's legitimate successor, and occupy a position of almost
dangerous elevation ... But if you can continue as heretofore to be yourself --
simple, honest, and unpretending -- you will enjoy through life ... the homage
of millions of human beings who will award you a large share for securing to
them and their descendants a government of law and stability."

In his biography of Grant, H.W. Brands maintains that Grant took Sherman's
advice and achieved greatness by securing the American republic. The subtitle of
this compelling narrative dubs Grant "The Man Who Saved the Union," a theme that
Mr. Brands pursues through the Civil War, into Grant's two terms as president,
and beyond.

Grant was America's greatest hero and most famous citizen at the end of the
Civil War, but his reputation has waxed and waned since his death in 1885.
Grant's critics have painted his expert generalship as overly destructive
bloodletting. Often depicted as a tortured alcoholic, Grant is also regularly
listed by historians as one of the worst U.S. presidents, who presided over
enormous corruption and the breakdown of Southern Reconstruction.

Mr. Brands rejects all of these criticisms in an extraordinarily well-written
survey of Grant's life that aims to rehabilitate his image. A history professor
at University of Texas and a prolific author, he stakes a claim for Grant as a
simple man whose military genius won the Civil War and who didn't hesitate to
use military power to suppress Southern violence (most especially the Ku Klux
Klan) during Reconstruction. In Mr. Brands' view, Grant deserves little blame
for the corruption of political associates during his presidency. Mr. Brands
confirms the widely held opinion of Grant's memoirs, composed as he was dying of
throat cancer, as among the most significant ever published in the United
States.

Grant emerges as a no-nonsense man, who was brilliant in battle and one of the
best-ever U.S. military commanders, if something of a political naif.

Grant was born in Ohio in 1823, entering into a lifelong struggle to get along
with his father, founder of a successful leather business. Grant was a mediocre
student at West Point, where he excelled only at math and horsemanship.

While stationed in St. Louis in 1843, he met Julia Dent, who would become his
wife in 1848 after he distinguished himself in the Mexican-American War. Julia
comes across as a dim but devoted helpmate during their 37-year marriage, whose
own status as a slave owner never disturbed her devotion to Grant or to the
Union.

Though Mr. Brands soft-pedals the issue of Grant's drinking in later years, he
depicts the family hardship caused when Grant resigned from the Army in 1854,
probably to avoid a court-martial for drunkenness. After failing as a farmer and
joining the family business in Galena, Ill., Grant came into his true calling
when the Civil War broke out in 1861, ushering him back into the army, where he
was soon promoted from colonel to brigadier general.

The best part of this biography depicts Grant's Civil War. Mr. Brands does not
explain explicitly how Grant achieved greatness, but emphasizes Grant's good
relationships with those he commanded, plus his bravery, tenacity and "habit of
exuding confidence." He depicts Grant as a brilliant commander -- from early
campaigns in Missouri and attacks on Forts Henry and Donaldson, to the risky
capture of Vicksburg, to the bloody battles around Petersburg, to the Wilderness
and the final all-out push against Lee that ended the war.

Through it all, Grant was never much good with money or politics, which haunted
his postwar career as president. In Mr. Brands' telling, however, Grant is seen
as a sincere man who came to care about enforcing African-American freedom and
who always did his best to ensure the stability of the U.S. government.

This shouldn't be the first or only book readers pick up about the Civil War and
Reconstruction; it does not attempt to provide enough context to understand
fully the war's causes or its progress. Mr. Brands' Reconstruction focus remains
too tight on Washington, D.C., to explain why Reconstruction fell apart by 1877.

But the author offers exciting prose and fresh perspective on Grant that will
make readers want to learn more.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Sarah J. Purcell is an associate professor of history and director of the
Rosenfield Program in Public Affairs, International Relations & Human Rights at
Grinnell College in Iowa. She is at work on a new book, "Spectacle of Grief: The
Politics of Mourning and the U.S. Civil War."/

GRAPHIC: DRAWING: Daniel Marsula/Post-Gazette:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                          FOCUS - 621 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                             March 7, 1999, Sunday

Grant's appeals to spirit of the law

BYLINE: Stan Arnaud

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 663 words


A MALT whisky takes almost as long to mature: two of Scotland's leading drinks
companies are fighting a seven-year legal battle over a name.

William Grant and Sons, which makes the highly popular Grant's scotch whisky, is
trying to stop Glen Catrine Bonded Warehouse from using the Grant's name for its
highly successful vodka.

Glen Catrine, whose vodka is second only to Smirnoff in UK sales, is equally set
on protecting the name it has used since the early 1970s.

William Grant scented victory in the dispute when, after 15 months of careful
consideration, a Court of Session judge last month indicated he would find in
its favour.

But Ayrshire-based Glen Catrine is already planning to appeal against the
judge's decision when the two sides are summoned before Lord Cameron of
Lochbroom to negotiate the details of the settlement of the case.

William Grant, distilling under the Grant's name in the Banffshire village of
Dufftown for more than 100 years, went to court in 1996 seeking an interdict to
prevent Glen Catrine from distilling, blending, bottling, labelling, packaging,
marketing, exporting, wholesaling or retailing gin, vodka or any other alcoholic
drink under the Grant's name. Glen Catrine was accused of passing off Grant's
vodka as part of the William Grant product range.

The action was the latest in a series of court skirmishes between the firms both
at home and abroad since 1992.

In addition to the Scottish actions, William Grant successfully challenged
importers of Glen Catrine Grant's brand spirits in Australia, Portugal, Greece
and Israel.

William Grant, which also makes the world-famous Glenfiddich malt, is among the
last independent family-owned and family-run Scotch whisky distillers suriving
in a drinks industry dominated by multinational firms. Protecting its status has
been one of the driving forces behind Grant's unrelenting legal pursuit of the
producer of its namesake.

David Grant, a director of William Grant and Sons, said: "We are one of the last
family businesses in the whisky distilling industry. For us this is has been
personal - not in the sense of us going against any one individual, but because
our name is on every bottle we produce."

He added: "The next step is the question of debating where this stops. We are
waiting to be called back to court and we want Glen Catrine to explain how it
will stop and when. We hope it will be as soon as possible. In the course of the
case, we went into great detail on the damage this has caused us."

Based in Mauchline, Ayrshire, Glen Catrine is part of a group that includes a
grain still, producing white spirits, and three malt distilleries. The company,
owned by Sandy Bullock, began using the Grant's brand on its vodka and gin after
buying out its competitor, John Grant, a Glasgow wine and spirit merchant in
1972.

Glen Catrine has denied trying to pass off its products as part of the William
Grant portfolio. At the outset of the latest court case, the company claimed
William Grant was concerned that the "competitive pricing" of Grant's vodka
would devalue the luxury branding of its own products.

Graham Taylor, managing director of Glen Catrine, admitted the company was in a
"state of turmoil" after Lord Cameron's statement of February 19 that he was
"minded to grant an interdict".

Taylor said: "This is hugely important for us. We work on the
pile-it-high-and-sell-it-cheap principle and it works if you can produce
something that is good quality. Even William Grant accepts that.

"We are now going to seek leave to take this to the Court of Appeal. I think we
have to appeal. After this length of time and everything that has happened, we
could not do anything else.

"For us, the worst scenario would be that we are not granted leave to appeal and
have to make some sort of change to our product. But I am extremely
optimistic..."

No date has been set for the next stage of the court action.


LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Newspapers Limited


                          FOCUS - 622 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 29, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Young Heavyweight Packing a Mean Jab

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY W. SMITH

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, May 28


Michael Grant never had a boxing idol when he was growing up. Never followed the
sport that much. Thought he would be a big star in the National Football League.

He kept thinking that way until he flunked out of Cal State-Fullerton.

"Girls, too much partying, doing things the wrong way," Grant said. "If I had
succeeded going that way, I would have been just another black man in the
N.F.L., making a lot of money and being ignorant."

Now, Grant, who is 6 feet 7 inches and 255 pounds, is at the head of a pack of
young heavyweights, including Chris Byrd, David Tua, Kirk Johnson, Hashim
Rahman, Ike Ibeabuchi and Shannon Briggs, all of whom are making a beeline for a
championship.

Grant (27-0, with 19 knockouts) will fight Obed Sullivan (29-2-1, with 20
knockouts) as the headliner on a night of young heavyweights at the Atlantic
City Convention Center on Saturday as part of HBO's "Boxing After Dark" series.
The show will begin at 11:15 P.M. with a 10-round bout between Chris Byrd (24-0)
and Eliecer Castillo (14-0, 10 knockouts).

For a fighter who did not take up the sport until he was 20, and who had only 12
amateur fights (11-1), Grant has come a long way in five years.

"He's one or two fights away from fighting anyone in the game," said Don Turner,
who trains Grant and Evander Holyfield, the World Boxing Association and
International Boxing Federation heavyweight champion, at the Main Street Gym in
Houston. "He's big, strong and fast. He has all the attributes to be one of the
all-time greats."

Grant has one of the greatest assets that a heavyweight can have: a strong jab.
It is so powerful that Holyfield noticed Grant was knocking opponents back so
far that he was taking them out of range for his next shot. Although he and
Holyfield train at different times, Grant said he was absorbing a lot of lessons
from Holyfield.

"Even though he is a three-time world champion, he's still obedient and
disciplined," Grant said. "He listens to Don Turner, and he gives him his
respect. He also has a lot of confidence in his ability. He's not afraid to go
out there and try something different. It's just a blessing to be able to work
with him."

Grant likes Holyfield so much that he has asked him to be a member of his
wedding party on Aug. 7. He has also asked Henry Akinwande, who fights Holyfield
on June 6 at Madison Square Garden, to be in the wedding. It should be some
wedding.

Grant's greatest ring test to date came in a fight against Jeff Wooden on March
14, 1997.

"I had diarrhea; I was so weak," Grant said. "He was trying to outwork me. So, I
said let me just go ahead and get him out of here."

Grant won a 10-round decision.

Grant, a Chicago native, has always been a superior athlete. He had a
90-mile-an-hour fastball at William Rainy Harper High School and was offered a
tryout with the Kansas City Royals. He turned down the offer, because he took a
scholarship to play football at Mount San Antonio, a community college near
Pomona, Calif. Grant played tight end and defensive end and ran the 40-yard dash
in 4.63 seconds. After a year at Mount San Antonio, Grant transferred to
Southwest Junior College,a school that Jets receiver Keyshawn Johnson had
initially tried to recruit him for. Grant stayed there for one semester and
transferred to California State at Fullerton, where he was a forward on the
basketball team.

Too much partying made Grant an academic casualty at Fullerton. On a trip to Las
Vegas, Nev., in 1992, Grant went to the heavyweight championship bout between
Holyfield and Riddick Bowe. He went to work out at the gym owned by the boxing
referee Richard Steele and he was hooked. Steele put him in touch with Jack
Mosley, the father and trainer of the lightweight champion Shane Mosley, in
Pomona. Grant was on his way to a career in boxing.

Boxing was also a way for Grant to help his mother, who worked in a factory
making Lifesavers and Baby Ruth candy bars. Grant said his mother has retired
now and is traveling with her church group.

Grant grew up singing in the church, and he still likes to play the piano and
sing. "I love Sam Cooke," he said. "And when I lower my voice, I can sing
Sinatra."

If Grant keeps moving on the same path, maybe he can win a world championship
and one day say, "I did it my way."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The heavyweight Michael Grant will fight Obed Sullivan tomorrow
in Atlantic City. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                          FOCUS - 623 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 16, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

HUSBAND SOUGHT IN ABDUCTION WOMAN, CHILDREN MISSING AFTER KILLING

BYLINE: Carolyn Bower Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 707 words


A woman who police suspect was abducted with her two children from south St.
Louis County feared her estranged husband, the woman's mother says.  ''My
daughter was always concerned about her safety,'' Janet Tessmer said Tuesday of
her daughter, Deborah Ann Grant. ''She was deathly afraid of him.'' Grant's
friend, Percy Garcia, was found Monday shot to death inside Grant's home at 126
Luxemburg Avenue in Lemay.  Police are seeking Grant's husband, Joseph Michael
''Mike'' Grant, in the murder and in the disappearance of his wife and sons.
Lt. John McCrady of the St. Louis County Police Department said: ''We believe
Debbie Grant and her two children are being held by force. We consider Mike
Grant armed and dangerous.'' Police have issued a nationwide bulletin to find
Mike Grant, 35, Debbie Grant, 31, and their sons, Michael ''Doodee'' Grant, 13,
and Christopher Grant, 9.  Authorities also are seeking Mike Grant's blue pickup
truck with large tires, a roll bar and reddish-brown primer on its left front.
McCrady said anyone with information about the Grants should call county police
at 889-2341 or 889-2400 or their local police department.  The Grants have been
married for 15 years. An older son, Stephen Ruder, 16, lives with the Tessmers.
Relatives said the couple had marital problems and had planned to meet with a
lawyer today to discuss a divorce.  Paul Tessmer described his son-in-law as
''domineering and demanding. . . .  He was totally obsessed with her.'' Janet
Tessmer said that Grant was a a foundry worker who has been out of work off and
on for several months. Tessmer said Grant was suspicious and watched his wife
closely. She had worked as a nurse's aide at The Edgewater nursing center in
south St. Louis and at Lutheran Hospital.  Debbie Grant left her husband and
children six weeks ago and went to Texas with Garcia, a 28-year-old nurse's aide
she had met at The Edgewater, Janet Tessmer said. Mike Grant got so mad he
destroyed his wife's clothes and some of her personal papers, Janet Tessmer
said. He also ordered Debbie Grant's oldest son, Stephen, out of the house.
When Debbie Grant and Garcia returned to South County three weeks ago, Debbie
Grant seemed happier and more outgoing, her parents said. She moved back into
her house and resumed care of her children.  The Tessmers last saw their
daughter and Garcia on Saturday when they spent the day together at a picnic.
Paul Tessmer called Garcia ''a beautiful person. He enjoyed life and I enjoyed
him. He liked kids and he loved my daughter. I believe she loved him.'' Janet
Tessmer said that Garcia told her he would take care of her daughter: ''Don't
worry. As long as I'm with Debbie I won't let anyone hurt her,'' Tessmer
recalled.  After what happened to Garcia, Janet Tessmer is frightened but
optimistic.  ''I just have this feeling Debbie's all right,'' she said. ''I have
to have that feeling.''

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOTS of Joseph Grant and Deborah Grant PHOTO
HEADSHOTS of Christopher Grant and Michael Grant (appears in 3* edition only)
PHOTO by Larry Williams/Post-Dispatch...Paul Tessmer working on his car engine
Tuesday while awaiting word on the safety of family members. Tessmer said he
needed something to do to keep his mind off the apparent abduction.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 624 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                January 31, 2004

Keep body and soul together with a maintenance grant

BYLINE: By BRIAN MOONEY

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; COLLEGE CHOICE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 876 words


For those who submitted a CAO application over recent days the question of cost
is a major consideration.

Various estimates have been made of how much it costs to attend college. It
depends on whether the student is living at home or in rented accommodation.

Due to the free fees scheme every undergraduate student is at least entitled to
free tuition once, for every year of a cert/diploma/degree programme.

But be aware that if students drop out of their first course and start another,
they will have to pay tuition fees.

These can range from a half-year's fee to the full amount depending on the
length of time the student spent on the initial course.

In addition to free tuition at undergraduate level, the principal support
available is a means-tested maintenance grant. Every year up to 35,000
prospective students apply for grants.

Depending on the course a student is pursuing they may be eligible for a grant
under one of the following schemes:

The higher education grants scheme, which applies to university degree courses.

Third-level maintenance grants scheme for trainees, which applies to most
certificate and diploma courses in the Institutes of Technology.

The vocational education committees scholarship scheme, which applies to add-on
degrees where students have already pursued certificate/diploma level courses.
It also applies to certain courses in Northern Ireland.

The Post Leaving Certificate (PLC) maintenance grants scheme. The higher
education grants scheme is administered by the local authorities (e.g. the local
councils).

The other three schemes are administered by the Vocational Education Committees.
Grant applications should be made to these bodies as appropriate.

In the past these applications only became available in June and July when
schools were closed and advice from guidance counsellors was not available.

The Department of Education has advised me that in future they hope application
forms can be made available to VECs and local authorities while students are
still in school. This should cut down on the high level of incorrectly completed
applications submitted, due to the apparent complexity of the form and the
difficulty obtaining the necessary documentation for the income assessment.

An application must meet the essential condition relating to means. There are of
course other conditions, including those relating to age, residence and
nationality.

How does the means test work? When you apply for a grant, the income that is
assessed must be at or below a certain amount (the "reckonable income"). For the
2003/2004 academic year, the reckonable income limits (based on income for the
tax-year 2002) are: -

If your family has less than four dependent children and parental income is less
than E40,000 a year, you will be able to qualify for a grant. There are
different thresholds for larger families, ranging from E35,165 to E47,720.

What is the rate of grant? Grants are paid at either of two rates: the
non-adjacent rate, where the grant holder's residence is more than 15 miles from
the college and the adjacent rate where the grant holder's residence is 15 miles
or less from the college. For 2003/04 the highest non-adjacent rate of grant is
E2,885. The highest adjacent rate of grant is E1,155. Lower rates of grant are
payable, depending on the reckonable income. Grant holders who satisfy certain
conditions may be eligible for what is known as a "top-up grant", an amount
additional to the ordinary grant. For 2003/2004 the non-adjacent, ordinary grant
plus the top-up has been increased to E 4,495 and the adjacent rate to E 1,800,
i.e. a "top-up" of E1,610 and E645 respectively.

The reckonable income limit for the "top-up grant" for the 2003/2004 academic
year is E13,760, all or part of which must be a social welfare or analogous
payment. You can get details of the grant schemes outlined above from the local
authorities and vocational education committees. The Department of Education and
Science website www.education.ie also has details.

In addition to the maintenance grant schemes, other supports are available
through the Fund for Students with Disabilities.

This fund provides grants for students who have serious sensory, physical and/or
communicative disabilities.

The aim is to provide those students with assistance and/or equipment to enable
them to pursue and complete their course of study. Applications for funding
should be made through a student's third-level institution. The fund is also
available to students pursuing PLC courses.

There is also the Student Assistance Fund (for Approved Third-Level
Institutions)

This fund assists students who, having started a course, experience financial
hardship. Each third-level institution administers the fund on a confidential,
discretionary basis.

The Millennium Partnership Fund for Disadvantage supports students from
disadvantaged areas attending further or higher education courses.

Partnership companies and community groups manage the fund locally. Information
on partnership/community groups can be obtained from Area Development Management
Ltd, 01-2400700.

Final column in the series.

You can e-mail Brian Mooney on bmooney(at)irish-times.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                          FOCUS - 625 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 24, 1989, Monday, City Edition

Gaining a mound of experience in Lacoochee // Mudcat Grant says hometown gave
major-league inspiration

BYLINE: ERIC T. PATE

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 817 words

DATELINE: DADE CITY



DADE CITY - Throughout his life, Jim "Mudcat" Grant has listened    and learned
plenty. And Grant, a former major-league pitcher for 14    years, isn't hesitant
to trace his teachings back to his hometown of    Lacoochee.

     "The best thing that happened to me may not necessarily be    becoming a
major-league player," said Grant, who spoke Friday at Pasco    Middle School in
Dade City and Pasco-Hernando Community College in    Brooksville. "But the old
Southern black discipline. . . . There was    always a code of discipline (in
the household), like going to school    every day, being a listener, doing daily
chores and just being    respectful."

      Grant, who now resides in Los Angeles, has wisdom, wit, and    eloquence,
which get him nearly 200 speaking engagements per year.

      At Pasco Middle School's honors tea in the school auditorium, his
speech stressed life's true problems such as drugs, AIDS and the lack    of
self-esteem. "Reputation," said Grant, in a high-pitched voice.    "Always keep
a good reputation, no matter what you do.

     "I don't ever get tired of this because I feed off the energy that    I get
speaking to people," added Grant. ". . . People from big cities    always ask me
why I smile so much. It's because I'm happy.

     "I may not necessarily be happy about kids dying from drugs, the    results
of high school dropouts or the number of young black men being    overtaken by
drugs, but as an individual, I'm happy with myself."

     As a major-league pitcher, Grant compiled a 145-119 record and and
several outstanding individual feats.

     In 1965, he became the first black American League pitcher ever to    win
20 or more games in a season (21-7 with the Minnesota Twins). His    24 saves
with Oakland and Pittsburgh in 1970 made him the first man to    ever earn 20
wins and 20 saves in a season. Since then, two men - the    Chicago White Sox's
Wilbur Wood and Dennis Eckersley of the Oakland A's    - have accomplished that
feat.

     While with the Twins in 1965, Grant also became the first black    pitcher
in the American League to win two World Series games.

     As a rookie with the Cleveland Indians in 1958, Grant was a    roommate of
Larry Doby. Doby broke the American League's color-barrier    in 1947, and was
the second black player in the major leagues.

     "It was heaven," said Grant, referring what he learned from    Doby's
tutelage. "He taught me a lot about pride and during that time,    it wasn't
easy being black and playing in the majors."

     Grant, who has been retired from baseball since 1972, has also    managed a
comfortable living away from the sport. He has been a color    commentator for
Cleveland, Oakland and most-recently Los Angeles. At    the 1984 Los Angeles
Summer Olympics, Grant was the assistant baseball    venue chairman and
currently handles sports matters for the National    Association for the
Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).

     Grant is the founder and chairman of the Black Golfers' Association
Tours, which he said he "started because of the lack of blacks on the    PGA
Tour."

     Nonetheless, Grant hasn't gotten too big for Lacoochee.

     Grant said he returns to his hometown at least six times a year,
sometimes twice in one month. He makes a point to stop and visit    several
friends, including Ethel Smith, who allowed Grant to listen to    Los Angeles
Dodgers games on the radio during his childhood.

     Grant also visits his many relatives, including his mother, Viola    Grant
-Brown.

     "I think the reason why he comes back is he hasn't forgotten how I
raised him," Grant-Brown said. "The reason why he's so successful is    that he
always has respected people."

     "Growing up there with my sisters, Katrina, Altamese and    Annabelle, and
my (younger brother) Julius, really helped because they    taught me a lot,"
Grant said. "Julius and I were the man-child. We    had to be the man-child.

     "No matter how many jobs I've had, I've always been independent    and my
family taught me that," Grant said. ". . . I think family love    is just worth
its weight in gold."

     Grant still smiles when he passes old Moore Academy High School in    Dade
City, where he graduated in 1953, after leading it to a state    championship.
Grant seems to glow with pride as he pulls out his Most    Valuable Athlete
trophy, which is on display at the Moore-Mickens    Vocational Center in Dade
City.

     It may be dusty and empty to some, but to Grant, there's no place    like
home.

     "I owe a lot to what I learned in Lacoochee," said Grant proudly.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES; PASCO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES; TAMPA

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Chuck
Wishels; Jim 'Mudcat' Grant poses with Dodgers right-hander Don Drysdale before
the '65 World Series opening game; Grant talks with Pasco Middle School students
about honor roll awards

                            Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 626 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

GAO: Cities in Fiscal Crisis Faced Challenges on Grants

BYLINE: Naomi Jagoda

SECTION: BUDGET & FINANCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 797  words


WASHINGTON - Municipalities in fiscal crisis faced diminished abilities to
manage federal grants because of workforce reductions, decreased financial
capacities and outdated information technologies, the U.S. Government
Accountability Office concluded in a report.

The report, released Friday, came after Rep. John Conyers and Sen. Gary Peters,
both Michigan Democrats, requested GAO to examine the oversight of federal
grants to municipalities in fiscal crisis.

GAO focused on four municipalities - Detroit and Flint in Michigan; Stockton,
Calif.; and Camden, N.J. - and eight grant programs that related to housing,
transportation and public safety. Officials with the office conducted site
visits to the four cities and reviewed grant oversight policies and actions for
fiscal years 2009 to 2013.

All four of the cities had workforce declines from 2009 to 2013, though the
effect of the reductions on grant management varied, according to the report.

In Detroit, Flint and Stockton, downsizing directly affected staffing
responsible for grant management and oversight. Detroit's Planning and
Development Department, which administers Community Development Block Grants and
HOME Investment Partnerships Program grants received by the city, lost more than
one third of its workforce between 2009 and 2013, the report said. This made it
hard for the remaining staff to carry out all of the grant compliance and
oversight tasks, Detroit officials told GAO.

Staff reductions due to fiscal crisis led to "grant management skills gaps" in
the Detroit, Flint and Stockton workforces, according to the report.Â  In
Detroit and Stockton, turnover in senior and mid-level staff particularly
created challenges. The skills shortages sometimes led to violations of grant
agreements or unspent grant money in Detroit and Flint, officials in those
cities told GAO.

Camden's Department of Planning and Development did not suffer as severe
staffing issues as its other departments, according to the report. Officials in
the city told GAO that this was because the Department of Housing and Urban
Development allows CDBG grantees to use some funds for planning and
administrative costs.

In Detroit and Stockton, a lack of investment in information technology made it
harder for the municipalities "to oversee and report on grants in an accurate
and timely way," GAO said.

Decreased financial capacity in Flint and Stockton reduced the cities' abilities
to apply for certain federal grants. Flint needed to postpone submitting an
application for a Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER)
grant for at least three years because the city had limited budgetary resources
and grant applications are evaluated in part by the level of local funds that
cities can contribute to the proposed project. And both Flint and Stockton
didn't apply for competitive federal grants with "maintenance of effort"
requirements because they couldn't guarantee that they could maintain their
non-federal funding levels, GAO said.

To improve their management of federal grants, Flint, Stockton and Detroit have
consolidated management processes, GAO said. Flint and Stockton have instituted
new grant application pre-approval processes for city departments. In 2014,
then-Detroit Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr directed the city's chief financial
officer to establish a central grant-management department.

Additionally, Detroit, Flint and Camden have collaborated with local nonprofit
organizations to apply for federal grants, helping them deal with limited
staffing, according to the report.

GAO reviewed eight federal grant programs and found that they "used, or had
recently implemented, a risk-based approach to grant monitoring and oversight,"
the report said. When grant program officials found deficiencies, they often
required grantees to take corrective actions, but the municipalities did not
always take these actions, GAO said.

A White House Working Group on Detroit and individual federal agencies took
steps to improve collaboration with municipalities in fiscal crisis. "These
actions included improving collaboration between selected municipalities and
federal agencies, providing flexibilities to help grantees meet grant
requirements, and offering direct technical assistance," GAO said.

However, federal agencies have not formally documented and shared the lessons
learned from the federal efforts to help Detroit. "If these lessons are not
captured in a timely manner, experiences from officials who have first-hand
knowledge may be lost," GAO said. The office recommends that the Office of
Management and Budget director require federal agencies involved in the Detroit
working group to collect good practices and lessons learned and share them with
other federal agencies and local governments.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 627 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

GAO: Cities in Fiscal Crisis Faced Challenges on Grants

BYLINE: Naomi Jagoda

SECTION: BUDGET & FINANCE Vol. 1 No. 34279

LENGTH: 797  words


WASHINGTON - Municipalities in fiscal crisis faced diminished abilities to
manage federal grants because of workforce reductions, decreased financial
capacities and outdated information technologies, the U.S. Government
Accountability Office concluded in a report.

The report, released Friday, came after Rep. John Conyers and Sen. Gary Peters,
both Michigan Democrats, requested GAO to examine the oversight of federal
grants to municipalities in fiscal crisis.

GAO focused on four municipalities - Detroit and Flint in Michigan; Stockton,
Calif.; and Camden, N.J. - and eight grant programs that related to housing,
transportation and public safety. Officials with the office conducted site
visits to the four cities and reviewed grant oversight policies and actions for
fiscal years 2009 to 2013.

All four of the cities had workforce declines from 2009 to 2013, though the
effect of the reductions on grant management varied, according to the report.

In Detroit, Flint and Stockton, downsizing directly affected staffing
responsible for grant management and oversight. Detroit's Planning and
Development Department, which administers Community Development Block Grants and
HOME Investment Partnerships Program grants received by the city, lost more than
one third of its workforce between 2009 and 2013, the report said. This made it
hard for the remaining staff to carry out all of the grant compliance and
oversight tasks, Detroit officials told GAO.

Staff reductions due to fiscal crisis led to "grant management skills gaps" in
the Detroit, Flint and Stockton workforces, according to the report.Â  In
Detroit and Stockton, turnover in senior and mid-level staff particularly
created challenges. The skills shortages sometimes led to violations of grant
agreements or unspent grant money in Detroit and Flint, officials in those
cities told GAO.

Camden's Department of Planning and Development did not suffer as severe
staffing issues as its other departments, according to the report. Officials in
the city told GAO that this was because the Department of Housing and Urban
Development allows CDBG grantees to use some funds for planning and
administrative costs.

In Detroit and Stockton, a lack of investment in information technology made it
harder for the municipalities "to oversee and report on grants in an accurate
and timely way," GAO said.

Decreased financial capacity in Flint and Stockton reduced the cities' abilities
to apply for certain federal grants. Flint needed to postpone submitting an
application for a Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER)
grant for at least three years because the city had limited budgetary resources
and grant applications are evaluated in part by the level of local funds that
cities can contribute to the proposed project. And both Flint and Stockton
didn't apply for competitive federal grants with "maintenance of effort"
requirements because they couldn't guarantee that they could maintain their
non-federal funding levels, GAO said.

To improve their management of federal grants, Flint, Stockton and Detroit have
consolidated management processes, GAO said. Flint and Stockton have instituted
new grant application pre-approval processes for city departments. In 2014,
then-Detroit Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr directed the city's chief financial
officer to establish a central grant-management department.

Additionally, Detroit, Flint and Camden have collaborated with local nonprofit
organizations to apply for federal grants, helping them deal with limited
staffing, according to the report.

GAO reviewed eight federal grant programs and found that they "used, or had
recently implemented, a risk-based approach to grant monitoring and oversight,"
the report said. When grant program officials found deficiencies, they often
required grantees to take corrective actions, but the municipalities did not
always take these actions, GAO said.

A White House Working Group on Detroit and individual federal agencies took
steps to improve collaboration with municipalities in fiscal crisis. "These
actions included improving collaboration between selected municipalities and
federal agencies, providing flexibilities to help grantees meet grant
requirements, and offering direct technical assistance," GAO said.

However, federal agencies have not formally documented and shared the lessons
learned from the federal efforts to help Detroit. "If these lessons are not
captured in a timely manner, experiences from officials who have first-hand
knowledge may be lost," GAO said. The office recommends that the Office of
Management and Budget director require federal agencies involved in the Detroit
working group to collect good practices and lessons learned and share them with
other federal agencies and local governments.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 628 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              July 31, 2006 Monday

A place in baseball history

BYLINE: By Derek Gentile, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 690 words


WILLIAMSTOWN -- Yesterday, Ulysses Franklin "Frank" Grant stepped out of the
shadows of segregated baseball and took his rightful place among the greats of
the Baseball Hall of Fame -- more than 110 summers after he was forced to endure
verbal taunts and cruel treatment at the hands of ignorant, racist fans.

Those fans are all gone. Grant will be remembered for as long as the Hall of
Fame exists. Grant and 16 other African-American baseball pioneers from the turn
of the 20th century were formally inducted into the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown,
N.Y., yesterday. Also inducted was National League relief pitcher Bruce Sutter.

Grant had no children, but several relatives were in Cooperstown yesterday to
honor him. Accepting his plaque was his grandniece, Marion Grant Royston of
Williamstown. Meanwhile, town officials here are planning an official
Recognition Day for Grant sometime in August. Town Manager Peter Fohlin said the
details are still being worked out, but that Selectman Jack Madden will be
coordinating the event.

The event will include a recognition of Grant's boyhood home on Spring Street,
which was identified by Negro League historian James Overmyer of Lenox in the
course of his research on Grant.

Player stats
Name: Ulysses Franklin "Frank" Grant Born: Aug. 1, 1865, in Pittsfield Died:
May 27, 1937, in New York Playing Career: 1886 to 1903 Played for: Meriden,
Conn.; Buffalo Bisons; Harrisburg Ponies; Cuban X-Giants; Philadelphia Giants;
New York Big Gorhams -- National Baseball Hall of Fame


Grant was born in Pittsfield in 1865, but his family moved to Williamstown in
1870, soon after Grant's father died. The Grants were farmers in Pittsfield, but
upon their move to Williamstown, some members of the family, including Frank
Grant, gained employment with Williams College professor Arthur L. Perry.

Frank and his brother Clarence would both go on to careers in baseball, with
Clarence playing for several semipro teams. Frank Grant got his start playing in
the sandlots of Williamstown. In fact, the Grants, as well as another future
star, Bob Pettit, formed what must surely have been one of the great sandlot
teams of that era, the Rough-and-Readys. Frank Grant played with integrated
teams for most of his early career. Pettit, it has been theorized, also may have
helped get Grant a job in 1886 as a pitcher and infielder for the Meriden
Resolutes, a minor league team in Connecticut.

When the Resolutes folded, Grant was signed by Buffalo of the International
League. Grant was a star in that league, hitting well over .300, socking
extra-base hits with great frequency and blasting home runs, enough to lead the
league in 1887. But that is where the problems began. Although Grant was a huge
fan favorite in Buffalo, some teammates and many opponents were opposed to a
black man in a predominantly white league. By now the best second baseman in the
league, he was getting spiked so often that he began wearing wooden shin guards
to protect himself.

Eventually, the International League and the rest of minor league baseball
barred Grant and his fellow blacks from playing, forcing them to compete on
segregated teams. At 5 feet 7 1/2 inches, the muscular Grant was a feared
leadoff hitter, not unlike his fellow Hall of Famer Joe Morgan. Statistics from
that era are scarce, but Grant's career batting average from games that could be
cataloged was .337.

He played on several dominant African-American teams of his era, including the
New York Big Gorhams, which compiled a record of 100-4 in 1891; the Cuban
X-Giants and the Philadelphia Giants. Although Grant eventually moved to New
York City, he visited Williamstown from time to time. For a few years, the
X-Giants would visit Williamstown and play the Williams College varsity in a
spring exhibition game that would draw hundreds.

Grant is said to have retired in 1903, but records show that he played baseball
until he was in his 40s. In 1910, at age 45, he listed his occupation as
"baseball player" in the New York City census. He died in 1937 and was buried in
an unmarked grave in New Jersey. In 1946, he was named to the Buffalo Sports
Hall of Fame.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marion Grant Royston, right, the great grand-niece of Negro League
player "Frank" Grant, accepts the plaque from Jane Forbes Clark, chairman of the
Baseball Hall of Fame on Sunday at the Baseball Hall of Fame Induction in
Cooperstown, N.Y. (AP Photo/ Jim McKnight)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 629 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                             March 16, 2009 Monday
                                Nuneaton Edition

Changes to ITB grants

BYLINE: COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 584 words


THE future of the CITB-Construction Skills Grants Scheme has been secured, after
the industry-led board opted to make changes that will ensure the Industry
Training Board can continue to provide financial help and support to employers
during the economic uncertainty.

Last year, pounds 176 million was paid out to 23,500 construction firms in
grants, to support training and help to improve the competitiveness of their
business.

A record number of claims resulted in the initial forecasts of grants being
exceeded by pounds 20 million.

While this is good news for the skills of the industry, it has prompted a review
of the grants scheme by CITB-Construction-Skills and its sub-committees to
ensure that it can continue to support business-critical training as the
recession deepens.

The grants scheme is underpinned by a levy, which the government asks
CITB-Construction-Skills to raise on employers. This system has the majority
support of industry as the best way of maintaining standards within the
industry.

However, with levy income expected to fall below original predictions in
2009/10, the CITB-ConstructionSkills board was forced to make tough decisions
and prioritise those grants that best meet the industry's training requirements.

Core grants for apprenticeships and new entrants remain unchanged and
CITB-Construction-Skills has promised to protect these from any further reviews
of the scheme that may be necessary according to economic conditions.

A number of grants have been affected by the changes to the scheme. These
include:

Reduction of the technical and professional achievement grant from pounds 1,000
to pounds 500.

Removal of the Investors in People grant - although existing plans will be
honoured and companies who have already committed can apply to receive an
Investors in People grant until July 31, 2010 (total of pounds 5,000).

Removal of the on-site assessment and training profiling grant (pounds 100).

The limit for short duration grants will be reduced from pounds 10,000 to pounds
5,000 per annum.

Removal of the health and safety test grant (pounds 17.50). Health and safety
training will continue to be supported through the training and development plan
and short duration routes.

Reduction in the supplementary payment rates for grants - with the exception of
apprentice and new entrant grants from 25 per cent to 20 per cent.

Removal of grant for the CIOB site management and first line supervisor modules
(pounds 250 per module).

The changes, which take effect from August 1, 2009, were made following
extensive consultation with employers and industry.

Chris Jones, learning and development director at BAM Construct UK Ltd and
chairman of the grants scheme working party and member of the training
committee, said: "The record numbers of grant claims for 2008 means that we
needed to take a serious look at the grants that we can provide.

"It is crucial that we continue to provide grants for apprenticeships and for
new entrants because we cannot afford to create skills shortages within the
industry.

"We need to be ready for an upturn when it happens and these changes have
secured the grants scheme, which is good news for the industry."

Mark Farrar, chief executive of Construction Skills, added: "By making these
necessary changes, we are guaranteeing help and support for businesses and we
will continue to provide grants that will help steer the industry through these
difficult times."

For more information on CITB Construction Skills grants, visit www.cskills.org/
grants

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 630 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Delaware: Windswept Grant Program

LENGTH: 731  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


West Street, Maryland  has issued the following news release:

The Clean Energy Grant Program for wind, entitled Windswept, offers Maryland
residents, businesses and non-profits the opportunity to install and manage
their own wind energy systems. The program is designed to help satisfy
Maryland's Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS), requiring 20 percent of
Maryland's Electricity be generated from renewable energy sources by 2022.

Windswept funds are available through the Residential Clean Energy Grant Program
for homeowners and Commercial Clean Energy Grant Program for businesses,
non-profits, and government entities.

MEA is now accepting applications for the second round of its Community
Windswept Grant Program. This program expands on the original Windswept Grant by
raising the Windsweptcap from $100,000 to $1,000,000 for a limited number of
projects, selected on a competitive basis. Applications for this program are due
by December 22, 2014.
Quick Links

Community Windswept Notice of Grant Availability
    Residential Clean Energy Grant Program
    Commercial Clean Energy Grant Program
    Guidelines for Calculation
    Sample Grant Calculations
    Program Notes
    Additional Information

Guidelines for Calculations

Windswept grants are calculated based on expected turbine performance at 11
meters per second (approx. 25 miles per hour) and are scheduled as follows:

Windswept Grant Program

$3,000 per kilowatt of normalized capacity (normalized system capacity rated at
wind speeds of 11 m/s)
    Grant allocation not to exceed $100,000, in total

Community Windswept Grant Program

Lesser of either $3,000/kilowatt or 50% of the grantees' (net) cost after
consideration of all other incentives
    Up to $1 M in FY 15, subject to funding availability

back to top
Sample Grant Calculations

Grant calculations for some common small wind turbines that have already been
installed in Maryland are listed below:
Turbine Manufacturer/ Name  Normalized capacity at 11m/s  Grant Calculation
Bergey Windpower Excel 10  8.9 kW  $26,700
Endurance Windpower S-250  4.3 kW  $12,900
Endurance Windpower S-343  5.3 kW  $15,900
Endurance 50kW 49  49 kW  $100,000
Gaia GW133-11 kW  14.15 kW  $42,450
Potomac Wind Energy American Classic 6kW  5.1 kW  $15,300
Southwest Windpower Skystream 3.7  2.2 kW  $6,600
Wind Turbine Industries Jacobs Model 31-20  17.5 kW  $52,500
XZERES ARE 442  10 kW  $30,000

back to top
Program Notes

Windswept:

Wind turbine systems up to 750 kW are eligible for a Windswept grant.
    Eligible systems must be listed above or listed on either the Interstate
Turbine Advisory Council (ITAC) Unified List of Wind Turbines or the Small Wind
Certification Council list of certified turbines. Those lists can be found here:


http://www.cesa.org/projects/ITAC/itac-unified-list-of-wind-turbines/
                http://smallwindcertification.org/certified-small-turbines/
    Windswept grants are available to cover a maximum of 50% of the net cost of
installation. Net cost is calculated as the installation cost reduced by
federal, county or local grants or tax credits.
    Grants are allocated on a per-property basis. Multiple grants will not be
issued for multiple turbines on the same property


Community Windswept FY 15:

Application deadline is December 22, 2014.
    Community-scale projects, ranging in size from 50kW to 1.5mW, are eligible.

    Only net-metering projects are eligible for consideration.
    Awards will not be made to projects that start construction prior to the
effective date of the Grant Agreement with MEA.
    Please see the Notice of Grant Availability for more detailed information.

back to top
Community Windswept Documents

The Community Windswept Program is administered under the Commercial Clean
Energy Grant Program, When applying please utilize the following documents:

Community Wind Notice of Grant Availability
    Community Windswept Application Form
    Community Windswept Consent for MEA Staff to Enter Property Form
    Community Wind Completion Certificate
    Community Windswept Sample Grant Agreement

Trouble viewing PDF documents? Try the following: Right-click on the file link
and select 'Save Link As' to download directly to your machine OR use Internet
Explorer version 9x or later.

In the case of query regarding or other contact needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediaslutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 631 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday

Budget 2012-13: Rs 56 billion set aside for special grants to provinces

BYLINE:  RIZWAN BHATTI

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 156

LENGTH: 547  words


The federal government has allocated some Rs 56 billion, slightly up by about 4
percent as compared to revised budget of 2011-12 (FY12), on account of special
grants to provinces during the next fiscal year 2012-13 (FY13). Sources in
Ministry of Finance told Business Recorder on Monday that the federal government
has decided to revise funds provided under the special grants to provinces as
well as grant-in-aid to Gilgit Baltistan for FY13.

Special grants for provinces rose by 4 percent for next fiscal year as compared
to revised budget for this fiscal year. Overall, some Rs 55.739 billion has been
allocated to provinces (Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhawa and Balochistan) under
grants for FY13 compared with Rs 53.915 billion of revised budget estimates of
this fiscal year, depicting an increase of Rs 1.82 billion. Under the actual
budget estimates of FY12, some Rs 54.88 billion were allocated under this head.

Among four provinces, Khyber Pakhtunkhawa will get highest amount of funds,
while Punjab will get lowest amount under special grants. Sources said this
grant will be a part of net transfers to provinces and directly transferred into
the accounts of four provinces.

As per budget FY13 estimates, special grant to Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhawa
will remain equal to that of this fiscal year, while special grant to
Balochistan has been slightly reduced and Sindh is the single province, which
special grant has increased by some Rs 2 billion for the next fiscal year as
compared to a revised budget for this fiscal year.

A special grant of Rs 5.166 billion has been allocated to Punjab for FY13. It is
equal to grant of current fiscal year, however it has been reduced by Rs 3
million as compared with revised budgeted allocation of Rs 5.169 billion of
ongoing fiscal year.

The federal government has decided to increase special grant for Sindh by 27
percent or Rs 2 billion for next fiscal year as compared to revised estimates of
current fiscal year. Now, Sindh will get Rs 9 billion from federal government
during FY13 on account of special grants from Rs 7 billion of revised estimate
and Rs 7.9 billion of actual allocation for FY12.

Balochistan's special grant has been slashed by Rs 174 million to Rs 16.573
billion for FY13. Previously, in the budget 2012 the grant was estimated at Rs
16.744 billion, while under the revised budgeted estimates, it stood at Rs
16.747 billion in FY12. In addition, among four provinces, Khyber Pakhtunkhawa
will get highest amount of special grant of Rs 25 billion in next fiscal year.
This is equal to this fiscal year's grant. Besides, four provinces some Rs 27.5
billion grant has been allocated to the AJK and Gilgit Baltistan.

Grants for AJK have been reduced by 26 percent, while Gilgit Baltistan's grants
have been increased by some 100 percent for next fiscal year. According to
budget estimates during FY13, grants to AJK have been reduced to Rs 11 billion
for FY13 compared with Rs 15 billion allocated for this fiscal year. As per
revised estimates grants to AJK will be Rs 13.621 billion by end of June 2012.
Similarly, an amount of Rs 16.5 billion has been allocated to Gilgit Baltistan
on account of grant-in-aid. As per current year's estimates it was Rs 8.164
billion and under revised budget it stood at Rs 13 billion.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 632 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                          February 16, 2005 Wednesday

Judge denies order sought in Grant case

BYLINE: J.M. BROWN, Times-Herald staff writer

SECTION: TODAY'S NEWS

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: FAIRFIELD


http://media.mnginteractive.com

Donna Grant, the wife of a slain Vallejo businessman, lost her bid Tuesday for a
restraining order against her stepson, who testified he believes the widow is
hiding information about his prominent father's killing.

In her first public remarks since Vallejo Glass Co. owner George Grant was shot
to death in their Green Valley home May 30, Donna Grant told a judge she was
afraid her stepson, Brandon Grant, might harm her. She asked that he not come
within 100 yards of her or her 16-year-old daughter, his half-sister.

"If he got angry enough," he could become violent, Donna Grant said about her
23-year-old stepson. She cited the young's man admitted former gang affiliation
and physical fights he had got into with his father.

"I know Brandon's temper - I've seen it," she said.

Judge Cynda Riggins Unger denied the request, however, saying there was no
evidence the widow was in physical danger. The judge said Brandon Grant had not
harassed his stepmother since a Jan. 20 shouting match between the two.

Donna Grant and her attorney, Tim Pori, declined comment outside court.

Brandon Grant told the Times-Herald he had "no problem" staying away from Donna
Grant, but he objected to the restraining order because he wants to see his
half-sister. "She's taking my relationship with my sister away from me," he
said, tearfully repeating the plea before the judge.

George Grant was shot twice in the head and neck in his upstairs bedroom early
on the morning of May 30. Donna Grant told police she was downstairs drinking
tea when she heard gunshots and hid in a kitchen closet as someone left the
house.

Solano County sheriff's investigators have said Donna Grant is not cooperating
with them and cannot be ruled out as a suspect.

In court, Brandon Grant, George Grant's son from a previous marriage, testified
that he doesn't know if his stepmother was involved in the homicide, but he
accused her of withholding information from authorities.

He also accused his stepmother of filing for the restraining order just to keep
him away from probate court, where he and other relatives were trying to keep
her from gaining control of her husband's estate. A judge named Donna Grant
executor of the state on Feb. 2.

Donna Grant did not respond in court to her stepson's allegations and made no
remarks about her husband's death. She did recall in detail the Jan. 20 showdown
that led her to seek the restraining order.

She testified that she told Brandon Grant during a phone conversation that day
that she didn't want to see him. About 15 minutes later, he showed up at the
glass company, which she now owns, and began swearing at her, she said.

He pointed his fingers at her in the shape of a gun and said, "Eye for an eye,
b----," she testified. She said he also accused her of profiting from her
husband's death.

Gina Leigh, a glass company employee, corroborated the widow's story, testifying
that Brandon Grant demanded that Leigh "put the b---- on the phone that killed
my dad." When he arrived after the phone call, he pointed his fingers like a
gun, Leigh said.

Leigh said she feared for Donna Grant's safety. "I'm not sure anymore what
[anyone's] capable of doing," she said.

Brandon Grant, who represented himself in court, admitted to cursing at his
stepmother on Jan. 20, but he did not admit using a shooting gesture. He said
Donna Grant also swore at him that day.

He admitted in court he was once in a gang, later telling the Times-Herald he
got out in 1998.

The judge ruled that Donna and Brandon Grant had traded obscenities on Jan. 20
but that no violence or harassment had taken place since. She warned them,
however, that her ruling was "no license to behave badly in the future."

- E-mail J.M. Brown at jmbrown@thnewsnet.comor call 553-6834.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Donna Grant, the businessmans widow, appears Tuesday in Judge Cynda
Ungers court in Fairfield. Photo: David Pacheco/Times-Herald

                        Copyright 2005 The Times-Herald


                          FOCUS - 633 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday

CATS seeks public input;
Transit Board to hold public hearing to discuss use of federal funding;
GREENE COUNTY

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: BEAVERCREEK FAIRBORN AND XENIA; Pg. RF1

LENGTH: 502 words


The Greene County Transit Board is requesting residents' feedback and comments
on Greene CATS proposed use of federal funding.

The list of proposed new and amended uses will be discussed at a public hearing
from 7 to 8 p.m. March 26 at 571 Ledbetter Road in Xenia. Written or oral
comments may be submitted before or during the meeting to Executive Director
Rich Schultze by calling (937) 562-6463, by fax at (937) 562-6460 or email at
rschultze@ co.greene.oh.us by 4 p.m. March 27. The proposed projects, in summary
form, for the proposed amended and new uses of FTA funds, with the date and
amount of FTA funds to be used:

FY 2008 FTA formula grant No. OH-90-X630 (revised grant): Add capital cost of
contracting in 2012 at $136,099 by moving same from 2011.

FY 2010 FTA formula grant No. OH-90-X725 (revised grant): Change capital cost of
contracting in 2012 from $505,498 to $363,672; add replacement of approximately
6.1 wheelchair-accessible light transit vehicles in 2012 at $322,882 and
approximately 4.5 wheelchair accessible light transit vehicles in 2013 at
$251,326.

FY 2009 FTA ARRA grant No. OH-96-X003 (revised grant): Add replacement of
approximately 1.9 wheelchair-accessible light transit vehicles in 2012 at
$124,597, since the first set of vehicles purchased came in at a lower unit
cost, freeing up funding for additional vehicle replacement.

FY 2011 FTA formula grant No. OH-90-X726 (new grant): Replace approximately 4.2
wheelchair accessible light transit vehicles in 2013 at $234,748; capital cost
of contracting in 2013 at $808,944; planning in 2013 at $150,623;
safety/security items in 2012 at $12,187; transportation enhancement items in
2012 at $12,187; total grant $1,218,689

FY 2010 FTA Job Access/ Reverse Commute grant No. OH-37-X090 (new grant):
Continue the Mobility Management functions for another 2 years, with this grant
line item of $58,644 beginning in late 2012 or early 2013; this grant pairs with
New Freedom grant No. OH-57-X051; local match is 20 percent; total grant $58,644

FY 2010 FTA New Freedom grant No. OH-57-X051 (new grant): Continue the Mobility
Management functions for another 2 years, with this grant line item of $58,644
beginning in late 2012 or early 2013; this grant pairs with JARC grant No.
OH-37-X090; local match is 20 percent; continue the weekday outings for the
consumers at the Greene County Board of Developmental Disabilities for another 2
years, with this grant line item of $3,400 beginning in 2012; local match is 50
percent provided by GCBDD; total grant $62,044

FY 2010 FTA Job Access/Reverse Commute grant No. OH-37-X085 (new grant): In
conjunction with local community action council, OSU extension services and
other agencies, working with low-income families to provide small loans (to get
their cars running) and household financial management training in order to
provide the families with better access to jobs and job training; beginning in
mid-2012 for 2 years; local match is 50 percent, provided by Greene CATS; total
grant is $58,644.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 634 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday

CATS seeks public input;
Transit Board to hold public hearing to discuss use of federal funding;
GREENE COUNTY

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: BELLBROOK & SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE1

LENGTH: 502 words


The Greene County Transit Board is requesting residents' feedback and comments
on Greene CATS proposed use of federal funding.

The list of proposed new and amended uses will be discussed at a public hearing
from 7 to 8 p.m. March 26 at 571 Ledbetter Road in Xenia. Written or oral
comments may be submitted before or during the meeting to Executive Director
Rich Schultze by calling (937) 562-6463, by fax at (937) 562-6460 or email at
rschultze@ co.greene.oh.us by 4 p.m. March 27. The proposed projects, in summary
form, for the proposed amended and new uses of FTA funds, with the date and
amount of FTA funds to be used:

FY 2008 FTA formula grant No. OH-90-X630 (revised grant): Add capital cost of
contracting in 2012 at $136,099 by moving same from 2011.

FY 2010 FTA formula grant No. OH-90-X725 (revised grant): Change capital cost of
contracting in 2012 from $505,498 to $363,672; add replacement of approximately
6.1 wheelchair-accessible light transit vehicles in 2012 at $322,882 and
approximately 4.5 wheelchair accessible light transit vehicles in 2013 at
$251,326.

FY 2009 FTA ARRA grant No. OH-96-X003 (revised grant): Add replacement of
approximately 1.9 wheelchair-accessible light transit vehicles in 2012 at
$124,597, since the first set of vehicles purchased came in at a lower unit
cost, freeing up funding for additional vehicle replacement.

FY 2011 FTA formula grant No. OH-90-X726 (new grant): Replace approximately 4.2
wheelchair accessible light transit vehicles in 2013 at $234,748; capital cost
of contracting in 2013 at $808,944; planning in 2013 at $150,623;
safety/security items in 2012 at $12,187; transportation enhancement items in
2012 at $12,187; total grant $1,218,689

FY 2010 FTA Job Access/ Reverse Commute grant No. OH-37-X090 (new grant):
Continue the Mobility Management functions for another 2 years, with this grant
line item of $58,644 beginning in late 2012 or early 2013; this grant pairs with
New Freedom grant No. OH-57-X051; local match is 20 percent; total grant $58,644

FY 2010 FTA New Freedom grant No. OH-57-X051 (new grant): Continue the Mobility
Management functions for another 2 years, with this grant line item of $58,644
beginning in late 2012 or early 2013; this grant pairs with JARC grant No.
OH-37-X090; local match is 20 percent; continue the weekday outings for the
consumers at the Greene County Board of Developmental Disabilities for another 2
years, with this grant line item of $3,400 beginning in 2012; local match is 50
percent provided by GCBDD; total grant $62,044

FY 2010 FTA Job Access/Reverse Commute grant No. OH-37-X085 (new grant): In
conjunction with local community action council, OSU extension services and
other agencies, working with low-income families to provide small loans (to get
their cars running) and household financial management training in order to
provide the families with better access to jobs and job training; beginning in
mid-2012 for 2 years; local match is 50 percent, provided by Greene CATS; total
grant is $58,644.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 635 of 866 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                               February 24, 2017

                        Grant Thornton International Ltd

             Grant Thornton House 22, Melton Street, Euston Square
                                 London NW1 2EP
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, Grant Thornton selected Daejoo Accounting Corporation to its member
firm operations in Korea.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In January, the company's subsidiary Grant Thornton UK LLP acquired Recovery
Cost Auditing Group (RCAG), a cost auditing firm.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In July, Grant Thornton Cyprus merged with Mouzouris & Polyviou Ltd.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In July, The audit, tax and advisory practice which formerly traded as KPMG
Cairns merged with Grant Thornton Australia, increasing both its services and
geographical coverage of Northern Australia.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In July, the company completed the acquisition of Local Futures Group, the
UK; Horwich Rossiter in Halifax Haley in Novia Scotia; and Lemire Morin Tremblay
in Gatineau.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company merged its business in the Isle of Man with BDO to create the
island's largest accounting and audit services provider.

2013 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Grant Thornton LLP acquired the Oracle consulting business of MarketSphere
LLC.

2012 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In January, Grant Thornton Netherlands merged with ESJ, a leading Dutch
accounting and tax consulting firm.

2012 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In July, the company's Grant Thornton Poland acquired FPA Group Ltd, leading
Polish outsourcing company specialised in accounting, payroll and human
resource.

2012 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In February, the company established a new firm in the Baltic States and
Belarus.

2012 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In January, the company appointed a new member firm in Kenya, VKM Kenya.

2012 - Others

   In September, the company announced departure of its firm in Belgium which
was acquired by Ernst & Young locally.

2011 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In December, the company announced the merger of its member company in Russia
with Rosexpertiza, a leading Russian company.

2010 - Corporate Awards

   In December, the company announced that has been named one among the 12
companies to receive new coveted H-Share licence.

2008 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Grant Thornton Ireland merged with Foster McAteer.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company appointed a new member firm, Grant Thornton Zhonghua in mainland
China and merged its present representative firm, Grant Thornton China CPA
Limited with Grant Thornton Zhonghua.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company expanded its presence in Latin America with appointment of
Acevedo & Asociados as its member firm in Bolivia.

2007 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company expanded its member firm in Hong Kong by adding partners and
staff of Moores Rowland, the Hong Kong member of Moores Rowland International.

2007 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company added Audihispana as its new member firm in Spain in February.

2006 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Grant Thornton LLP (the US member firm of Grant Thornton International)
acquired Stout Risius Ross.

2005 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Grant Thornton ASG (an authorized audit corporation of Grant Thornton Japan)
and Taiyo Audit Corporation signed a merger deal to form Grant Thornton Taiyo
ASG.

2004 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company terminated its relationship with member firm Grant Thornton in
Italy, following the Parmalat collapse.

2003 - New Products/Services

   The company launched an online international benchmarking service.

2002 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company expanded its US branch by adding 38 Andersen partners and 330
staff.

2000 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into a partnership with VeriSign.

1990 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company expanded its presence in Asia, Europe, Africa, and Latin America.


1986 - Others

   The company merged with the UK based accounting firm, Thornton Baker to form
Grant Thornton.

1980 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Grant joined with 49 other international accounting firms to form Grant
Thornton International.

1969 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Alexander Grant & Company joined with firms from Australia, Canada, and the
UK and established Alexander Grant Tansley Witt.

1950 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The firm expanded internationally during 1950s.

1924 - Incorporation/Establishment

   Grant Thornton was established as Alexander Grant & Company.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                          FOCUS - 636 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Oscar Grant's father testifies

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley mfraley@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 688 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- The father of Oscar Grant III testified Tuesday that he
believes his son was intentionally killed at the Fruitvale BART station and he
wants monetary damages, in part, to provide for his granddaughter.

"The man was killed in cold blood: No ifs, ands or buts about it," said Oscar
Grant Jr., testifying for the first time about his son's slaying.

Grant Jr. is suing former BART officer Johannes Mehserle for fatally shooting
22-year-old Oscar Grant III on New Year's Day 2009.

"I don't care how they say it, it was not an accident," said Grant Jr., 50."They
took the most precious thing in the world to me -- my only child."Mehserle, who
has repeatedly testified that he meant to use a Taser instead of a gun on the
Hayward man, was acquitted of murder and convicted of involuntary manslaughter
for the shooting on the Fruitvale BART station platform.

The incident was caught by cell phone video cameras and sparked protests and
riots before inspiring the motion picture, "Fruitvale Station."

When the civil trial closes Friday, Mehserle attorney Michael Rains is expected
to argue Grant Jr. is not entitled to damages because he deprived himself of a
relationship with his son. The elder Grant was convicted of an 1985 Oakland
murder and spent his late son's entire life behind bars.

The jury knows Grant Jr., 50, is serving time in Solano state prison but has
been forbidden from hearing the details of his criminal record as well as Grant
III's arrests and convictions before his death.

Grant Jr.'s leg shackles could be heard rattling Tuesday as he walked to and
from the witness stand dressed in a gray suit, blue shirt and multicolored tie.

After showing the jury a photo of himself dressed in prison blues and holding a
baby Oscar at Folsom State Prison, he described a long and close relationship
with his son facilitated through prison visits, letters and phone calls.

The elder Grant said he and his son had plans for when he was paroled: sports
games, barbecues, family reunions and quiet times with Grant III's daughter
Tatiana, now nearly 10.

Grant Jr. said he filed the lawsuit out of a respect for his son because he
wants to help take care of Tatiana and because he wants the chance to pay
restitution for his own crimes.

"I've already paid for my crime. I'd like to give back to the community," said
Grant Jr., who according to a trial brief filed by his lawyer expects to be
paroled in the next couple years after four prior denials by the state parole
board.

Grant Jr. became combative when Rains questioned the depth of his relationship
with his son by asking if he knew the names of the schools Grant III attended,
whether he played high school sports, knew his daughter's birthday, his friend's
names or whether he had a job or a cell phone.

Grant Jr. could not answer many of the questions and Rains was quick to point
out any answers that differed from those Grant Jr. gave during a 2010
deposition.

If Grant Jr. was so eager to get out of prison to be with his son, Rains asked,
why did he keep getting in trouble in prison for offenses like drug possession
over the years?

"What does my prison record have to do with your officer killing my son,
shooting my son in the back?" Grant Jr. asked angrily.

Grant Jr. said Grant III last visited him in prison in 2002. He last spoke to
his son three days before his Jan. 1, 2009 death.

"I told him, if you decide you wanna drink, don't drive your car. Catch the bus
or ride the BART," Grant Jr. said.

Earlier in the day, jurors heard testimony from Terry Foreman, Mehserle's
support officer after the shooting, who described how Mehserle's first child was
born on the same day Grant III was killed.

"I took a life and I brought a life into this world," Foreman quoted a
distraught Mehserle saying at the hospital.

Grant Jr. testified he doesn't have anything against Mehserle personally, but
the former officer has not acknowledged him or apologized to him at the trial.
Mehserle has not been in attendance since he testified the first week.

"I loved my son to death, like any other father who loves their son," Grant Jr.
said.

"I miss my son. I miss the opportunities."

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 637 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                  Tyrone Times

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

What Home Improvement Grants may be available to you?

LENGTH: 379  words


LAST year Omagh and Fermanagh Home Improvement Grant Offices were amalgamated as
part of a restructuring exercise and a new "West Grants Office" was formed based
in MacAllister House, Omagh.

There is also a sub office in Enniskillen covering the District Council Areas of
Cookstown, Dungannon, Fermanagh and Omagh. It has been a very busy year for the
new West Grants Office and overall £4.9m was spent in respect of 546 completed
grant schemes, covering Disabled Facilities, Repair, Renovation, Replacement and
Home Repair Assistance Grants.

While discretionary grants have had to be curtailed to reflect the reduced
budget, which is £3.5 m for the coming year, there is still strong demand for
Home Improvement Grants, particularly mandatory grants such as the Disabled
Facilities Grant and Repair Grant.

Below is a summary of the Home Improvement Grant schemes currently available:

Disabled Facilities Grants. (Mandatory Grants)

Disabled Facilities Grants of up to £25,000 are available to owner-occupiers,
landlords and private tenants to make the home of a person with disability
suitable for his or her needs based on the recommendation of an Occupational
Therapist.

To apply for Disabled Facilities Grants you need to contact your local Health
and Social Care, to obtain their recommendations.  If the Occupational Therapist
makes recommendations these will be forwarded directly to the Grants Office to
begin the Disabled Facilities Grant application process.

Repair Grants. (Mandatory Grants)

Repair Grants of up to £7,500 in any three year period are available to
landlords and certain tenants where a Statutory Notice has been served by the
local District Council Environmental Health Department

Renovation, Replacement & Home Repair Assistance Grants.(Discretionary Grants)

These grants are only available in exceptional circumstances where the works
requested would present a serious, imminent and significant risk to the
occupants

Boiler Replacement Allowance Scheme

A new Boiler Replacement Allowance scheme began on the 1st September 2012 and we
are currently taking applications for the scheme.

Further information on Home Improvement Grants can be obtained by contacting the
West Grants Office on 03448 920 900or the Housing Executives Web Site on:
www.nihe.gov.uk.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INTT


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 638 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

eCivis and Thompson Information Services Forge Innovative Partnership to Address
Grant Compliance Under New Federal Uniform Guidance

LENGTH: 601  words


(PRWeb) - eCivis, the nation's leading cloud-based grants management software
system, and Thompson Information Services, the leading publisher in federal
grant compliance information, today announced a strategic partnership that
combines the market-leading strengths of each company to improve grant
compliance for federal grant recipients.


"The uniform grant guidance has created both great challenges and great
opportunities for the grants community, and we are very pleased to be working
with eCivis to help make the transition to the new world of grants management
easier for entities receiving federal dollars," said Joel Poznansky, CEO and
president of Thompson Information Services.
The innovative partnership aims to redefine how grant compliance-related content
can be delivered and consumed by grant professionals in state and local
government. It will also address many of the key questions and that have been
sparked by the Office of Management and Budget's new uniform guidance. eCivis
will deliver Thompson Information Services content as a new product in its
grants management system, Grants Network. Thompson provides a variety of digital
and print offerings, including its Federal Grants Management Handbook and Single
Audit Information Service, which along with various expert commentary, reference
materials, news, tools and forms, will be available to subscribers of this new
service in an easy-to-access digital format.
"By adding Thompson grant compliance and audit content to our suite of grants
software solutions, eCivis will provide an invaluable and readily accessible
resource to state and local government grant professionals," said eCivis CEO
James Ha. "This content will give government entities across the country access
to information that is critical to meeting the new federal grant requirements
that went into effect in December 2014."
About eCivis eCivis (http://www.ecivis.com ) is the leading cloud-based grants
management system in the nation for state, local, and tribal governments.
eCivis' innovative solutions address both programmatic and fiscal grant funding
requirements throughout the grant lifecycle, helping clients overcome the
challenges and heavy workload that come with finding and managing grants.
Government entities rely on eCivis to identify appropriate grants, submit
competitive applications, and efficiently manage awards while dramatically
reducing their administrative costs. eCivis assists them by providing a
comprehensive grants database, training resources, and reporting tools for
compliance and transparency, in addition to expert grant writing and peer review
services.  About Thompson Information Services Since 1972, thousands of
professionals in business, government, law and academia have relied on Thompson
Information Services to provide the most authoritative, timely and practical
guidance available in a variety of professional practice areas. Thompson
Information Services is recognized as one of the leading publishers in
regulatory compliance information in the fields of human resources, retirement
plans & employee benefits, grants management, food and drug, health care,
environment and energy. The Thompson Information Services collection includes
over 50 industry-leading titles covering critical compliance and regulatory
issues, including respected resources such as the Federal Grants Management
Handbook, the Single Audit Information Service and Techniques for Monitoring
Federal Subawards.
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com
/releases/2015/02/prweb12538063.htm 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 639 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday

Grant's 'Hometown Hall of Famer' event is Wednesday

BYLINE: Emily Kram, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 681 words


April 30--When Bud Grant thinks back to his childhood in Superior, he remembers
an era of scrap drives, war bonds and rationings.

Families gathered by radios for the latest news, and talk of World War II
dominated daily life.

When people needed an escape, they turned to sports.

"Sports were big because that was one form of entertainment we could have,"
Grant said. "I can't remember a game that wasn't packed."

Grant played football, basketball and baseball for Superior Central High School.
He graduated in 1945 and went on to play in both the NBA and the NFL before
signing on as head coach of the Minnesota Vikings in 1967.

Grant will be back in Superior Wednesday for the Hometown Hall of Famers program
presented by Allstate and the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

The program pays tribute to Hall of Famers and their hometowns with a special
ceremony and a plaque presentation.

Grant, 85, was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1994.
He led the Minnesota Vikings to 11 divisional championships and four Super Bowl
appearances during his tenure and compiled a .620 winning percentage.

On Wednesday, a plaque will be dedicated in Grant's honor at Superior High
School. The plaque will remain in the trophy case at the high school, and a
commemorative road sign will also be on display in Superior.

The event is open to the public. The doors open at 9 a.m., and the ceremony is
scheduled to begin at 10 a.m. in the high school gymnasium. Tom Hansen,
relations specialist for the University of Wisconsin-Superior, will serve as
master of ceremonies.

SHS activities director Ray Kosey said visitors should park in the 28th Street
lot and enter the high school through Door 12.

Following the plaque presentation, a reception will be held in the high school's
Performing Arts Center. Visitors will have a chance to socialize with Grant and
take photos, Kosey said.

"The Pro Football Hall of Fame has been great to work with," Kosey said. "I
think it's going to go off really well."

Kosey spent the past few weeks searching out sports memorabilia, photographs and
old newspaper clippings that feature Grant. The items will be arranged in a
display for the ceremony and a DVD of Grant's career highlights, compiled by the
Pro Football Hall of Fame, will be played.

"This is quite an honor," said Grant. The recognition leaves him both humbled
and emotional.

During the ceremony, Grant said he hopes to talk about some of his influences
from Superior. Near the top of his list is Harry Conley.

"Harry Conley was my mentor," Grant said. "He was a tough old Irishman, and in
order to play on his teams you had to be tough."

Conley coached Grant in both football and basketball at Superior Central High
School.

For 22 years, Conley served as the head coach of the Central football team. He
taught his players not just to play the game, but to understand it.

"I still remember some of the things he would say," Grant said.

Grant also speaks fondly of his childhood friends. One of those friends, Bob
Downs, will introduce Grant at Wednesday's ceremony.

Grant said he, Downs and Ray Halverson were inseparable as boys. They spent
their summers with baseball gloves in hand and set up games whenever they could
get a field.

"Anytime it wasn't raining, we were playing baseball," Grant said.

The three continued as teammates and friends in high school.

Downs and Grant will have a chance to reminisce on Wednesday, but Grant said
they'll miss the third member of their group. Halverson died in January.

"I wish he could have been here," Grant said.

NOTES: Grant has a trophy of his own to present Wednesday, or more accurately, a
trophy of his father's. The trophy dates back to 1936 and was won by the
Superior Fire Department. Grant's father, a fire fighter, was a member of the
city championship team that year. "I've got this trophy I've had for 50 or 60
years," Grant said. He'll be happy to see it returned to the city where it was
won.

___ (c)2013 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130430-DG-Grant
-s-Hometown-Hall-of-Famer-event-is-Wednesday-0430-20130430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Telegram


                          FOCUS - 640 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                October 20, 2002

Everything you need to know about child grants

SECTION: Social Issues; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 695 words


INVESTING IN THE FUTURE: The State is helping care- givers who face tough
conditions in bringing up their children

Everything you need to know about child grants

SOCIAL assistance for children is provided in the form of three types of grants.
A child grant is a certain amount of money given to a deserving child every
month.

The three types of grants are:

yA Care Dependency Grant for disabled children up to the age of 18 (R640 a
month);

yA Foster Child Grant. For people looking after children who are not their own
(R460 a month); and

yA Child support grant. For children aged up to seven whose parents or
caregivers cannot afford to feed and clothe them (R140 a month).

WHAT YOU NEED TO APPLY

Foster Child Grant

yA court order indicating foster care status;

yA 13-digit bar-coded ID document or birth certificate for each child; and

yMust meet the requirements of the means test in respect of the child's income.

Care Dependency Grant

yMust be a South African citizen except for foster parents;

yMust be resident in South Africa;

yAge of child from 1 to 18 years;

yA medical/assessment report confirming disability;

yMust meet the requirements of the means test;

yThe care-dependant child/children must not be permanently cared for in a State
institution;

y13-digit bar-coded ID document (applicant); and

y13-digit bar-coded ID document (child).

Child Support Grant

yMust be a South African citizen and resident in South Africa;

yApplicant must be the primary care giver of the child/children concerned;

yChild/children must be under the age of seven;

yMust meet the requirements of the means test;

y13-digit bar-coded ID document (of the care giver); and

y13-digit birth certificate (of the child).

WHAT IS A MEANS TEST?

The most important factor when a person applies for a social grant is his/her
financial position.

The reason for this is that all social grants are granted only if the
applicant's financial resources are below a certain level.

In determining whether an applicant qualifies for a grant, and if so, to what
amount he/she would be entitled, the income and assets of the applicant are
assessed.

WHERE AND HOW YOU APPLY

yYou apply at the Welfare Office nearest to where you live.

yIf you are too old or sick to travel to the office to apply for a grant, then
afamily member or friend can apply on your behalf.

yYour application form MUST be completed in the presence of an officer (the
forms on pages 6, 7 and 8 are examples to show you what to expect).

yWhen your application is completed you will be given a receipt. Keep this
receipt - it is your only proof of application.

yYou do not have to pay to apply.

yIf your application is not approved by the Welfare Office, you must be
informedin writing as to why your application was unsuccessful.

You have the right to appeal to the MEC for Social Services in your province in
writing, stating your reasons for disagreeing with the decision.

This appeal must be lodged within 90 days of notification of the outcome of
yourapplication.

DATE OF APPROVAL

yIf your grant is approved, you will be paid from the day you applied.

METHODS OF PAYMENT

You can receive/collect your child's grant by any of the following methods:

y Cash payments;

yIn your bank account; or

yIn your Post Office account.

SUSPENSION OF GRANTS

The following may result in the suspension of a grant:

yChanges in circumstances;

yOutcome of a review; and

yFailure to co-operate when a grant is reviewed.

RESTORATION OF GRANTS

An application must be made for restoration of a grant within 90 days of the
suspension.

MAIN REASONS FOR LAPSES

yDeath;

yAdmission to a State institution;

yIf the grant is not claimed for three consecutive months; or

yWhen the period of temporary disability has lapsed.

REVIEWS

You must declare any income when you apply for a grant. The Department will
thendecide if your grant needs to be reviewed annually. You will be given three
months' notice if you have to attend a review or submit a life certificate.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2002 Times Media Limited


                          FOCUS - 641 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Start early to prepare your grant application;
FINANCE MATTERS Dave Armstrong, corporate finance director at South West
accountants Francis Clark considers what makes a successful grant application
and gives tips for businesses on how to approach the process

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 782 words


In recent weeks, a number of our clients have received offers of grant funding.
For example Pall Newquay announced a substantial grant offer towards the
expansion of their business and successful applicants to the first two rounds of
the University of Plymouth / Western Morning News Regional Growth Fund Scheme
have been announced.

With other clients receiving confirmation that they have secured grants such as
Grant for Business Investment, Rural Development Programme for England, Gap
Funding and Marine Management Organisation, we have secured in excess of £7
million of funding for our clients recently.

We talk through below what we consider are the 'four steps of the grant raising'
process. Step 1 Map out the development plans for your business and see if grant
funds are a match Know your business plan and know the sources of grant finance;
different grant schemes have different parameters.

Avoid the "you tell me what grants are available and I will tell you my plans"
ap -proach. This almost always fails.

At an early stage you will need to give some thought to your plans, including:
future capital expenditure requirements; the innovative and environmental
aspects of these plans or your business; what makes your company or business
different to others; how the grant would affect your employment levels; match
funding - how you will fund the balance of the expenditure; economic benefits
such as local supply chain or exports; and need for grant.

This will enable you to determine which is the most appropriate source of grant
funding for you.

Step 2 Commence dialogue with the grant organisation.

Meet with the awarding body to ascertain whether your project is eligible. If
your application is to be unsuccessful, it is better for it to be so at this
stage. Try to meet the authorities face to face rather than submitting an
on-line initial enquiry. Most grant officials are more than pleased to meet and
talk through potential applications, particularly if you have carried out the
first step outlined above. As opposed to the on-line enquiry approach, a meeting
will enable you to discuss various versions of your plans and gain a more
in-depth understanding of your grant potential. Hopefully, you can gain
sufficient confidence through this dialogue to allow you to progress to the full
application stage armed with a 'heads up' that the project is eligible, an
indication of key issues to be dealt with and the likely level of grant funding.

This is not a guarantee of success, just an indication that the grant authority
is sufficiently interested to welcome a formal application from you. Now the
real work begins. Step 3 Compile the best application (and continue dialogue).

Invariably, you will be required to submit a business plan, financial
projections and an application form. Most companies will have the majority of
this information to hand. But it's not just a question of collating the
information into the required format. Only the best applications will succeed -
so you really have to promote your company, particularly its 'quality' aspects,
and the 'bu s i -ness case' behind the investment decision. You also need to be
acutely aware of the grant scheme's requirements and make sure these are dealt
with in the application documentation.

Most funders are responsive to an open channel of dialogue so ask questions and
get key areas signed off as far as possible in advance of the full submission.

A robust and supportable set of reasons as to why you cannot proceed with your
project without grant funding will also be required, as will other documentation
such as planning permission, if required. Step 4 Appraisal - stand your ground
and negotiate.

Once you've submitted your grant application, the next stage is appraisal, which
can take the form of a meeting and/or written questions before a decision. The
final stage is negotiating the grant amount and formal terms. Remember you know
your business, project, market etc far better than the grant officials so stand
your ground during the appraisal process.

The time it takes to prepare and submit a successful grant application varies
enormously.

The process can be frustrating but remember the funders have to do their due
diligence as almost invariably they will be questioned / subject to an audit on
their decision making. Our record is 21 days from start to finish. Typically, we
would say between three and four months to obtain a decision - so the final
message is "it is never too early to start thinking about a grant application".
Most funding schemes are in place until the end of 2013 - but why wait? For more
information, telephone Dave Armstrong on 01752 301010 or log onto
www.francisclark.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2012 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 642 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                   The Sachem

                             March 14, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Community group reps learn about Ontario Trillium Foundation grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 640  words


There is approximately $1.7 million in funding available per year to
organizations in Brant, Haldimand and Norfolk through the Ontario Trillium
Foundation.

"There are some tremendous opportunities and many groups are being funded," said
Trudi Collins, program manager for OTF.

Collins recently gave a presentation to representatives from area groups,
explaining OTF's investment streams and offering some tips on how to build a
strong application for a grant.

Collins spoke on three of the foundation's four investment streams: seed grants,
which are for projects at the idea or conceptual stage; grow grants, which are
to build on the success of a proven model or program; and capital grants, which
are to broaden access to and improve community spaces. OTF's fourth investment
stream is collective impact grants.

Collins said that the investment parameters laid out by the OTF are fairly
strict. For instance, grow grants range from $50,000 to $250,000 per year.

"If you have a project that would be a grow grant, but you need under $50,000
and it wouldn't classify as a seed project (which range from $5,000 to $75,000),
than we are not the grant program for you," she said.

She encouraged applicants to take their time with their applications to "build
the best case possible."

She stressed the importance of showing the need for a project in the community.

"Your application is your only opportunity to approach OTF."

Depending on what kind of project is being put forward, whether it's to
encourage a more active lifestyle, enhance people's economic wellbeing, etc.,
there are specific grant results that applicants must be striving for - and
groups can only pick one grant result on their application.

"You need to think past what it is you want to do, to why. You need to make a
case for why it fits a particular grant result," Collins said, adding, "If you
think it's a stretch, we'll think it's a stretch."

She said that in instances where a project could fit into several grant results,
applicants ought to pick the one they could make the strongest case for.

"And if you have a project that you need to do that doesn't fit the grant
results, you may need to find a different grant provider."

Collins encouraged applicants to talk through their projects with other people
in relation to the different grant results to get a different perspective, and
to make sure that the best grant result for a project was chosen.

OTF's website has information on all of the different investment streams, as
well as the grant results. Collins also suggested that new applicants check the
list of past recipients and see if there are similar projects there.

"You could contact them directly and ask them about their application," she
said.

Collins also underscored the importance of applicants doing their homework.

"Get estimates and don't pad your budget," she said, noting that OTF has
provided grants to a wide range of projects, and "we know approximately how much
things cost. Ask for what you need, not what you think we'll fund."

Organizations wanting to apply for grants have four opportunities to register
with OTF per year.

The next registration cut off date is May 25 for grow grants and June 8 for seed
and capital grants. OTF will send a confirmation within 10 business days if a
registration has been accepted. A registration is good for one year.

The application deadline is June 22 for grow grants and July 6 for seed and
capital grants.

Collective impact grant applications are accepted on an ongoing basis.

Collins said that it will take some groups several times applying before their
project is accepted.

"It's often worth resubmitting if you get declined," she said, adding that
applicants can contact the OTF office and discuss why they were declined.

For more information on OTF, grant applications, etc. visit www.otf.ca or call
1-800-0263-2887.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2016
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 643 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                  Norfolk News

                              May 16, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Trillium Foundation grant money still up for grabs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 632  words


There is approximately $1.7 million in funding available per year to
organizations in Brant, Haldimand and Norfolk through the Ontario Trillium
Foundation.

"There are some tremendous opportunities, and many groups are being funded,"
said Trudi Collins, program manager for OTF.

Collins recently gave a presentation to representatives from area groups,
explaining OTF's investment streams and offering some tips on how to build a
strong application for a grant.

Collins spoke on three of the foundation's four investment streams: seed grants,
which are for projects at the idea or conceptual stage; grow grants, which are
to build on the success of a proven model or program; and capital grants, which
are to broaden access to and improve community spaces.

OTF's fourth investment stream is collective impact grants.

Collins said that OTF's investment parameters are fairly strict. For instance,
grow grants range from $50,000 to $250,000 per year.

"If you have a project that would be a grow grant, but you need under $50,000
and it wouldn't classify as a seed project (which range from $5,000 to $75,000),
than we are not the grant program for you," she said.

She encouraged applicants to take their time with their applications to "build
the best case possible."

She stressed the importance of showing the need for a project in the community.

"Your application is your only opportunity to approach OTF."

Depending on what kind of project is being put forward, whether it's to
encourage a more active lifestyle, enhance people's economic wellbeing, etc.,
there are specific grant results that applicants must be striving for - and
groups can only pick one grant result on their application.

"You need to think past what it is you want to do, to why. You need to make a
case for why it fits a particular grant result," Collins said.

"If you think it's a stretch, we'll think it's a stretch."

She said that in instances where a project could fit into several grant results,
applicants ought to pick the one for which they can make the strongest case.

"And if you have a project that you need to do that doesn't fit the grant
results, you may need to find a different grant provider."

Collins encouraged applicants to talk through their projects with other people
in relation to the different grant results to get a different perspective, and
to make sure that the best grant result for a project was chosen.

OTF's website has information on all of the different investment streams, as
well as the grant results. Collins also suggested that new applicants check the
list of past recipients and see if there are similar projects there.

"You could contact them directly and ask them about their application," she
said.

Collins underscored the importance of applicants doing their homework.

"Get estimates and don't pad your budget," she said, noting that OTF has
provided grants to a wide range of projects, and "we know approximately how much
things cost. Ask for what you need, not what you think we'll fund."

Organizations wanting to apply for grants have four opportunities to register
with OTF per year.

The next registration cut-off date is May 25 for grow grants and June 8 for seed
and capital grants. OTF will send a confirmation within 10 business days if a
registration has been accepted. A registration is good for one year.

The application deadline is June 22 for grow grants and July 6 for seed and
capital grants.

Collective impact grant applications are accepted on an ongoing basis.

Collins said that it will take some groups several times applying before their
project is accepted.

"It's often worth resubmitting if you get declined," she said, adding that
applicants can contact the OTF office and discuss why they were declined.

For more info on OTF grant applications, visit otf.ca or call 1-800-0263-2887.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 644 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

More about CPF scheme for ECs

                                 June 25, 1996


Below are answers to some commonly asked questions about the Central Provident
Fund (CPF) Housing Grant Scheme for Executive Condominiums: ABOUT THE SCHEME

Q. What is the CPF Housing Grant Scheme for Executive Condominiums all about?
A. Under the scheme, the Government will provide eligible First-Timer applicants
with a CPF grant of $ 40,000 for the purchase of an Executive Condominium unit
direct from the developer.

The grant is given only once to first-timer applicants.

APPLICANTS' ELIGIBILITY

Q. Who is eligible for the CPF Housing Grant?  A. To be eligible for the Grant,
you must be a Singapore citizen, a First-Timer with a "proper nucleus family"
and meet all the prevailing eligibility conditions for buying an HDB flat
directly from the Housing Board.

Q. How do I know whether I am considered a First-Timer?  A. A first-timer
application is one where the applicant and the essential family members listed
in the application for purchase of an executive condominium:

* ARE currently not the owner(s) of a flat bought directly from HDB;

* HAVE never sold a flat bought directly from HDB; and

* HAVE never sold or are currently not the owner(s) of an HDB resale flat bought
under the CPF Housing Grant Scheme.

Q. What is a proper nucleus family?  A. The CPF Housing Grant will only be
granted to First-Timer applicants with a proper nucleus family comprising of:

* Married couples

* Fiance and fiancee (must produce marriage certificate before Temporary
Occupation Period (TOP) date of two years after signing sales & purchase
agreement, whichever is earlier)

* Widowed/divorced person with child/children under his legal custody.

Q. If I apply to purchase an executive condominium unit under the Joint Singles
Scheme or the Orphans Scheme, am I eligible for the grant?  A. No, you are not
eligible for the grant. The joint Singles Scheme and Orphans Scheme are not
considered as a proper nucleus family to be eligible for the grant.

APPLICATION PROCEDURES

Q. How do I apply for the CPF Housing Grant?  A. You must fill up and sign the
request form for CPF Housing Grant and submit it together with the executive
condominium application form to the developer before the closing date of the
launch.

The request form is available at the developer's office or at the show flat/site
office.

Upon booking an executive condominium unit, you must complete and send the CPF
application form RPS/1A (Residential Properties Scheme) directly to CPF Board
for processing, if you are using your CPF monies and/or the CPF Housing Grant
for the purchase.

Q. How will the grant be given and can I use it for down payment?  A. When you
have booked an executive condominium and are verified to be eligible for the
grant, the Government will credit the housing grant into your CPF account. You
can use the grant as lump sum payment and/or capital payment towards the
purchase price of the executive condominium after signing the sale and purchase
agreement.

Q. What if there are joint applicants buying the executive condominium?  A. For
joint applicants who are husband and wife and are both Singapore citizens, the
grant will be divided equally between them. Otherwise, the grant will be
credited only into the Singapore citizen applicant's CPF account.

REFUND OF THE GRANT

Q. What if I do not complete the purchase of the executive condominium?  A. You
must return the CPF Housing Grant to the Government if you fail to sign the sale
and purchase agreement or are not eligible to purchase the executive condominium
unit.

Q. Upon resale of the executive condominium, am I required to refund the grant
to the Government?  A. No. You need not refund the grant to the Government. When
you sell off the executive condominium, all the CPF monies used to purchase the
executive condominium, including the grant, will be refunded to your CPF
account.

SECTION: Money 3; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1120 words

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1996 The Straits Times Press Limited


                          FOCUS - 645 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                October 9, 2015

Spotlight on social grants: How the system works

BYLINE: GroundUp staff

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 686 words



HIGHLIGHT: This first instalment, part of a five-part series by GroundUp, looks
at the basic details and procedures of social grants.


It's 6.30am on a cold Wednesday morning and about 50 people, mostly women with
babies, are already queuing outside the South African Social Security Agency
office in the Delft library to apply for their child support grants. If their
applications are successful, each will receive R330 a month. On September 23,
Naiema Nolan, a 38-year-old mother of two, is first in the queue. She says she
arrived with her four-month-old daughter, Shafeeqa, at 2am.

They spent the night at the police station near the library, leaving the baby's
pram in front of the gate to mark their place in the queue. "They want to see
that you have a child, so we have to bring the babies with us," she says. Nolan
says the grant will help to buy basic essentials for her baby. One woman had
been paid R50 to stand in the queue for a prospective applicant. As of the end
of June 2015, just under 16.8 million social grants were paid to approximately
10-million people. Most are child support grants (11.8-million), with some
families getting more than one of these. Pensioners make up the second-largest
group of recipients: 3.1-million. About R53.5-billion will be paid out to
pensioners this year, the largest slice of the R155.3-billion social security
pie. (This is divided as follows: R53.5-billion for old-age grant, R47.8-billion
for child support grant, R20.2-billion for disability grant, R8.5b for other
grants, with the remainder going to national and provincial management and
administration.) There are eight grants:Child Support Grant: R330 per month
Older Person's Grant (pension): R1 420 per month (R1 440 for people over 75)
Disability Grant: R1 420 per month Grant-in-Aid (for people who need a full-time
caregiver): R330 per month Care Dependency Grant (to look after a child with
severe disability): R1 420 per month War Veteran's Grant: R1 440 per month
Foster Child Grant: R860 per child per month Social relief of distress
(temporary relief for people in dire need): food parcels or vouchers Since 2012,
the payment of social grants has effectively been outsourced to Net1, a company
listed on stock exchanges in the United States and in Johannesburg. Net1's
subsidiary, Cash Paymaster Services (CPS), won the approximately R10-billion
five-year Sassa tender in February 2012. The tender conditions were challenged
in court by a rival bidder, AllPay, and in 2014 the Constitutional Court ruled
the tender invalid but ordered that CPS should continue to run the system until
it could be replaced. A new tender will be awarded on 15 October (CPS is not
bidding for it), and Sassa itself intends to take over the payment system from
2017. Payment of the grants is a huge operation. Every month, the National
Treasury deposits the total amount to be paid out, about R11-billion, into a
Nedbank trust account. About two days later, CPS pays all the beneficiaries. The
interest earned during this short period is earned by the state. All beneficiary
accounts are held at Grindrod Bank. Payday is different each month, depending on
weekends, public holidays and other logistics. Grant beneficiaries can collect
their money at one of thousands of Sassa paypoints across the country or from
various retailers and ATMs. But, says Net1 chief executive Serge Belamant,
withdrawals from Sassa paypoints, which carry no withdrawal charge, are more
secure, with biometric security checks being done against people's fingerprints.
Net1 also owns EasyPay, the company that enables grant holders to withdraw their
money from retailers (like Pick n Pay), Moneyline, a company that provides loans
to grant recipients, and Umoya Manje, a system to allow beneficiaries to buy
cellphone airtime on credit. For many grant recipients, the social grant is the
difference between survival and starvation. Nazlee Crouder, 43, has been in the
Delft queue since 5am, waiting to hand in her application for a foster care
grant for her 15-year-old brother. " I really need help to look after him
because things are expensive. I don't have a choice, but to get up early and
come stand in the cold," she says.This article originally appeared in GroundUp

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 646 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    December 2, 2001 Sunday Marshall Edition

Freshman Grant builds momentum for next year

BYLINE: By VAUGHN McCLURE; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6; NOTRE DAME 24, PURDUE 18

LENGTH: 733 words


WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- If Saturday's game was an audition for next year, Ryan
Grant may have landed a permanent starring role in the Notre Dame backfield.

The freshman tailback from Nyack, N.Y., displayed his great potential against
Purdue. He carried the ball 19 times for a team-high 77 yards in Notre Dame's
24-18 season-ending victory over the Boilermakers.

Grant scored ND's first touchdown on a 14-yard burst in the second quarter. It
also was the first TD of his young career.

And Grant wasn't even pleased with his performance.

"Honestly I don't feel I played well," Grant said, "but we got the win."

Grant took the bulk of the handoffs with Julius Jones and Tony Fisher sidelined
by injuries, and senior Terrance Howard ineffective as the starter. Grant
averaged 4.5 yards per carry against the Boilermakers with a long run of 16
yards.

"We've seen Ryan's potential all year and he finally had the chance to carry the
ball," said Irish running backs coach Desmond Robinson. "One of the things we
said going into the game was we were going to ride whoever was carrying the ball
(well). Ryan did a good job, so we stayed with him."

The Irish coaches didn't show as much confidence in Grant during the Tennessee
game, his first time in the spotlight. He was solid on his first five carries
against the Vols, but his sixth resulted in a fumble, which Tennessee returned
81 yards for a second-quarter score.

Grant stood on the sideline for the rest of that game.

"Before (today's game) I was thinking about how long ago the Tennessee game
was," Grant admitted. "I'm just grateful things worked out today. We got the W.
I got to run the ball."

Grant made sure he didn't duplicate the Tennessee fiasco against Purdue. He
squeezed the ball tightly on every carry, even though he was coming off a
hyper-extended elbow injury. (Grant suffered the injury against Navy and didn't
play against Stanford). He didn't try to do too much, though he still fought to
pick up extra yards.

Not all was good for Grant, however. Early in the second half, he missed a
crucial block on a third-and-10 play from Purdue's 28-yard line. Quarterback
Carlyle Holiday was sacked on the play, and the Irish had to settle for a
47-yard field goal by Nicholas Setta.

Later in the same quarter, Grant's number was called on a third-and-three play,
but he managed to pick up only two yards.

And in the fourth, Grant nearly caused Holiday to fumble as he ran into his
quarterback.

"I don't really remember that," Grant said, "but I could name a bunch of
different things that I messed up."

Grant has plenty of time to fine-tune his game. He'll have the offseason to
shake off any injury. He'll have the summer to think about next year's battle
for playing time with Jones.

"I know Julius is going to go into next year busting his butt, just like I'm
going to go into next year busting mine," Grant said. "That competitiveness is
needed in the backfield. I don't know if I would say I have any edge on Julius.
He's got the experience. I'm just trying to learn."

Jones echoed Grant's thoughts about the head-to-head battle.

"It's going to be competition, just like everywhere else," Jones said. "I like
competition. That's what I came to Notre Dame for. I'm not scared of any
competition."

Former Notre Dame standout tailback Allen Pinkett wouldn't give Grant the edge
over Jones either. That didn't stop Pinkett from raving about Grant's future.

Like a lot of observers, Pinkett believes the sophomore-to-be is a star in the
making.

"He's a different type of runner than the three that we have, just because he
runs with a lot more power," Pinkett said of Grant. "He's a guy who, when he
runs up the field and turns his shoulders, he just has a lot of authority. I'm
really excited about the prospect of him running full time next year."

The only question now is what coach will Grant be running for in 2002.

The coaching uncertainty surrounding the Notre Dame program will be a hot topic
of conversation. Grant didn't dodge the issue when it was posed to him after the
game.

"To be honest with you, I have no idea what's going to happen," Grant said. "The
only thing we have control over is coming out here and playing. I think (the
team) would say to keep coach Davie. I think we're all supportive of coach
Davie."

Staff writer Vaughn McClure:

vmcclure@sbtinfo.com

(219) 235-6470


LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Notre Dame's Ryan Grant scores on a 14-yard touchdown run during second
half action Saturday. Grant rushed 19 times for 77 yards.  Tribune Photo/JIM
RIDER

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                          FOCUS - 647 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              January 14, 1989, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Hard times ahead for magazine publishers

BYLINE: By Henry Mietkiewicz Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 990 words


   THE DEATH of two Toronto-based magazines and massive cuts in grants to 16
others signal tough times for local publishers.

Shortly after New Year's, T.O., a glossy, general-interest magazine about
Toronto, suspended publication after 3 1/2 years.

Canadian Forum, a leading, Canadian showcase for political commentary, fiction
and poetry since 1920, has not been sighted in nearly a year, despite hopes for
its revival.

A similar fate is rumored to have hit Graffiti, a magazine of rock 'n' roll and
pop culture, whose editors are refusing to return phone calls.

Money, or the lack of it, is also a headache for 16 literary and arts magazines
which, unlike the commercial T.O. and Graffiti, depend heavily on grants from
the Ontario Arts Council.

In the 1987-88 publishing year, the magazines participated in an unusual arts
council program that offered grants to improve the quality of critical arts
writing by Ontario contributors.

But now these editorial development grants have been cut or eliminated for the
16 journals.

Surprisingly, council officials say the reductions are not the result of
budgetary restraint. They stem from the magazines' poor proposals on how they
would spend the money.

Down sharply

Robert Sirman, the council's acting executive director, says $130,000 was set
aside for this year's editorial development grants. But only $82,375 will be
given to 14 deserving magazines - down sharply from the $151,050 for 25
magazines last year.

The $68,675 difference will be given to individual writers and special literary
projects.

Margaret McClintock, the OAC's literature officer, hastens to add that the
council will still provide $468,198 to help 46 magazines cover regular operating
costs - a slight drop from $480,295 last year.

She says council officials are also wondering whether the 3-year-old editorial
development scheme is working. That makes it a prime target for review when the
entire literature department comes under regular re-evaluation this year.

Among the hardest hit:

* Quill & Quire (circulation 7,000), a monthly magazine of reviews and features
about Canadian publishing, lost its $17,000 operating grant and $10,000
editorial development grant.

* Canadian Art (20,000), a monthly on the fine arts, was stripped of its $10,000
editorial development grant and $5,000 operating grant.

* Impulse (5,500), a quarterly about visual arts, lost its $10,000 editorial
development grant and $8,000 of its $18,000 operating grant.

* This Magazine (8,000), an eight-times-a-year analysis of politics and social
issues, lost its $10,000 editorial development grant and had its operating grant
reduced to $22,000 from $25,000.

* Books In Canada (6,000), a nine-times-a-year review of Canadian books, had its
$10,000 editorial development grant eliminated.

* Opera Canada (6,800), one of the country's oldest quarterlies on opera, lost
its $4,000 editorial development grant and had its $15,000 operating grant cut
in half.

* C Magazine (4,000), a quarterly on the visual arts, had $5,000 lopped off its
$20,000 operating grant and $2,000 off its $7,000 editorial development grant.

On the plus side, the arts council boosted operating grants to 24 magazines and
it increased editorial development grants to eight of them, including Brick,
Canadian Theatre Review, Fuse, Cross-Canada Writers, Quarry and What.

Most of the money-losing editors and publishers still don't know why their
grants were cut or reduced, since written explanations are now being mailed out.

Sirman says the arts council's policy of confidentiality prevents him from
publicly discussing reasons for the unfavorable decisions, which were made by
OAC-appointed juries.

But he says jurors were disappointed so many magazines failed to use the
editorial development grants to commission truly striking or innovative reviews
and essays. The proposals for 1988-89 showed a similar lack of originality.

A caution

Even worse, McClintock adds, the development grants just became a means of
increasing freelance fees for all sorts of articles - a practice that editors
and publishers were cautioned to avoid.

She cites Kevin Connolly's "Defensive Poetry", a long and well-reasoned essay on
cultural nationalism and Canadian poetry in a recent issue of What, as an
example of a development grant put to good use.

Still, the OAC's decisions have left some editors angry. "One of the problems,"
says Lorraine Filyer, managing editor of This Magazine, "is that the definitions
(for grants) are too rigid and that the amounts go up or down according to how
the jurors feel about you."

Theatrum editor Nigel Hunt is worried the cuts may jeopardize his magazine's
chances of increasing its frequency to five from three issues a year. And Susan
Suchard, business manager of Opera Canada, says more fundraising probably will
be necessary to keep the magazine healthy.

There's also considerable grumbling about what C Magazine editor Richard Rhodes
calls "juries that can't see our needs without some degree of self interest."

He and other applicants suspect some decisions stem from antagonism or jealousy
by jurors who previously had personal differences or other dealings with editors
of the magazines they judged.

But Sirman says he'd be distressed if jurors weren't familiar with the magazines
on their list. Besides, says McClintock, "all potential conflicts are discussed
with the jurors, whose names are always made public.

"Unfortunately, when people are disappointed, the last place they look is to
their own performance, and it's the jury that becomes the obvious target."

That's cold comfort to Impulse executive editor Eldon Garnet, who says his
magazine "should go bankrupt, but we're too tenacious to take that way out. Even
so, a lot of people are going to suffer."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo montage of magazines

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                          FOCUS - 648 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Proposed Revisions for the LSC Grant Assurances for
Calendar Year 2017 Basic Field Grants

LENGTH: 770  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION Notice of Proposed Revisions for the LSC Grant
Assurances for Calendar Year 2017 Basic Field Grants AGENCY: Legal Services
Corporation. ACTION: Notice of proposed changes and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Legal Services Corporation (``LSC'') intends to revise the LSC Grant
Assurances for calendar year 2017 Basic Field Grants and is soliciting public
comment on the proposed changes. The proposed revisions affect Grant Assurances
7, 15, 20, and 22. The proposed LSC Grant Assurances for calendar year 2017
Basic Field Grants, in redline format indicating the proposed changes to the
current ``LSC 2016 Grant Assurances,'' are available at http://grants.
lsc.gov/sites/default/files/Grants/
ReferenceMaterials/2017-GrantAssurances-Proposed.pdf. DATES: All comments and
recommendations must be received on or before the close of business on May 5,
2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Agency Web site:

http://www.lsc.gov/contact-us. Follow the

 instructions for submitting comments on the Web site.

      Email: LSCGrantAssurances@lsc.gov

      Fax: (202) 337-6813.

      Mail: Legal Services Corporation, 3333 K Street NW.,

 Washington, DC 20007.

     All comments should be addressed to Reginald J. Haley, Office of

 Program Performance, Legal Services Corporation. Include ``2017 LSC

 Grant Assurances'' as the heading or subject line for all comments

 submitted.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Reginald J. Haley, haleyr@lsc.gov,

 (202) 295-1545.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The purpose of the LSC Grant Assurances is

 to delineate the rights and responsibilities of LSC and the recipient

 pursuant to the provisions of the grant. As a grant-making agency

 created by Congress, LSC has Grant Assurances that are intended to

 reiterate and/or clarify the responsibilities and obligations already

 applicable through existing law and regulations and/or obligate the

 recipient to comply with specific additional requirements in order to

 effectuate the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act, as

 amended, and other applicable law. A summary of the proposed changes

 follows.

     Grant Assurance 7 requires LSC recipients to provide legal services

 in accordance with: (a) The grant proposal that LSC approved; (b) the

 LSC Performance Criteria; (c) the ABA Standards for the Provision of

 Civil Legal Aid; (d) the ABA standards for Programs Providing Civil Pro

 Bono Legal Services to Persons of Limited Means; and (e) any applicable

 code or rules of professional conduct, responsibility, or ethics. The

 proposed change clarifies the Grant Assurance and notifies the

 recipient that LSC's consent is required before the recipient makes

 significant changes to the delivery system described in the approved

 grant proposal or grant renewal application.

     Grant Assurance 15 requires grantees to notify LSC of: (a) An

 office closing or relocation; (b) a change of board chairperson; (c) a

 change of chief executive officer; (d) a change in recipient's charter,

 articles of incorporation, by-laws, or governing body structure; and

 (e) a change in recipient's main email and Web site address. The

 proposed change updates the instruction for submitting these

 notifications to LSC.

     Grant Assurance 20 requires LSC recipients to provide advance

 notification to LSC of a proposed merger, consolidation, change in

 recipient's name, or status as a legal entity. In addition, Grant

 Assurance 20 directs recipients to LSC's instructions



 [[Page 19641]]



 for planning an orderly conclusion of the role and responsibility of an

 LSC recipient. The proposed change clarifies and adds to the

 requirements for notifying LSC of a significant change in recipient's

 status and updates the Web site link to LSC's instructions for planning

 an orderly conclusion of the role and responsibility of an LSC

 recipient.

     Grant Assurance 22 requires recipients to give recognition and

 acknowledgement of LSC support and funding by displaying the LSC logo

 on the recipient's Web site, annual reports, press releases,

 letterhead, and other similar announcements and documents. The proposed

 change updates the Web site link to the digital and camera-ready

 versions of the LSC logo.



     Dated: March 31, 2016.

 Stefanie K. Davis,

 Assistant General Counsel.

 [FR Doc. 2016-07747 Filed 4-4-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 7050-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 649 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     July 24, 1986, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Fontaine owned shares in firm that got grants from his ministry

BYLINE: By Sandro Contenta Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 671 words


   While he was in cabinet, Rene Fontaine's ministry processed two grants
totalling $211,601 to a mining company in which he owned shares, The Star has
learned.

Before those grants, the mining company, Golden Tiger Mining and Exploration
Inc., had already received a $10,241 grant from the ministry - two days before
Fontaine became the minister of northern affairs and mines on June 24, 1985.

The appointment of Fontaine, the only Liberal member from Northern Ontario, had
been widely speculated weeks before the announcement.

Also, ministry files show that the officials who awarded the grants were aware
that Fontaine had been connected with the mining company.

Conflict charges

Yesterday and today, Fontaine appeared before a legislative committee
investigating charges that he violated government conflict-of-interest
guidelines.

Fontaine revealed that Golden Tiger had received government grants before he
became a cabinet minister. However, he said he did not know whether the company
received grants after he was named to the cabinet.

He resigned his seat June 26 after confirming that he did not disclose 17,172
shares he held in Golden Tiger, a Quebec-based company with interests in
Ontario.

Golden Tiger, headed by Paul Martin, a longtime friend of Fontaine's, made its
first application for a grant under the Ontario Mineral Exploration Program on
July 3, 1984. Ministry documents show that a $10,241 grant was approved on June
24, 1985, two days before Fontaine became minister.

"The application that came in . . . included a list of names of the officers and
directors of the company that included Mr. Fontaine's name," ministry lawyer
Stephen Stepanic told The Star after the committee hearing.

Ministry files also show that Golden Tiger made a second application for a grant
on Dec. 15, 1984.

In April, 1985, the ministry agreed that Golden Tiger was eligible. The company
made a submission for the money in November and a grant of $23,913 was given
last month.

Grant approved

Stepanic said the file did not give the exact date the grant was given. However,
there was only one government working day in June left after Fontaine's June 26
resignation.

A third application for a grant was made on March 13, 1986. No money has yet
been given to Golden Tiger but the ministry has already told the company that it
will approve up to $187,688 in grants if it carries out the work outlined in its
application form.

With the last two grants, ministry officials in charge of awarding them received
application forms that listed the names of the directors of Golden Tiger.

In both cases, Fontaine's name was circled and beside it was written "resigned
to become mines minister," Stepanic said. He said he assumed the message was
written by someone from Golden Tiger when he or she was filling out the
application.

Exploration work

Stepanic said that all three grants are for exploration work in the Thunder Bay
area.

"There's no reason to believe that Mr. Fontaine ever saw these files," he
stressed, referring to the grant applications by Golden Tiger.

During his testimony yesterday, Fontaine said he had nothing to do with any
grants his ministry may have given Golden Tiger.

"As minister, I had nothing to do with (the grants)," Fontaine said, adding that
the authority to award the grants is delegated through regulations to the
director of the mineral exploration program.

However, Fontaine admitted that he could get involved if a company that was
denied a grant appealed.

He repeated today that "I never had any involvement on behalf of Golden Tiger
before or after I became minister."

Questioned yesterday by committee member Terry O'Connor (PC-Oakville) about the
public perception created when a mines minister holds shares in a company that
has received government grants, Fontaine replied: "When you're honest people, I
think there's no problem."

The act governing the grants says that the minister may approve the grants.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (Faught) Rene Fontaine

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                          FOCUS - 650 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday

State grants have helped economy

BYLINE: Chelyen Davis, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 720 words


Nov. 13--RICHMOND--A new study says the $700 million Virginia has spent in the
past decade on economic incentive grants to businesses has helped the economy.

But those economic development programs need better tracking and reporting on
how effective they are, the report concluded.

The Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission studied how the state uses
economic development incentive grants after a request by state Sen. Janet
Howell, D-Fairfax.

The report, released Tuesday, says that the state's more than 3,300 grants
awarded in the past 10 years "appear to have a positive impact" on the state's
economy, although such grants are only one of many factors that businesses weigh
when choosing whether to expand or relocate in the state.

Virginia has 18 different economic incentive grant programs, the report said.
Half of them fall under the Virginia Economic Development Partnership.

Economic development incentive programs are intended to encourage businesses to
expand or relocate to Virginia. Many states have similar programs.

The JLARC study said projects funded by the grants created more than 70,000 jobs
and resulted in $8 billion in capital invested over the past 10 years. Most of
the jobs came from companies receiving grants through the Governor's
Development Opportunity Fund or the Virginia Jobs Investment Program.

Five of the programs have awarded most of the grants, with the majority coming
through the Virginia Jobs Investment Program--it has given out 1,506 grants in
the past decade. But the highest money awards have come from the Governor's
Development Opportunity Fund, which has given out almost $100 million in grants
over the past decade.

And 40 percent of the total grant money in the past 10 years has gone to seven
businesses--including Rolls-Royce, Qimonda (which has closed its Richmond plant)
and Philip Morris, which has received $44 million in grants.

Overall, most projects that received grants did meet goals, according to the
report. But performance measurements vary across the different grant programs.

The Governor's Development Opportunity Fund, for example, reported projects that
met goals for job creation, capital investment and having higher-than-average
wages.

But there were no performance data for transportation grant programs, the report
said, nor for the Coalfield Regional Opportunity Fund.

Custom grant projects also have a varied record. Micron, for example, got $36
million in grants and, according to the report, has met goals for job creation
and capital investment.

But Rolls-Royce, with $66 million in grants, hasn't yet met either of those
goals. And Qimonda got $55 million in grants but was defunct by 2009; a JLARC
staff member said the grants were performance-based, so Qimonda did not receive
all of the money it was granted.

The report suggested that grant programs focus more tightly on projects that are
expected to create jobs--not just through the project but in the community; pay
higher wages than the industry's average; and are based on exporting to other
states, which brings new money into the state.

Some programs already do that, the report said--about half give the majority of
their awards to projects meeting at least two of the three criteria--and those
that do have showed the greatest impact on the state's economy.

While the state secretary of commerce and trade's office reports annually on
incentive grants, the JLARC study found those reports don't assess
effectiveness, and suggested that they should.

Overall, the report said, state grants make little impact on businesses when
they're deciding whether to expand or where to relocate. But apart from an
estimate that only 10 percent of such decisions are swayed by economic
incentives, JLARC could find no hard data on the topic.

Lawmakers on the JLARC panel asked staffers to come back with more information,
particularly on how other states handle economic incentives.

"You're always competing with somebody  so you can't look at this in a vacuum
without knowing where other states are with this and what they're doing," said
Del. John O'Bannon, R-Richmond.

Chelyen Davis:  540/368-5028

cdavis@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2012 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121113-FB-State-grants-have-helped-economy-1113-20121113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2012 The Free Lance-Star


                          FOCUS - 651 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

Grants boost school attendance

BYLINE: Samantha Enslin-Payne

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 608 words


A survey on social grants, released by Statistics SA yesterday, shows that
recipients of child support grants are more likely to educate their children,
whose school attendance is higher than those who do not receive grants, giving
further impetus to extend the grants to children aged 18.

The General Household Survey on social grants says one expected outcome of the
child grant is that households benefiting from it are more likely to send their
children to school, thereby increasing their chances of receiving basic
education and becoming economically active in the future.

It is not just child support grants that result in households prioritising
education. The percentage of low income households that receive any kind of
grant and that are sending all their children to school increased significantly
from 73 percent in 2003 to 81 percent in 2007.

The attendance ratio for children aged between five and 19 is also higher in
households that receive grants than in those that do not.

Grants assist parents in paying for transport to school, school uniforms and
books, and mean that children do not need to work.

Ratula Beukman, an advocacy programme manager at the Black Sash, said yesterday
that the organisation supported the extension of the child support grant to age
18 but on the basis that no conditions were attached to it because the survey
showed that child support grants without conditions promoted school attendance.

Trevor Manuel, the former finance minister and now the head of the National
Planning Commission, said earlier this year that the number of people receiving
grants was unsustainable and that the state was considering attaching conditions
to the aid, such as school attendance or food purchases.

It has been reported that about 13.3 million people received grants compared
with 2.4 million a decade ago. Demand for grants is expected to grow by 11
percent a year in the medium term. Spending on social grants was projected at
R80.3 billion in 2009/10, a 60 percent rise on 2005/06. It is expected to hit
R95bn in 2011/12.

Despite the concern over the rising cost, government was considering extending
child support grants to the age of 18.

Dawie Roodt, the economist at the Efficient Group, said grants had been a
tremendous help to the really poor. But he cautioned that this safety net was at
a sufficient level for recipients to not be too comfortable. If grants were
increased it would discourage people from seeking out alternatives.

South Africa was a poor country and grants had negative economic implications,
Roodt said. The budget allocation to grants had been increased dramatically,
which had fuelled demand in the economy and in turn had led to inflationary
pressures.

"Grants could be increased for the next two to three years but it is not
sustainable. State debt levels will turn ugly," Roodt said. The only real
alternative to grants was to grow the economy and create jobs.

Beukman said, although it was positive that more people were getting grants,
there were still a lot gaps for people aged between 15 and 59, which was
particularly concerning in light of the recession.

The Black Sash supports some type of income support for those who need it.

But the likelihood of such support seems doubtful. KwaZulu-Natal premier Zweli
Mkhize said yesterday that a basic income grant was "not affordable, it is not
something that we are considering implementing as it would bankrupt the
government".

His comments followed a looting spree in Durban earlier this week. Ninety people
from the SA Unemployed People's Movement were arrested for looting Shoprite
Checkers and Pick n Pay outlets.

Additional reporting by Sapa

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 652 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 22, 2014

Grant scams promise relief, lead to more headaches

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 704  words


Better Business Bureau of Minnesota and North Dakota (BBB) is warning the public
about grant scams. Recently BBB received a report from a consumer who stated
they were contacted by The Washington D.C. Grant Department about being approved
for a $7,000 grant. Contacts like this are not uncommon and such notices are
usually accompanied by requests to pay processing fees. BBB reminds people that
federal grants are not issued for personal use, but are intended for
institutions and non-profits to carry out projects with a public purpose.

"This is a scam that regrettably never goes out of vogue," said Dana Badgerow,
president and CEO of BBB of Minnesota and North Dakota. "And the people who
carry it out are good at what they do; they know what to say and how to say it,
which is why everyone needs to be careful."

Usually these grant "notifications" come via the phone, but people may also
receive them through mail and email. These notices usually claim to be from the
Federal Grants Administration or some other phony - though official-sounding
agency. Individuals who receive them are told they're either eligible for or
have been awarded a government grant.

Once the grant has been dangled in front of the unlucky recipients, they're
usually told they need to pay processing fees. In some cases, these fees are
requested via prepaid debit cards; in others, people are asked to provide
banking or credit card information. However, there are no processing fees for
federal grants. Furthermore, no government agency will make phone calls; send
email or letters to solicit money or personal banking information from a
potential grant recipient.

To avoid falling for a grant scam, you should:

Never pay for a "free" government grant. If you have to pay money to claim
anything that's "free," it isn't free - or, very likely, legitimate.

Keep in mind that no government grant-making agency will make phone calls; send
email or letters to solicit money or personal banking information from a
potential grant recipient.

Be aware there are no processing fees for federal grants.

Watch out for communications from official-sounding government agencies - such
as the Federal Grant Administration - which don't exist.

Visit grants.gov to obtain information on federal grants and applications.

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) says following a few additional rules can
keep consumers from losing money to these "government grant" scams:

Never give out your bank account information to anyone you don't know. Scammers
pressure people to divulge their bank account information so that they can steal
funds. Always keep your bank account information confidential.

Be aware a real government agency won't ask you to pay for a list of grant
-making institutions. The names of agencies and foundations that award grants
are available for free at any public library or on the Internet. The official
access point for all federal grant-making agencies isgrants.gov.

Remember that phone numbers can deceive. Some con artists use Internet
technology to disguise their area code in caller ED systems. Although it may
look like they're calling from Washington, DC, they could be calling from
anywhere in the world.

Take control of the calls you receive. If you want to reduce the number of
telemarketing calls you receive, place your telephone number on the National Do
Not Call Registry. To register online, visit donotcall.gov. To register by
phone, call 1-888-382-1222 (TTY: 1-866-290-4236) from the phone number you wish
to register.

File a complaint with the FTC. If you think you may have been a victim of a
government grant scam, file a complaint with the FTC online, or call toll-free,
1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357); TTY: 1-866-653-4261. The FTC enters Internet,
telemarketing, identity theft, and other fraud-related complaints into Consumer
Sentinel, a secure online database available to hundreds of civil and criminal
law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad.

If you have provided personal banking information to anyone claiming to be
associated with a federal grant agency, call your bank immediately to prevent
unauthorized access to your account.

For free Business Reviews, the latest consumer news and tips you can trust,
visit bbb.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 The Ortonville Independent


                          FOCUS - 653 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Standard (London)

                                 March 24, 1999

The monster who went soft;
EastEnders star Ross Kemp is leaving the BBC soap in August to join ITV in a
reported £1.2million deal. Sorted, says GEOFFREY PHILLIPS

BYLINE: Geoffrey Phillips

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 730 words


SO, GRANT MITCHELL aka Ross Kemp is to leave EastEnders.

There was a time when this news would have had the nation engaging in a frenzy
of collective teeth-gnashing and garment-rending.

No longer. The departure of Grant/Ross for the rich uplands of ITV provokes no
more than a yawn of shock and a raising of eyebrows to half-mast.

Why is this? After all, Grant has been the keystone of the BBC's Albert Square
saga for years. If Frank Sinatra was The Man With the Golden Arm and Christopher
Lee The Man With the Golden Gun, Ross Kemp has been The Man With the Golden
Skull. His bone dome has dominated events in the borough of Walford since 1989
when he arrived in the Square with his Bruv, Phil.

EastEnders was desperate to find a tough-guy to replace Dirty Den Watts, and
Grant proved a winner. Grant's treatment of women made Fred Flintstone look like
Quentin Crisp. Yet no matter how badly he behaved, he seemed only to become more
attractive to women. Much of his wilder antics were put down to his service as a
para in the Falklands War. Every now and then he would come over all melancholy
and talk about the need to get his head straight.

EastEnders never quite got to grips with the potential of its psycho-casualty
storyline but this was mainly because Grant was more useful as a kind of
community mad-dog, a two-legged pit-bull who, whenever the ratings flagged,
could be

unleashed to savage one or more of the other inhabitants. Knees-ups have always
been a regular part of the entertainment at the Queen Vic; for quite a few years
the airborne policeman was another attraction - airborne as in propelled through
the night air by irate Grant Mitchell.

HE has not done that for a while. The truth of the matter is that Grant has gone
soft.

He is now no harder than the Teletubbies.

Grant Mitchell, the Tinky Winky of Walford. That is the EastEn-ders antihero to
whom we are to say goodbye later this year.

We will have fond memories of the old beast, of course. Especially when he was
married to Dirty Den's Sharon. Dear, lov-able Sharon. Stronger thighs than
Godzilla and a hemline higher than her neckline. How she used to wind Grant up.
And he would respond by getting drunk and rearranging the Vic's furniture.

Grant's emotional fits were great fun .

Every so often, especially when he was bereft with sorrow at having lost or
mislaid another lover, he would feel the need to share his thoughts with a new
woman over a pint of brandy after hours at the Vic. And of course they would end
up in bed together.

Which is just how Grant came to bed his wife Sharon's best friend Michelle. And
his second wife's mother.

That was the thing about Grant . He seemed to represent a challenge to female
viewers: the male monster no woman could tame.

The trouble is, Grant has pulled this stunt rather too often. There is a limit
to the number of people who can fall downstairs mysteriously in one's presence
before a sense of been-there-done-that-got-the-bloodstained-T-shirt starts to
sap the energy of the drama.

And let us face another naked truth: Grant was running out of women to bed.
Having an affair with his mother-in-law was a very juicy storyline but how could
it have been followed? Grant getting the hots for Dot Cotton? I think not.

Grant has been absent from EastEnders for a while. The story is that he has been
visiting his old pal Nigel in Aberdeen. This makes a change from Grant sloping
off to his old army pal's bar in Cyprus "to get his head straight". Getting his
head straight was one of Grant's favourite phrases.

"Sorted" was another Grantspeak classic. There is nothing left in Walford for
Grant to sort, whether it be a bit of dodgy business or something with a short
skirt and an improbable perm.

Well, not much.

When Grant returns to Albert Square next week, it is with a jolt that we
remember that he is no longer living at the Vic. That his mother has been
through a breast-cancer op and no one told him.

There is still the promise of Grant becoming a fitness instructor at Annie
Palmer's new leisure centre. Or Elf Club, as he calls it. Grant in a snugfit
Lycra leotard leading the crones of Walford in aerobics? Enough, already.

Goodbye, Grant. It is indeed time you went. And high time your sister-in-law
Kaff came back. Kaff for Grant, a fair swap methinks.


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: ' GRANT WAS RUNNING OUT OF WOMEN TO BED. HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH HIS
MOTHER -IN-LAW WAS A VERY JUICY STORYLINE BUT HOW COULD IT BE FOLLOWED? GRANT
GETTING THE HOTS FOR DOT COTTON? I THINK NOT '

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1999 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                          FOCUS - 654 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               September 28, 2005

Why the prejudice against our most effective poverty relief?

BYLINE: Steven Friedman

SECTION: Opinion & Editorial; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 829 words


Why the prejudice against our most effective poverty relief?

LIKE the characters in a classic French play, some of our policymakers seem to
care more about whether their policies are fashionable than about whether they
work. The play, by Moliere, had a group of doctors insisting that it did not
matter whether a patient died as long as the "right" cure was administered.
Their goal was to pursue professional fads, not to heal the sick.

Similarly, some of our policymakers seem set against our most effective means of
poverty relief because they do not square with current fashion.

The finance minister has again queried the sustainability of social grants - in
particular, for people living with HIV/AIDS. This is hardly the first time that
he has queried the sustainability of grants - he does so repeatedly.

Reservations about grants are often echoed by those who tell us that the hope of
a grant makes teenagers fall pregnant, or adults make themselves ill, or small
farmers give up planting.

No one presents hard evidence for these claims. Yet we do have hard evidence
that the much-derided grants are by far our most effective way of easing
poverty.

Studies repeatedly find that social grants are the most important source of
sustenance among poor people.

And grants don't simply sustain people (which is, of course, in itself
important). They are often used for precisely the type of innovative activity
that those who always insist grants create dependency claim they discourage.

In sum, grants work. Those who claim they are "unsustainable" need to know that
they are questioning the usefulness of the most important source of public
provision for poor people that is available.

If those who worry about grants are saying that it would be far better if the
people who receive them did not need them, they are obviously right. But that is
not the fault of grants.

If the other measures that government and other social actors take to address
poverty work, the demand for grants will diminish.

If warnings about the sustainability of grants are a challenge to redouble
efforts to make grants less necessary, they will help in the fight against
poverty - as long as they acknowledge that grants must stay and, if possible,
increase and reach more people, as long as they are needed. Grants would then
diminish as a budget item as other measures succeeded.

But if the fears about sustainability are an attempt to limit the size of grants
and the range of poor people entitled to them, they threaten the most important
lifeline available to the poor. Why would anyone concerned about poverty want
that?

There are two related reasons. The one is that the people who benefit from
grants are unorganised and so are not heard in the policy debate. If politicians
and officials were faced regularly with a strong, organised lobby of poor people
demanding that their grants be protected or increased, we would no doubt hear
far greater official enthusiasm for them.

Since research shows that poor people find grants very useful, the absence of
this voice is not a consequence of lack of interest but of limited ability to be
heard.

The other explanation is made possible by the fact that poor people are not part
of the discussion. This absence of a clear voice from the grassroots frees
policymakers to adopt fashions which, like those of Moliere's doctors, have
little to do with whether strategies work and everything to do with whether
specialists like them.

It isn't fashionable among policy-makers to enthuse about social grants. They
are said to create "dependency" and to be far inferior to the development
programmes that specialists like to devise and implement.

This fashionable distinction between projects that are said to develop the poor
and "wasteful" grants that reduce people to supplicants sounds sensible. But the
projects can often be shown to fail to achieve their goal and the grants can be
shown not only to reduce poverty but often to encourage people to take the
innovative actions policymakers say they value.

So it may well be that the real problem is that the specialists can't abide the
thought of poor people deciding for themselves what to do with money, as they do
when they receive grants, and are far more comfortable making these decisions
themselves - as they tend to do when antipoverty programmes are devised to
address the problem.

If that is so, the poor face a vicious cycle in which their inability to be
heard ensures a policy that silences them in the future.

The antidote lies in ignoring development fashion and taking seriously what poor
people are telling us by their actions - that they need grants and know what to
do with them. While our policymakers look for ways to ensure that fewer people
need grants, they need to ensure that those who need them continue to get them.

*Friedman is senior research fellow at the Centre for Policy Studies.




LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 655 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              www.philanthropy.com

                                  June 1, 2015

Feeling Flush, Hewlett Boosts Giving 80%

BYLINE: Alex Daniels

LENGTH: 404  words

ABSTRACT

The foundation is channeling more money to nonprofits whose grants it had to
trim during the financial crisis.

FULL TEXT

After years of austerity, the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation decided to
reward grantees that stuck it out when the grant maker's budget was tight.

In January, the California foundation created the Duration Fund, a $21-million
pool it plans to distribute to current grantees over the next two years.

Beginning in 2008, the foundation cut spending on most of its grant priorities
by about 40 percent and shortened many grants from three years to one year.
Moving to one-year grants increased the foundation's administrative costs and
placed a burden on program staff, while drastically reducing grantees' ability
to operate, says Larry Kramer, the foundation's president.

"You were way past fat and muscle and bone," Mr. Kramer says. "You were into
vital organs."

He expects that as many as 200 nonprofits that had their budgets cut will
benefit from the cash infusion.

The creation of the fund is just one sign that the foundation has emerged from
the financial downturn on sound footing.

In 2014, grant making at the foundation vaulted 80 percent over the previous
year, hitting $434 million, as its assets jumped about $300 million, to reach
$8.9 billion.

The jump in grant making occurred in part because market gains required Hewlett
to spend more to avoid paying a 2-percent excise tax on investment gains.
Foundations qualify for a lower tax rate of 1 percent if their grants exceed
average distributions measured over the previous five years. Flush with cash,
the fund increased spending on a new grant program to promote cybersecurity from
$4 million to $45 million; sent $5 million to groups seeking to curb the spread
of the Ebola virus last fall; and created a new $50-million grant-making
program, the Madison Initiative, designed to reduce dysfunction in Congress.

This year, with the creation of the Duration Fund, and an internal effort to
streamline the grant maker's bureaucracy, the foundation's "hands are full," Mr.
Kramer says. No new major grant-making programs are planned for 2015.

Mr. Kramer says his focus is not just on the causes Hewlett supports but its
efficiency. The foundation now has 63 grant-application templates - something he
says confuses smaller grantees and wastes staff time.

Says Mr. Kramer: "Our whole process has gotten more complicated than it needs to
be."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 656 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 8, 2012 Tuesday

Grants to pay for household waste work

BYLINE: Andy Porter, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


May 08--WALLA WALLA -- Walla Walla, Columbia and Garfield counties have been
awarded more than $800,000 to boost recycling, dispose of hazardous household
waste and make other efforts to reduce solid wastes.

The grants by the state Department of Ecology were part of $18.8 million
disbursed to 95 city and county agencies. The Coordinated Prevention Grants are
given to local governments every two years, said Ann Lowe, Ecology spokeswoman.

The city of Walla Walla and Walla Walla County will receive two grants totaling
about $405,000 and the city of Waitsburg was awarded $28,500. Columbia County
will receive two grants totaling about $198,000 and Garfield County will receive
three grants totaling about $190,000.

The largest grants will all be used for programs to collect and dispose of
household hazardous waste, provide alternatives to outdoor burning and promote
recycling. Other grants will help the counties provide technical assistance and
oversee compliance with local and state solid waste regulations.

Two grants will also allow the purchase of wood chippers to provide an
alternative to outdoor burning of organic material.

In a release, Ecology officials said grant amounts ranged from $3,000 to $1.5
million. The grants require a 25 percent match by the local recipients,
leveraging more than $25 million to support local programs. According to Ecology
estimates, the state and local match allocation will support 393 jobs in the
state.

"These grants give local governments the resources to provide their residents
the services they want and expect," said Laurie Davies, Ecology Waste 2 Resource
Program manager. "These are also effective approaches from an economic
standpoint. Preventing toxic exposure, reducing wastes and proper management and
disposal are smarter, cheaper and healthier than doing costly cleanups later."

Andy Porter can be reached at andyporter@wwub.com or 526-8318.

Who got what

Walla Walla County

Three grants totaling $434,177.

* City of Walla Walla and Walla Walla County -- $266,792 grant for waste
reduction, recycling and composting through education and outreach, household
hazardous waste collection and disposal. The city will also update the Solid
Waste Management Plan.

* City of Walla Walla and Walla Walla County -- $138,885 grant to provide
technical assistance and oversee compliance with local and state waste
regulations, including investigating and resolving 300 solid waste complaints or
concerns and assisting in the proper handling of five junk or nuisance vehicles.

* City of Waitsburg -- $28,500 grant to purchase a wood chipper to use at spring
and fall events as an alternative to outdoor burning or disposal of organic
material. Plans call for city to use 25 tons of chipped material as mulch with
any remaining material taken to a composting facility.

Columbia County

Two grants totaling $198,020

* Columbia County Public Works -- $177,200 grant to collect and dispose of
household hazardous waste; provide alternatives to burning for the city of
Dayton and the town of Starbuck, and collect recycling.

* Columbia County Health District -- $20,820 grant to provide technical
assistance and oversee compliance with local and state waste regulations.

Garfield County

Three grants totaling $190,112

* Garfield County Public Works -- $103,861 grant for waste reduction and
recycling education, recycling collection, recycling facility improvements and
household hazardous waste education and collection

* Garfield County Public Works -- $81,751 grant to purchase a chipper. Plans
call for the county will hold chipping events to provide residents of the county
and the city of Pomeroy an alternative to outdoor burning of organic waste.
County staff will hold a minimum of four chipping events and divert 75 tons of
wood and yard waste material from outdoor burning or disposal.

* Garfield County Health District -- $4,500 grant to provide technical
assistance and oversee compliance with local and state waste regulations.

___ (c)2012 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120508-UN-Grants-to-pay-for-household-waste-work-0508-20120508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2012 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                          FOCUS - 657 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Eternal student: 62-year-old has attended University of Northern Colorado for
nearly 44 straight years

BYLINE: Tyler Silvy, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


Aug. 28--Have you seen Edwin Wayne Grant around the University of Northern
Colorado campus?

If not, ask your parents.

Grant, 62, has rarely missed a semester of school since starting at UNC in 1970.
For his trouble, he's got four undergraduate degrees. And here's the kicker: He
hasn't used a single one in his professional life, where he's worked as a
teacher or written music to get by.

"My mother always thought education was very important, whether you used it or
not," Grant said. "Maybe I took it to the extreme."

The first degree, in physical science with a minor in math, was paid for through
a scholarship, Grant said.

The past three were paid for "One class at a time," said Grant, who said he
tries to take at least one class every semester.

Over the years, reactions from classmates have changed.

"One gal here about two years ago, she said, 'Are you prematurely gray?'" Grant
said, laughing. "I said, 'No, I'm actually post-maturely gray. I'm 60 years
old.'"

Grant's obsession with education started with his mother. It also started in
1970 after he graduated from a relatively new Greeley West High School.

He got a deferment to continue his education after being drafted, and graduated
with his first UNC degree in 1976.

"June 5, 1976," Grant relays. "Graduated on my birthday."

When he obtained that first degree, Grant said he contacted the draft board.

"They said, 'Well, the war's over,'" Grant said.

So Grant just kept going, every year, taking a class or two every semester
except for a brief hiatus in the 1980s when he dabbled in writing and performing
music.

"Mostly elevator music," Grant said.

Grant has never been married and has no children. He plays the clarinet, flute,
saxophone and guitar. But beyond that, his hobby is school.

Grant never pursued graduate studies partly because of varied interests and
partly because, as his mom always told him: Education is an end in and of
itself.

Twelve years begat a degree in biological science with a minor in music. Twelve
more gave Grant a diploma for earth science with a minor in environmental
studies. Thirteen later, Grant completed a degree in political science with a
minor in history in 2013 -- one class at a time.

Grant laughs a lot when describing the changes in the school -- and himself --
over the years. He's got his quips down pat.

"The mirror's still the same, but the reflection has changed quite a bit," he
offers.

As for grades, he's gotten more comfortable just getting by.

"I used to get quite a few A's," Grant said. "Then, I don't know, B's seemed OK.
Now, if I get a C, it doesn't bother me."

He said he reckons he'll eventually lose the motivation -- or the health -- to
attend classes. But he's betting on eight more years.

Grant is still in the classroom these days, but he doesn't have plans to earn a
fifth degree. That's because Grant's one of six students this semester taking
advantage of a UNC program that allows people older than 65 to take classes
(without credit) for free. It's called auditing a class, and Grant said he was
grandfathered in before the age was bumped from 60 to 65.

Because he's auditing, he can't take a grade or class credit. But that's fine by
Grant.

"I've got four degrees I don't use," He said. "What's a fifth?"

Grant is taking Chinese, Japanese and a history course this year. When he walked
into his class this semester, Grant's professor asked him, "Didn't you graduate
last year?"

"Yeah, but I'm back," Grant said.

Repeat ad infinitum.

Tyler Silvy covers education for The Greeley Tribune. Reach him at
tsilvy@greeleytribune.com Connect with him at Facebook.com/TylerSilvy or
@TylerSilvy on Twitter.

___ (c)2014 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140828-GY-Eternal-student-62-year-old-has-attended-University-of-Northern-Colo
rado-for-nearly-44-straight-years-0828-20140828

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2014 Greeley Tribune


                          FOCUS - 658 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                             Goshen News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday

County officials seek four grants

BYLINE: John Kline, Goshen News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 598 words


May 12--If the money comes in from four grants, Elkhart County law enforcement
will be greatly enhanced.

On Monday the Board of Commissioners approved applications for four grants that
would pay for Victim's Assistance positions and add funds to police agencies
budgets.

One application was requested by Amy Bechtel, Victim's Assistance representative
of the Elkhart County Prosecutor's Office. She is trying to obtain a Stop
Domestic Violence grant for $105,000. The county would match that with $35,000
over two years.

Bechtel indicated the funding will go primarily toward the creation of a new
coordinator for the Victim's Assistance branch.

"We have created a new position that will be fully grant funded," Bechtel said,
noting that all benefits and salary will be paid directly from the incoming
grant funds.

While receipt of the grant is not guaranteed, Bechtel told the commissioners
that due to the grant application's relatively short window for submittal, the
number of departments in the state that have applied for the grant is fairly
small, thus increasing the chance at receiving the grant.

VOCA grant

Also approved Monday was the submittal of a three-year VOCA Recovery Act grant
for a total of approximately $379,000 with a county match of approximately
$94,000.

According to Bechtel, the VOCA grant will allow her department to fund several
victim's assistance positions that are currently being paid both through grant
funds and funding from the county.

If the grant is received by the county, Bechtel said the funding will be used to
replace the funding currently being provided by the county. However, Bechtel
noted the county would still be required to kick in the insurance cost for each
of the positions.

DOC grant

Next on the agenda was a request by Elkhart County Community Corrections
Director George Evans for an application for an Indiana Department of
Corrections grant.

According to Evans, the base funding for the grant -- one of the largest the
department is eligible for -- will come to approximately $1 million, with an
additional $221,000 coming from Community Transition program funds.

"Basically this is the big thing we've submitted to DOC," Evans said.

Closing out the grant application requests Monday was a memorandum of
understanding between Elkhart County and the cities of Elkhart and Goshen for a
$265,000 Justice Assistance Grant.

According to Kris Krueger, grants administrator for the county, the grant will
be split between the three entities due to their close collaboration in the area
of law enforcement.

"Elkhart County and the city of Goshen provide lots of support to the city of
Elkhart," Krueger said. "A lot of that has to do with the new jail."

Krueger noted the grant money will be divided using current statistics for crime
in each of the three areas, where the area with the most crime gets the highest
cut of the funds.

At this time, the division of funds looks to be $43,085 for the county, $170,577
for Elkhart, and $51,148 for Goshen.

As for what the money will go for, Krueger indicated the majority of the funding
will go toward the purchase of new equipment, such as cameras,

Tasers, weapons and other law enforcement related items.

To see more of the Goshen News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.goshennews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Goshen News, Ind. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090512-GW-County-officials-seek-four-grants-0512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GW


                                 Copyright 2009


                          FOCUS - 659 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 July 24, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

Children on social grants more likely to go to school

BYLINE: CHANTELLE BENJAMIN

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 552  words


Children on social grants more likely to go to school

Research suggests that state provision of basic services is improving

Chief Reporter

CHILDREN living in households receiving social grants are more likely to attend
school than children in low-income households that do not, a report by
Statistics SA into state delivery of grants for the past five years showed
yesterday.

Stats SA identified lack of education or illiteracy as contributing to
dependence on social grants. The government plans to reduce dependence on social
grants in the long term. Last year, 3% of gross domestic product was spent on
social grants.

Stats SA researcher Isabelle Schmidt said: "Grant-recipient households are at a
significant disadvantage when trying to reduce their unemployment ratios, as
they are significantly less educated and therefore less employable than non-
grant recipient households."

The provinces with the biggest increase in school attendance from grant-aided
homes were Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Northern Cape.

The report said while the distribution of social grants had improved
significantly in the past five years, there was still need to strengthen
delivery mechanisms in rural and tribal areas where most households requiring
grants were.

The Eastern Cape, KwaZulu-Natal and Limpopo were identified as areas most in
need.

Improved delivery would greatly reduce rural-urban migration which burdens major
cities - Johannesburg in particular - the report said.

The large immigrant population is one reason for Gauteng's and the Western
Cape's poor performance in distributing social grants relative to population
when compared to other provinces.

The study said that households receiving at least one social grant rose from
33,5% in 2003 to 42,5% in 2007, although economic growth and job creation in the
past five years did result in several households reducing their dependency on
social grants.

A correlation was found between lack of access to basic services such as
sanitation and water and households requiring grants, as most households
receiving grants were in rural areas.

But Schmidt said the gap in service delivery between grant recipients and
low-income households had narrowed in the past five years suggesting service
delivery protests notwithstanding, the government's provision of basic services
was improving, especially in rural areas.

"Comparisons of access to services in 2007 and 2003 show a more significant
improvement in access to most basic services in the grant recipient group than
in the non-grant group," the report said.

Schmidt said there was a surprising lack of abuse of the system, suggesting
claimants did not continue to apply for grants once their economic situation
improved.

The data noted that parents living apart from their children had been known to
claim for their children and then pocket the money, but Schmidt said the
incidents of abuse were negligible.

The report recommended to the government that service delivery could be improved
for social grants, and that an information campaign be launched, as the study
found there were still eligible households that had not applied for
child-support grants.

benjamins@bdfm.co.za

IN NEED: Statistics SA says there is a correlation between lack of access to
basic services and households requiring grants. Picture: RAJESH JANTILAL

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 660 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: Governor Scott Walker Touts $1.5 Million in Broadband Expansion
Grants, Stops in Antigo, Cable, and Land O'Lakes

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Madison: Office of the Governor Scott Walker, The state of Wisconsin has issued
the following news release:



 This week, Governor Scott Walker joined the Wisconsin Public Service Commission
(PSC) in announcing $1.5 million in Broadband Expansion Grants.  Today, Governor
Walker traveled throughout the Northwoods to award grants to Wittenberg
Wireless, LLC in Antigo, Norvado in Cable, and ChoiceTel, LLC in Land O'Lakes.
The grants are being matched by Wisconsin businesses, non-profits, and local
governments, which benefit thousands of citizens throughout the state.  The
Broadband Expansion Grants announced this week are a part of the Broadband
Expansion Grant Program.





 &ldquo;We've heard from business leaders around the state, especially in
Northern Wisconsin, that a major hurdle to economic development in their
communities is minimal access to high speed internet,&rdquo; Governor Walker
said.  &ldquo;We are dedicated to growing our economy and ensuring it remains
strong, and by tripling the funding for broadband grants in our most recent
budget, we're working to ensure that goal is a reality.  The bottom line is that
these grants help us level the playing field in terms of economic development in
the underserved areas of our state with limited access to broadband
internet.&rdquo;



 Wittenberg Wireless, LLC was awarded two grants through the Broadband Expansion
Program.  First, the Village of Mattoon Broadband Over Fiber Project was awarded
a $70,000 grant.  The project is a partnership between Wittenberg Wireless, LLC
and the village of Mattoon, where there is currently no high-speed broadband
available.  The grant will help Wittenberg Wireless, LLC to provide
fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) broadband to a majority of the village's homes,
businesses, and students.  The second grant of $150,000 was awarded to
Wittenberg Wireless, LLC for the Silver Birch Ranch Fiber Project, which allows
them to serve the approximately 300 current households and seasonal residences
in and beyond the Silver Birch Ranch Camp area.  Wittenberg Wireless, LLC will
be matching the grant for both projects.



 Norvado was awarded a $98,000 grant awarded today, which will go towards
building a fiber route to serve over 65 locations in and around Cable.  Norvado
will match the grant, and the township of Cable will also contribute an
additional $5,000 towards the project as well as provide future support for the
grant by securing easements and use of rights of way.



 ChoiceTel, LLC received a $249,093 grant which will be utilized to build an
18-mile fiber optic route to serve locations in Conover and Land O'Lakes.  The
two-phase project will serve over 150 businesses and 1,300 homes in the area,
and has potential for further buildout.  ChoiceTel, LLC will partner with the
township of Land O'Lakes to match the grant by providing the remaining project
cost.  Land O'Lakes also plans to contribute a small area of land under an
easement to ChoiceTel, LLC.



 The Broadband Grant Program was created by Governor Walker in the 2011-13
biennial budget.  This year, Governor Walker increased funding for broadband
expansion grants in the 2015-17 biennial budget from $500,000 to $1.5 million
annually.  The grants provide reimbursement for equipment and construction
expenses incurred to extend or improve broadband telecommunications services in
underserved regions of Wisconsin.  An additional $6 million is allocated from
the Universal Service Fund (USF) cash reserves to fund the grants for the next
four years.  In shifting from continuing appropriation of funding to biennial
appropriation, the grants are allowed greater flexibility and enable grant
recipients to prioritize investments and meet higher capacity demands in the
future.  The $1.5 million in grants announced today, combined with funds matched
by businesses, non-profits, and local governments, will equal a total investment
of approximately $5.5 million to expand broadband service in Wisconsin.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 661 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

Wisconsin: Governor Scott Walker Touts $1.5 Million in Broadband Expansion
Grants, Stops in Antigo, Cable, and Land O'Lakes

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Madison: Office of the Governor Scott Walker, The state of Wisconsin has issued
the following news release:



  This week, Governor Scott Walker joined the Wisconsin Public Service
Commission (PSC) in announcing $1.5 million in Broadband Expansion Grants.
Today, Governor Walker traveled throughout the Northwoods to award grants to
Wittenberg Wireless, LLC in Antigo, Norvado in Cable, and ChoiceTel, LLC in Land
O'Lakes.  The grants are being matched by Wisconsin businesses, non-profits, and
local governments, which benefit thousands of citizens throughout the state.
The Broadband Expansion Grants announced this week are a part of the Broadband
Expansion Grant Program.





 &ldquo;We've heard from business leaders around the state, especially in
Northern Wisconsin, that a major hurdle to economic development in their
communities is minimal access to high speed internet,&rdquo; Governor Walker
said.  &ldquo;We are dedicated to growing our economy and ensuring it remains
strong, and by tripling the funding for broadband grants in our most recent
budget, we're working to ensure that goal is a reality.  The bottom line is that
these grants help us level the playing field in terms of economic development in
the underserved areas of our state with limited access to broadband
internet.&rdquo;



 Wittenberg Wireless, LLC was awarded two grants through the Broadband Expansion
Program.  First, the Village of Mattoon Broadband Over Fiber Project was awarded
a $70,000 grant.  The project is a partnership between Wittenberg Wireless, LLC
and the village of Mattoon, where there is currently no high-speed broadband
available.  The grant will help Wittenberg Wireless, LLC to provide
fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) broadband to a majority of the village's homes,
businesses, and students.  The second grant of $150,000 was awarded to
Wittenberg Wireless, LLC for the Silver Birch Ranch Fiber Project, which allows
them to serve the approximately 300 current households and seasonal residences
in and beyond the Silver Birch Ranch Camp area.  Wittenberg Wireless, LLC will
be matching the grant for both projects.



 Norvado was awarded a $98,000 grant awarded today, which will go towards
building a fiber route to serve over 65 locations in and around Cable.  Norvado
will match the grant, and the township of Cable will also contribute an
additional $5,000 towards the project as well as provide future support for the
grant by securing easements and use of rights of way.



 ChoiceTel, LLC received a $249,093 grant which will be utilized to build an
18-mile fiber optic route to serve locations in Conover and Land O'Lakes.  The
two-phase project will serve over 150 businesses and 1,300 homes in the area,
and has potential for further buildout.  ChoiceTel, LLC will partner with the
township of Land O'Lakes to match the grant by providing the remaining project
cost.  Land O'Lakes also plans to contribute a small area of land under an
easement to ChoiceTel, LLC.



 The Broadband Grant Program was created by Governor Walker in the 2011-13
biennial budget.  This year, Governor Walker increased funding for broadband
expansion grants in the 2015-17 biennial budget from $500,000 to $1.5 million
annually.  The grants provide reimbursement for equipment and construction
expenses incurred to extend or improve broadband telecommunications services in
underserved regions of Wisconsin.  An additional $6 million is allocated from
the Universal Service Fund (USF) cash reserves to fund the grants for the next
four years.  In shifting from continuing appropriation of funding to biennial
appropriation, the grants are allowed greater flexibility and enable grant
recipients to prioritize investments and meet higher capacity demands in the
future.  The $1.5 million in grants announced today, combined with funds matched
by businesses, non-profits, and local governments, will equal a total investment
of approximately $5.5 million to expand broadband service in Wisconsin.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 662 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 24, 2009 Friday

Hazleton Area OKs grant writer, charter waiver

BYLINE: Sam Galski, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words


Apr. 24--Hazleton Area School Board cast a pair of 5-4 votes when approving a
tentative agreement with a grant writing firm and waiving a review period for
Valley Academy's charter application.

A revised fee schedule submitted by Russ Bigus, of Xecutive Consultants,
couldn't prevent yet another debate among a divided group of school directors
over whether the district should've solicited proposals for grant writing
services -- and the type of grants Bigus would work to secure.

Board members were also split over Valley Academy Charter School's request for
waiving a 45-day review period so that the charter school has enough time to
award contracts for desks, books and other operating supplies. The board has yet
to vote on the charter application.

Grant writer

Bigus, a Dallas school director, approached the school board earlier this month
with a proposal for writing Hazleton Area's applications for federal stimulus
grants.

At the time, Bigus urged the board to act quickly -- saying grant applications
are most likely due in May. He proposed collecting 10 percent for each grant
secured by the district.

The proposal drew criticism from Director Steve Hahn, who questioned fees that
Bigus would claim for an estimated $10 million in federal stimulus funds the
district could receive.

Bigus has since offered a counterproposal that offered a sliding fee schedule,
removing a clause from the original proposal that would've given him exclusive
grant writing responsibilities and offered to secure only competitive grants.

Hahn and Director Robert Childs, however, questioned both Bigus' background in
grant writing and whether his appointment would conflict with original plans for
subcontracting grant writer services.

Hahn also made a failed attempt at getting the board to table the proposal. He
later asked why the board didn't solicit proposals for grant writing services
and insisted that federal regulations prohibit stimulus-eligible entities from
using that money for paying grant writing fees or for consulting services.

Childs said he had no references available to check on Bigus' grant writing
history -- and said he has since learned that stimulus applications wouldn't be
due until June.

President Brian Earley, however, said the district risked losing out on badly
needed grant funding if it were to delay the vote.

"(Superintendent Sam) Marolo didn't want to miss out on grants," Earley said.
"This wouldn't interfere with hiring our own grant writer."

Bigus' revised fee schedule caps his fee at $60,000 per grant. For grants worth
up to $10,000, he'd collect a 12-percent fee. His cut would drop to 10 percent
for grants worth $10,001 to $30,000; 8 percent for grants worth $30,001 to
$100,000 and 6 percent for grants of $100,001 or more.

The board approved a tentative contract with Bigus' firm by a 5-4 vote. Childs,
Hahn and directors Elaine Curry and Carmella Yenkevich voted "no" while Earley
and board members Tony Bonomo, Jack Shema, Paulette Platukis and Sean Shamany
voted "yes."

Charter waiver

School directors also sparred over Valley Academy's waiver request. Curry and
Yenkevich said the district shouldn't have to stray from its policy to meet
Valley Academy's demands while Hahn said he was asked to vote on a waiver
without seeing the district's response to Valley's budget proposal and
supplemental application material submitted at a recent public hearing.

The board ultimately voted 5-4 when approving the waiver. Hahn, Yenkevich,
Childs and Curry voted "no" while Platukis, Shamany, Shema, Bonomo and Earley
voted "yes."

Evaluation

The board also set an evaluation date for Superintendant Sam Marolo.

It will begin 5:30 p.m. on June 10.

Marolo was appointed superintendant about a month ago, but was acting
superintendant since the beginning of the 2008-09 school year.

sgalski@standardspeaker.com

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090424-ZX-Hazleton-Area-OKs-grant-writer-charter-waiver-0424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                                 Copyright 2009


                          FOCUS - 663 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                February 6, 2000, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BIOGRAPHER PEELS BACK LAYERS OF MYTH ABOUT U.S. GRANT, WITH NO APOLOGIES

BYLINE: Michael P. Schmitt; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: A&E, Pg. F10

LENGTH: 693 words


When St. Louisans think of Ulysses S. Grant's connection to their city, they
might think of Grant's Farm and the statue in front of City Hall (yep, that's
him). However, Brooks D. Simpson's new biography gives readers a greater
understanding of Grant's deep relationship with this region.

Grant's first posting out of the U.S. Military Academy was at Jefferson
Barracks. Now we get the kicker: He wanted to be stationed there because it was
close to White Haven, the plantation that was home to his West Point roommate.
This was fortuitous for Grant, who became entranced with his roommate's sister,
Julia Dent. Because of this, St. Louis is seldom far from Grant's mind.

The book deals extensively with Grant's campaign to win the hand of Julia Dent
from her patrician, pro-Southern father, whose property was adjacent to what
became Grant's Farm. Grant then struggles to tear his bride away from her
comfortable lifestyle in St. Louis and join him in Army positions that took him
from New York state to the Pacific Northwest. He persuades her to move to the
East Coast but loses the battle to take her out West.

This failure, and the misery that Grant suffers while separated from his wife
and family, leads him to the drinking episodes that will haunt him the rest of
his life.

Simpson's writing flair gives the biography the spice of a novel. Of course,
Grant's life has the ingredients of a page-turner: war, romance, failure and,
finally, redemption. The book is a treasure trove of military history.

At West Point, Grant studies with future Confederate general James Longstreet
and William S. Rosecrans, who becomes a Union general. In the Mexican War, Gens.
Robert E. Lee and George McClellan (future Confederate and Union commanders,
respectively) see Grant and Pierre G.T. Beauregard barely escape death as a
Mexican shell destroys an adobe house they are scouting. Then, there's the Civil
War, in which the first shots are fired as Beauregard leads a Confederate
artillery barrage on Fort Sumter.

Simpson uses letters and writings of Grant, friends, fellow officers and
politicians to flesh out his unlikely rise to Union commander. They trace
Grant's frustrations at trying simply to get into the Civil War (he has a
devilish time getting an appointment as head of a regiment); his time trying to
control Confederate guerrillas in Missouri; his initial triumphs and missteps in
Kentucky and southern Missouri; and his daring crossing of the Mississippi River
south of Vicksburg, Miss., a move leading to the conquest of the state's
interior and the fall of Vicksburg. Finally, after his great success in the
West, he is placed in command of the demoralized Army of the Potomac.

Simpson gives extraordinary insight as to what Grant faced personally as the
general guided his troops: spies sent from Washington to check on rumors of his
drinking; a nervous president (initially, Abraham Lincoln did not support Grant
nearly as much as most historians indicate); and putting up with politician
generals who don't have a clue about combat (with the resultant loss in life and
strategic advantage).

Simpson's careful research and thoughtful writing peel back layer after layer of
the popular history of Grant. He is not an apologist for Grant. Instead, he lays
out the facts, warts and all, and lets the reader decide.

By revisiting the incidents that led to the misconception of Grant as a drunkard
and recounting dispatches from friends and government agents, Simpson generally
refutes the notion.

What is left is not a mythic hero but a surprisingly ordinary, quiet man who
uses his intelligence and common sense to the best of his ability, a man who
keeps his perspective when those around him were losing theirs.

This book ends with Lincoln's assassination after the Civil War ends in 1865.
Simpson, a professor of history and humanities at Arizona State University,
plans a second volume that will cover the postwar Grant through his presidency.

============

"Ulysses S. Grant: Triumph Over Adversity, 1822-1865"

A biography by Brooks D. Simpson

Published by Houghton Mifflin, 544 pages, $ 35

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (1) Photo Headshot - (Ulysses S. Grant)
 (2) Photo - (of the cover of "Ulysses S. Grant: Triumph Over Adversity,
1822-1865")

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 664 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday
                             Q - Feature A Edition

10KM EVENT RESULTS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 3539  words


NAME NUMBER TIME HERO TIME

Graham, Damian68530:39:530:39:53

Graham, Darlene79031:01:401:01:40

Graham, Darryl143550:58:480:58:48

Graham, Elita243771:51:311:51:31

Graham, Elizabeth147181:33:331:33:33

Graham, Gayle150971:01:061:01:06

Graham, Glenn143571:46:081:46:08

Graham, Jan98940:50:460:50:46

Graham, Janine129051:00:130:33:31

Graham, Joanne222241:08:061:08:06

Graham, Leanne261961:57:141:57:14

Graham, Melissa166891:07:031:07:03

Graham, Michael10670:43:490:43:49

Graham, Rachel58740:57:100:57:10

Graham, Richard208040:55:050:55:05

Graham, Rober261971:57:131:57:13

Graham, Shane86310:54:240:54:24

Graham, Tina307131:43:081:43:08

Graham, Trish318061:48:001:48:00

Graieg, Deryn311751:25:491:25:49

Graieg, John`311761:25:491:25:49

Grainger, Brian308631:51:121:51:12

Grainger, James3040:49:460:49:46

Gramenz, Steve32970:47:470:47:47

Gramm, Shane110130:58:300:58:30

Gramshaw, Kerri249881:33:261:33:26

Gran, Ryan158761:14:081:14:08

Grana, Emelou198341:52:421:52:42

Granata, Anthony33990:43:150:43:15

Grande, Xabier228270:51:510:51:51

Granger, Emily33170:46:070:46:07

Granger, Sonja25510:55:450:55:45

Granger, Trudi133301:00:341:00:34

Granlund, Alex264031:42:341:42:34

Granlund, Alexandra264021:20:471:20:47

Grant, Alexandra55980:44:170:44:17

Grant, Alicia57741:12:381:12:38

Grant, Brad89670:54:450:54:45

Grant, Carly40981:02:581:02:58

Grant, Chris172901:11:221:11:22

Grant, David41670:52:060:52:06

Grant, David442430:50:270:50:27

Grant, Eliz145481:15:021:15:02

Grant, Jerard268442:14:212:14:21

Grant, Joel196750:48:420:48:42

Grant, Julia75530:55:530:55:53

Grant, Justine130041:18:231:18:23

Grant, Kandeece158731:14:051:14:05

Grant, Kandy35181:08:251:08:25

Grant, Kellie51550:53:080:53:08

Grant, Kirsty89281:03:291:03:29

Grant, Misa41610:51:520:51:52

Grant, Naomi145701:00:000:57:30

Grant, Nichloas103621:21:511:17:26

Grant, Steve224921:02:261:02:26

Grant, Sue265781:32:321:32:32

Grant, Tracey62061:08:421:08:42

Grant, Vicky172471:05:071:05:07

Grant, Wendy126870:54:580:54:58

Grant, Zoey43781:08:251:08:25

Grant-Taylor, Ann129470:59:500:35:55

Granzien, Briohny110880:46:440:46:44

Grasser, Arianna200741:26:391:26:39

Grassi, Stephen219560:55:030:55:03

Grasso, Joan316671:54:421:54:42

Grasso, Rhett18160:57:410:57:41

Graue, Jarrod47730:57:200:57:20

Graves, Nadine55740:55:070:55:07

Graves, Simon55761:07:311:07:31

Gravino, Kristy149110:50:120:50:12

Gray, Amy4890:45:240:45:24

Gray, Carissa252571:32:091:32:09

Gray, Colin94640:52:190:52:19

Gray, Colleen237041:50:091:50:09

Gray, Corina255251:22:321:22:32

Gray, Debra72221:21:501:21:50

Gray, Emma55371:05:141:05:14

Gray, Glenn157151:25:481:25:48

Gray, Janet43060:56:580:56:58

Gray, Jas158230:50:280:50:28

Gray, John177171:00:571:00:57

Gray, Kathy134770:57:020:57:02

Gray, Kelly100370:52:360:52:36

Gray, Kylie193080:58:500:58:50

Gray, Linda36551:04:461:04:46

Gray, Lorraine191321:34:081:34:08

Gray, Mark111810:47:540:47:54

Gray, Mark106101:26:151:26:15

Gray, Marrieta252591:32:111:32:11

Gray, Michael70910:45:430:45:43

Gray, Nadine171521:03:511:03:51

Gray, Natascha156551:45:401:45:40

Gray, Nathan170571:02:241:02:24

Gray, Nicole188511:04:121:04:12

Gray, Paul67300:54:280:54:28

Gray, Paul114500:47:440:47:44

Gray, Rebecca66771:01:400:59:11

Gray, Sheree100380:58:040:58:04

Gray, Stanley98110:55:590:55:59

Gray, Warren54540:47:270:47:27

Gray, Warren281021:46:001:46:00

Gray-Frizzell, C208521:20:031:20:03

Grayndler, Matthew160041:02:351:02:35

Grayson, Bronson16430:47:060:47:06

Grayson, Isaac202031:02:001:02:00

Grayson, Jesse202021:01:551:01:55

Grayson, Jon11320:49:260:49:26

Grayson, Kirstie264792:13:322:13:32

Grayson, Leo202011:01:591:01:59

Grbic, Darian319631:28:001:28:00

Grealy, Jessica329501:27:061:27:06

Grealy, Peter20270:39:300:39:30

Grealy, Phoebe165691:19:541:19:54

Greathead, Angela167581:35:471:35:47

Greatorex, Julie244211:43:241:43:24

Greatrix, Allan30930:54:230:54:23

Greatrix, Mark49170:57:010:57:01

Greatrix, Michael30960:52:480:52:48

Greaves, Ben251492:01:152:01:15

Greaves, Charlotte160131:05:021:05:02

Greaves, David207531:01:011:01:01

Greaves, Fiona251471:52:461:52:46

Greaves, Matt251501:06:251:06:25

Greaves, Suzanne240172:05:172:05:17

Greaves, Travis143451:02:311:02:31

Green, Alexandra160921:36:531:36:53

Green, Andrea132701:16:111:16:11

Green, Angus107740:54:160:54:16

Green, Antoinette316761:49:481:49:48

Green, Benjamin119620:50:300:50:30

Green, Brendan320101:00:381:00:38

Green, Brendon115830:56:110:56:11

Green, Christie140071:14:281:14:28

Green, Colin257412:05:532:05:53

Green, Hayden242101:43:431:43:43

Green, Ingrid58120:55:150:55:15

Green, Joanne307262:20:202:20:20

Green, Kathleen Green134081:16:051:11:55

Green, Kragg190270:52:260:52:26

Green, Lisa140531:10:491:10:49

Green, Lisa307941:56:571:51:27

Green, Loryn182621:42:301:42:30

Green, Mark245871:11:271:11:27

Green, Matthew128411:03:200:56:10

Green, Michael77650:45:420:45:42

Green, Nadine38490:58:350:58:35

Green, Nicole144381:17:581:11:38

Green, Pam251402:06:402:06:40

Green, Rachel111190:58:400:58:40

Green, Robert162541:50:401:50:40

Green, Rosalind36160:55:570:55:57

Green, Russell205441:13:161:13:16

Green, Ryan444650:47:180:47:18

Green, Sarah29221:02:571:02:57

Green, Susan67210:46:580:46:58

Green, Tracey218281:23:421:23:42

Greenall, Paula240761:51:121:48:04

Greenaway, Bronwyn308442:01:402:01:40

Greenaway, Jill62070:56:180:56:18

Greene, Amanda215200:59:000:59:00

Greene, Dominic108480:47:330:47:33

Greene, James6450:40:050:40:05

Greene, James158291:02:251:02:25

Greene, Kylie309331:30:311:30:31

Greene, Nathaniel316091:26:321:26:32

Greenhalgh, Claire53400:58:230:58:23

Greenhalgh, Margot152111:30:301:30:30

Greenhalgh, Tracey152121:58:001:58:00

Greenhaugh, Helen204262:02:582:02:58

Greening, Nathan105241:02:201:02:20

Greenlees, Lauren204061:10:091:10:09

Greenley, Emma246391:49:111:47:04

Greenop, Paul12070:44:510:44:51

Greenslade, Ben101300:48:080:48:08

Greentree, Eliza241741:33:361:33:06

Greentree, Olivia62381:13:071:13:07

Greenup, Peter138750:49:160:49:16

Greer, Angie133221:36:001:36:00

Greer, Georgina5110:45:380:45:38

Greer, Jason120220:43:000:43:00

Gregg, Amy308801:55:341:55:34

Gregg, Deb246942:05:382:05:38

Gregg, Mark308791:55:361:55:36

Gregg, Matthew246702:05:362:05:36

Gregg, Robert308811:55:341:55:34

Gregora, Alison50630:52:540:52:54

Gregora, Anne50640:53:150:53:15

Gregoran, Andrew160341:03:421:03:42

Gregory, Daniel3321:08:281:08:28

Gregory, Jessica309731:21:511:21:51

Gregory, Jo-Anne269411:52:551:48:25

Gregory, Richard118441:09:451:09:45

Gregory, Taikaha68700:54:170:54:17

Gregory, Tanith128091:18:131:10:33

Greig, Bryce201511:05:310:47:07

Greig, Gary97760:50:230:50:23

Greig, Lynton107460:51:090:51:09

Greig, Sarah317271:57:171:57:17

Grein, Sarah23841:09:061:09:06

Greiner, Cameron66640:47:080:47:08

Greitschus, Hannah277031:53:101:53:10

Grennan, Gary79170:50:580:50:58

Grevell, Carolyn255802:02:452:02:45

Greville-Eyres, Frances121310:49:110:49:11

Grey, Mitch65890:51:470:51:47

Grey, Odette117091:00:041:00:04

Greyling, Candice172931:34:491:34:49

Greyling, Rhett172941:34:481:34:48

Gribben, Cassie190781:10:271:10:27

Gribble, Kathy60231:07:041:07:04

Gribble, Mark60241:07:031:07:03

Grice, Annette216691:20:511:20:51

Grice, Anthony109231:09:371:09:37

Grice, Glen216701:20:511:20:51

Grice, Joseph96920:48:300:48:30

Gridley, Jeffrey45761:10:111:10:11

Gridley, Jodi95311:19:411:19:41

Grieco, Andreina90670:57:580:57:58

Grieco, Paul109831:00:191:00:19

Griessen, Melanie143181:06:461:06:46

Grieves, John55890:55:240:55:24

Griffey, Anthony75880:48:130:48:13

Griffin, Arron255221:46:111:46:11

Griffin, Claudia187281:19:011:18:54

Griffin, Liam34750:53:090:44:19

Griffin, Lisa177571:14:311:14:31

Griffin, Malcolm92180:59:040:59:04

Griffin, Maria224960:57:380:57:38

Griffin, Matthew149050:53:240:53:24

Griffin, Peter146120:55:340:55:34

Griffin, Tracie108341:17:281:17:28

Griffith, Andy195690:52:150:52:15

Griffith, Melissa40851:17:531:17:53

Griffith, Nicholas94050:58:360:58:36

Griffith, Toni51720:46:550:46:55

Griffiths, Andrew170940:48:170:48:17

Griffiths, Caroline126381:04:361:04:36

Griffiths, Darrin245081:53:081:53:08

Griffiths, Huw251901:45:161:45:16

Griffiths, Jason281341:51:101:49:47

Griffiths, Josh155512:08:162:08:16

Griffiths, Kara93271:32:461:32:46

Griffiths, Kellie271781:26:321:26:32

Griffiths, Lincoln86170:56:140:56:14

Griffiths, Lucie281351:51:111:49:31

Griffiths, Manon231350:54:220:54:22

Griffiths, Marnie150251:01:511:01:51

Griffiths, Maxine235311:42:501:42:50

Griffiths, Melissa132621:06:061:06:06

Griffiths, Mim245091:53:091:53:09

Griffiths, Paul6410:49:190:49:19

Griffiths, Peter88171:01:201:01:20

Griffiths, Ross93281:32:461:32:46

Griffiths, Russell10770:44:110:44:11

Griffiths, Ryan93291:08:481:08:48

Griffiths, Sam193921:51:471:51:47

Griffiths, Susan254141:52:421:52:42

Griffiths, Xanthe235321:42:501:42:50

Grifiths, Lynne93300:56:230:56:23

Grigaliunas, Leigh6500:44:030:44:03

Grigg, Stuart65430:53:060:53:06

Grigson, Charlotte184221:08:491:08:49

Grills, Alan215691:04:211:04:21

Grimaitre, Cinta201201:01:441:01:44

Grimes, Andrew136821:06:361:06:36

Grimes, Daniel173571:46:181:46:18

Grimes, Declan136840:49:210:49:21

Grimes, Don173581:46:171:46:17

Grimes, John444810:56:570:56:27

Grimes, Sharon287171:43:421:43:42

Grimes, Taylor173561:47:041:47:04

Grimish, Sarah239201:36:311:36:31

Grimison, Phillip449782:00:112:00:11

Grimison, Samantha449792:00:102:00:10

Grimison, Sharon449802:00:102:00:10

Grimison, Terence449772:00:102:00:10

Grimm, Pascal128570:51:530:51:53

Grimmer, Audrey135321:24:191:24:19

Grimshaw, Troy1620:36:290:36:29

Grindrod, Luke112320:47:200:47:20

Grinter, Jess241851:25:461:25:46

Grob, Melinda313221:49:201:49:20

Grobbelaar, Alexandra186541:01:131:01:13

Grobbelaar, Joachim186550:57:460:57:46

Grobbelaar, Joggie186560:56:430:56:43

Grobbelaar, Ronelle242760:57:470:56:47

Grobler, Catharina164800:59:390:59:39

Grobler, Johanes213581:07:361:07:36

Groch, Trudy49680:49:500:49:50

Grocott, Guy312461:45:251:45:25

Grocott, Janey312471:45:261:45:26

Grocott, Timothy312481:41:261:41:26

Grocutt, Christine161371:40:101:40:10

Groenewald, Nelus81711:08:111:08:11

Grogan, Peter99391:00:231:00:23

Grolimund, Liz119330:44:250:44:25

Gromof, Natasha198561:30:161:30:16

Grooby, Jacob13470:40:090:40:09

Groom, Nouri104060:52:510:51:01

Groom, Roy52120:41:460:41:46

Grosse, Hayley76640:53:430:53:43

Grosvenor, Frances166331:07:451:07:45

Groth, Xavier315552:06:522:06:52

Grotius, Jacqueline251081:35:131:35:13

Grove, Philip12520:44:400:44:40

Groves, Amelie261151:36:571:36:57

Groves, Angela36931:01:181:01:18

Groves, Gavin116160:58:070:58:07

Groves, Jo--Anne116170:58:050:58:05

Groves, Murdoch48030:47:120:47:12

Groves, Natalie177551:04:021:04:02

Grozinger, Nick7800:47:220:47:22

Grubb, Camille78090:55:530:55:53

Grubb, Eleanor267441:32:171:32:17

Gruber, Sarah239871:44:581:44:58

Grubnic, Andja215401:15:211:15:21

Gruenfeld, Hans12060:52:270:52:27

Grugan, John Charles65951:01:201:01:20

Grugan, Kathleen271931:21:521:21:52

Grujic, Goran232981:56:201:56:20

Grujic, Snezana232990:57:070:57:07

Grumley, Benjamin116380:45:360:44:26

Grundon, Ben67411:10:181:10:18

Grundy, Geoffrey120370:53:390:53:39

Grundy, Jess206131:44:331:44:33

Grundy, Oliver114290:52:100:52:10

Grundy, Shane4030:43:040:43:04

Grundy- Doyle, Dana439061:42:411:42:41

Grunert, Tenielle153111:10:361:10:36

Gryge, Chris77540:51:330:51:33

Gtay, Cameron112640:54:210:54:21

Guardado, Remberto37610:50:070:50:07

Guardala, Giuseppe80170:53:480:53:48

Guardala, Natalie80180:58:340:58:34

Guardala, Salvatore81131:00:571:00:57

Guarino, Natasha50081:00:341:00:04

Guarna, Caitlin54470:58:450:58:45

Gubbins, Nicholas23880:47:150:47:15

Guest, Sarah102171:10:281:10:28

Guest, Sarah215361:30:391:30:39

Guezennec, M152061:12:461:12:46

Guffin, Brioh119581:05:501:05:50

Guglielmi, Robert51330:47:010:47:01

Gugliucciello, Caterina165721:16:591:16:59

Guilhaurre, Eric75211:01:011:01:01

Guinan, Aisling227620:54:330:49:33

Gullery, Peggy313092:05:492:05:49

Gulley, Gerald45940:51:200:51:20

Gulley, Luke14580:42:570:42:57

Gulliver, Madison292791:41:041:41:04

Gulliver, Nicola292801:41:041:41:04

Gullo, Francesca143620:58:350:58:35

Gunaratna, Sulo104070:57:480:57:48

Gundry, Liz201271:12:221:12:22

Gundry, Nathan201261:05:341:05:34

Gunn, Caleb309011:36:091:36:09

Gunn, Haydon92090:46:390:46:39

Gunnell, Jonathan52220:59:50-00:20:18

Gunther, Bailey308342:13:272:13:27

Gunther, Carmen130431:08:181:08:18

Gunther, Yvonne293011:58:131:58:13

Gunton, Anthony125941:07:371:07:37

Guo, Xiao63170:46:240:46:24

Guo, Zhihao193932:02:532:02:53

Gurney, Elliot192031:10:121:10:12

Gurney, Juha192041:10:401:10:40

Gurske, Sarah156261:21:361:21:33

Gurski, Kelly26850:56:230:56:23

Gustar, Martin14120:48:190:46:29

Guthrie, Eric179441:09:311:09:31

Guthrie, Laura179431:13:291:13:29

Guthrie, Linda279811:40:131:40:13

Guthrie, Lucie179451:11:221:11:22

Guthrie, Paul89770:46:550:46:55

Guthrie, Vicky232722:07:502:07:50

Gutierrez, Aldo32481:24:101:24:10

Gutierrez, Marta244311:46:071:46:07

Guy, Corey239221:50:091:50:09

Guy, Glen94060:52:560:52:56

Guy, Jessica148091:00:281:00:28

Guy, Michelle167980:51:530:51:53

Guy, Neville240911:31:431:31:43

Guyatt, Rachel141391:03:021:03:02

Guyder, Richard173871:45:091:45:09

Guzy, Michael193010:56:250:56:25

Gwatking, Cameron66580:56:570:56:57

Gwekwete, Llewelin198510:55:590:55:59

Gwisai, Mudiwa176951:01:101:01:10

Gwyer, Jenny148231:20:231:20:23

Gwynne, Aeolyn15740:42:500:42:50

Gwynne, Deb290491:50:551:50:55

Gynn, Julia81690:51:350:51:35

H

H, Carmel187080:58:140:58:14

Ha, My-Duyen169491:01:190:54:09

Ha, Phuong222281:04:171:04:17

Haase, Karl428751:01:181:01:18

Habberjam, Blair50750:53:040:53:04

Haber, Nikala134941:12:181:12:18

Haberecht, Astrid113990:55:160:55:16

Haberkern, Nerida207330:53:590:53:59

Haberla, Shona328231:50:191:50:19

Habermann, Vincent60050:53:180:53:18

Haboosheh, Audrey78030:59:000:59:00

Hackethal, Andreas76610:56:450:56:45

Hackett, Frank181501:08:441:08:44

Hackett, Jerado73790:50:590:50:59

Hackett, Kerry266201:49:131:49:03

Hackett, Sue181511:08:441:07:59

Hackfath, Cale118230:55:050:55:05

Hackney, Shaun2060:37:570:37:57

Hackwood, Gordon143590:49:230:49:23

Hackwood, Robert19320:44:120:44:12

Hada, Keita8090:50:050:50:05

Hadden, Andrea308061:33:061:33:06

Haddock, Samantha260502:05:052:05:05

Haddrick, Eric98650:48:320:48:32

Haddrill, Amy279471:41:331:41:33

Hadfield, Katie44360:55:400:55:40

Hadgkiss, Kelly243981:50:131:50:13

Hadgraft, Adele145791:06:401:06:40

Haegel, Michelle60971:02:291:02:29

Haegel, Tony60960:46:330:46:33

Haetzman, Natalie147491:31:281:31:28

Hafey, Aidan57890:59:230:59:23

Hafey, Jody156701:50:431:50:43

Hafsteins, Natalie255401:41:191:41:19

Hagan, Carissa60030:56:520:56:45

Hagan, Janelle142601:02:331:02:33

Hagarty, Mick7850:45:010:45:01

Hagidimitriou, John285271:36:221:36:22

Hagstrom, Allan131170:52:490:52:49

Hague, Michael236081:44:001:44:00

Hahn, Laura311921:49:231:49:23

Haidle, Luke49050:52:240:52:24

Haig, James56351:05:221:05:22

Haigh, Lillian186631:05:451:04:55

Haim, Renee127341:02:101:02:10

Haimi, Peter43300:59:220:59:22

Haines, Darren126760:57:410:57:41

Haines, Heather148851:16:541:16:54

Haines, Korryn126751:10:381:10:38

Haines, Melita10280:54:000:54:00

Haines, Russell10210:46:000:46:00

Hains, Dougal104090:57:440:57:44

Hainsworth, Julie110110:55:540:55:54

Haisty, Jess20190:52:080:52:08

Haisty, Joe20180:47:390:47:39

Haisz, Emma186581:15:591:15:59

Hajduga, Agata55700:52:020:52:02

Hakaria, Carle171541:33:301:33:30

Haken, Allan96180:50:140:50:14

Halahala, Luseane50051:27:281:27:28

Haldane, Jeremy3020:45:230:45:23

Hale, Amanda200421:00:361:00:36

Hale, Jan267981:52:271:52:27

Hale, Kelli207911:08:531:08:53

Hale, Owen207901:08:461:08:46

Hale, Shaun232551:36:001:36:00

Hales, Alex147271:10:541:10:54

Hales, Anne127401:43:031:43:03

Hales, Ashleigh23640:54:050:54:05

Hales, Byron147331:10:541:10:54

Hales, Joseph127411:43:021:43:02

Hales, Megan117680:56:250:56:25

Hales, Ralph19370:46:300:46:30

Halferty, Brendan152551:31:521:31:52

Halfpapp, Alicia27111:18:461:18:46

Halfpapp, Jay83240:49:100:49:10

Halfpenny, Annalyce139931:06:471:06:47

Haling, Anthony19290:52:080:52:08

Haling, Mark118200:58:520:58:52

Hall, Adam51940:55:200:55:20

Hall, Alessandra249181:36:561:36:56

Hall, Berlinda58950:56:080:56:08

Hall, Brad111160:49:040:49:04

Hall, Brittany281451:20:371:20:37

Hall, Caitlin60780:50:580:50:58

Hall, Cameron210061:03:241:03:24

Hall, Chris195020:49:490:49:49

Hall, Gareth68620:39:150:39:15

Hall, Ian14370:47:230:47:23

Hall, James201741:06:041:06:04

Hall, James238231:25:011:25:01

Hall, Jason1390:36:390:36:39

Hall, John314662:23:112:22:02

Hall, Josh184200:58:250:58:25

Hall, Julie22190:49:590:49:59

Hall, Karen47130:50:310:50:31

Hall, Katie137671:08:461:08:46

Hall, Leonard164481:00:081:00:08

Hall, Lyn311461:37:421:37:42

Hall, Martin123101:43:431:43:43

Hall, Mary170001:19:351:19:35

Hall, Matthew27600:50:300:50:30

Hall, Matthew84990:50:260:50:26

Hall, Mel51340:55:490:55:49

Hall, Mitchell281461:20:371:20:37

Hall, Natalie-Anne70560:58:450:58:45

Hall, Pamela97910:56:000:56:00

Hall, Patrick116391:03:481:03:28

Hall, Paula257422:02:002:02:00

Hall, Phil141400:54:290:54:29

Hall, Philippa318821:38:191:38:19

Hall, Phillip Lloyd215701:29:461:29:46

Hall, Rob48090:47:390:47:39

Hall, Rodney209771:08:021:08:02

Hall, Samantha133561:00:220:59:12

Hall, Sarah160461:43:411:43:41

Hall, Simone86921:26:071:26:07

Hall, Tamara328641:24:511:24:51

Hall, Wendy94071:03:271:03:27

Hallagan, Antony12190:43:310:43:31

Hallahan, Jack255422:56:142:55:54

Hallahan, Matthew64870:55:420:55:42

Hallam, Angela128191:12:261:12:26

Hallas, Andrew31930:47:000:47:00

Halle, Claire144221:20:261:20:26

Halle, Marcus161611:19:091:19:09

Haller, Emma85611:34:561:34:56

Hallett, Emma104100:56:540:56:54

Hallett, Frances60901:02:081:02:08

Halley, Aleisha154921:10:471:10:47

Hallfridarson, Frosti1720:42:130:42:13

Halliburton, Sarah254691:42:561:42:56

Halliday, Darren114000:52:030:52:03

Halligan, Natalie174121:09:561:09:56

Halligan, Sean95090:47:390:47:39

Hallinan, Jo315542:06:522:06:52

Hallion, Laura-Jade29660:54:000:52:10

Hallo, John97820:45:060:45:06

Hallows, Neil35971:00:221:00:22

Halls, Ethan59900:47:340:47:34

Halls, Jessica38430:50:440:50:44

Halpin, Sarah269021:29:551:29:55

Halsall, Chris114710:35:220:35:22

Halstead, Nicholas317211:13:381:13:38

Halstead, Sean317221:24:531:24:53

Halstead, Tracey317201:36:231:36:23

Ham, Brent51830:52:240:52:24

Ham, Miriam178641:35:311:35:31

Ham, Suna190861:50:191:50:19

Ham, Tristan229360:55:470:55:47

Hamblin, Rachael98120:51:170:51:17

Hamilton, Amy46070:56:060:56:06

Hamilton, Charlotte257371:37:161:37:16

Hamilton, Chris116400:58:480:53:48

Hamilton, Claire138121:03:250:59:22

Hamilton, Deanne209141:33:211:33:21

Hamilton, Dorothy252061:38:501:38:50

Hamilton, Emma163581:04:421:04:42

Hamilton, Hamish46970:37:480:37:48

Hamilton, Jade176511:18:121:17:42

Hamilton, James90280:55:530:55:53

Hamilton, Jason117790:45:560:45:56

Hamilton, Jon157540:46:110:46:11

Hamilton, Kellie245311:52:071:52:07

Hamilton, Kitty81661:02:111:02:11

Hamilton, Lisa116961:09:351:09:35

Hamilton, Mark27340:55:370:55:37

Hamilton, Patricia257381:36:411:36:41

Hamilton, Robert252051:19:491:19:49

Hamilton, Scott195181:09:281:09:28

Hamilton, Terri212171:26:131:26:13

Hamiton, Amanda137871:18:481:14:53

Hamley, Ben174141:01:441:01:44

Hamley, Tom154091:01:391:01:39

Hamley, Trevor85001:01:391:01:39

Hamm, Emma76310:56:100:56:10

Hammer, Jessica49870:55:040:55:04

Hammerle, Christian201631:23:381:23:38

Hammett, Belinda55240:46:410:46:41

Hammond, Anne185971:00:001:00:00

Hammond, Deana86630:59:090:59:09

Hammond, Hannah191561:23:411:23:41

Hammond, Jessica228951:33:131:28:52

Hammond, Mark191551:27:231:27:23

Hammond, Michelle54410:49:020:49:02

Hammoud, Mary186661:20:541:20:54

Hamoy, Anabella242771:46:081:46:08

Hampson, David153081:02:261:02:26

Hampson, Deborah116030:59:550:59:55

Hampson, Lee241401:27:041:27:04

Hampson, Madison153061:01:531:01:53

Hampson, Taal307101:38:171:38:17

Han, Louise120731:09:511:09:51

Han, Sem188671:01:090:59:43

Hancock, Jamie268171:33:571:33:57

Hancock, Jordan446191:01:271:01:27

Hancock, Stewart10920:44:500:44:50

Hancock, Zachary54830:53:270:53:27

Hancox, Deborah314131:51:491:51:49

Handisides, Christine121740:57:080:57:08

Handley, Bridget241271:51:141:51:14

Handley, Brooke39090:54:260:54:26

Handley, Sheryl312101:46:111:46:11

Hands, Michael15470:47:400:47:40

Handyside, Dee260101:43:191:43:19

Handyside, Rob99201:00:191:00:19

Hanigan, Darrin237291:25:341:25:34

Hankin, Jaclyn446210:54:300:54:30

Hankins, Kristin127291:00:340:57:59

Hankinson, Adam119241:02:171:02:17

Hankinson, Graham142101:11:101:11:10

Hanley, Jenna320521:34:071:34:07

Hanley, Pam317401:41:551:41:55

Hanley, Perry38640:50:330:50:33

Hanley, Rachael64291:01:501:01:50

Hanley, Rhyll38671:25:371:25:37

Hanley, Tamara317411:41:551:41:55

Hanlon, Elaine249821:47:301:47:10

Hanlon, Sam154860:51:470:51:47

Hanmer, Patricia179621:53:231:53:23

Hanna, Peard182671:05:131:05:13

Hannaford-Maizey, T83911:15:411:15:41

Hannah, Alicia254671:42:561:42:56

Hannah, Bruce48520:52:120:52:12

Hannah, Ford315671:52:181:52:18

Hannah, Kellie199771:24:001:21:10

Hannah, Lachlan83530:54:290:54:29

Hannan, Paul110150:55:490:51:38

Hannan, Sophie184021:09:421:06:22

Hanrahan, Lisa200021:05:521:05:32

Hanrahan, Michael176771:01:411:01:41

Hanright, Carol263261:53:451:53:45

Hanright, Sharni263271:53:431:53:43

Hansen, Cara203141:15:311:15:31

Hansen, Conan214221:25:301:25:30

Hansen, Elizabeth318571:03:521:03:52

Hansen, Lisa105670:55:410:55:41

Hansen, Mark31090:51:310:51:31

Hansen, Michael74530:52:230:51:23

Hansen, Pauline148021:47:371:47:37

Hansen, Peter3410:45:180:45:18

Hansen, Wendy81460:52:360:52:36

Hansford, Nicki58701:00:281:00:28

Hansford, Sam54531:09:401:09:40

Hanson, Brad275621:03:331:03:33

Hanson, Erin219470:57:280:57:28

Hanson, Kate208821:06:401:06:40

Hanson, Kurt206640:55:400:55:40

Hanson, Louisa31781:00:411:00:21

Hanson, Lucy205110:52:170:52:17

Hanson, Sallyanne169161:19:561:19:56

Hanton, Brodie111010:57:480:57:48

Haora, Carly-Jade81271:14:591:14:59

Haora, Kelly103630:52:010:52:01

Hapgood, Anne-Maree247191:19:311:19:31

Hapgood, Corey247201:22:561:22:56

Hapgood, Ryan13420:53:050:53:05

Harbord, Sharon158811:28:051:28:05

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 665 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           April 26, 2000, Wednesday

IN THIS CORNER, DOUBT ON GRANT

BYLINE: BY TIM SMITH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 810 words

THE PEOPLE putting on the Lennox Lewis-Michael Grant heavyweight championship
fight at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night keep telling us that Grant is
the best and most deserving contender for Lewis' titles.

Ask anybody involved - executives with HBO, Main Events Promotions or the Garden
- and they will tell you that Grant is tall, strong, and athletic enough to
handle Lewis, even take away those titles. But the more I look at Grant's ring
record, the more I'm convinced that we're getting hoodwinked. Sure, he has TKO
victories over David Izon, Obed Sullivan, Ahmad Abdin and Andrew Golota. But are
those victories enough to make him a serious contender?

"If I didn't think he was ready, he wouldn't be in there," said Don Turner,
Grant's trainer.

Grant, 27, has benefited from some smart marketing from his promoters at Main
Events; solid backing from HBO, which gave him a long-term contract, and some
careful matchmaking. He captured our notice right after Mike Tyson bit Evander
Holyfield's ears in 1997. Grant was even billed as the anti-Tyson - a nice,
clean-cut young man who sings in his church choir.

Grant (31-0) is all that. But is he a legitimate contender for the heavyweight
crown? Or is he more marketing than Marciano?

Of course, we'll find out on Saturday night. Faced with the prospects of
Holyfield fighting John Ruiz, the WBA No. 1 contender, for that crown, Grant
-Lewis looks great. And having grown tired of Tyson's antics and looking for
something to cling to in boxing, we bought into Grant as the next great
heavyweight. He may be, but I'm not convinced that he is there, yet. Are there
more worthy opponents for Lewis? Sure there are. David Tua, IBF No. 1 contender,
is one.

Grant said he believes he deserves to be here.

"There was no wait list," he said. "I fought myself into this position."

There is no denying that Grant showed heart when he got up from two first-round
knockdowns and forced Golota to quit in the 10th round. Golota was outboxing
Grant in that fight and leading on the scorecards when he folded.

Lewis, the chess-playing pugilist that he is, saw that bout, looked at the
heavyweight chess board and decided to make his move. It's a great payday for
him ($10 million, the most he can make against any contender) and presents
little risk. It was a simple fight to make, because Main Events has promotional
contracts with both fighters and they're both under contract to HBO.

Kevin Barry, Tua's manager, believes that Lewis-Grant was made in HBO heaven.

"HBO has put a lot of money behind a Grant-Lewis fight and they had to have that
fight sooner more than later, before somebody else knocked off Michael Grant,"
Barry said.

Tua had a shot at Grant in November, but he said he passed because he wasn't
offered enough money ($1.5 million) to risk his standing as the IBF No. 1
contender. Golota replaced Tua. And, if you believe Barry, the victory over
Golota provided HBO and Main Events with the springboard they needed to make
Lewis-Grant.

"Where else could we go?" said Craig Hamilton, Grant's manager. "There is no one
between Golota and Lennox Lewis that it makes sense for us to fight. This is the
best fight right now for Michael."

Sadly for boxing, he's probably right. But that doesn't mean Grant is ready to
challenge Lewis.

If Grant knocks out Lewis, then I will be ready to ditch all my conspiracy
theories and embrace him as the new real deal (sorry, Evander). But if Lewis
beats Grant, then I will continue to believe that Elvis, JFK and Tupac are all
living on some remote island somewhere sipping pina coladas.

Dangerous ground: Grant sparred for two rounds yesterday against Corey Sanders,
sending shivers through the people putting on the fight. A cut or a broken nose
this late would mean disaster for TVKO, the pay-per-view carrier, and the
Garden. Turner said it's nothing out of the ordinary for his fighters. But he
said it was the last day of such action. . . . After a series of opponents for
Arturo Gatti fell through, Main Events matchmaker Carl Moretti believes he has
found the man - Eric Jakubowski of Chicago. Hedi Mohammed, a European
matchmaker, recently put Jakubowski in against Germany's Michael Trabant, the
WBO No. 1 welterweight contender, and he said Jakubowski held his own in losing
a decision. "He can box. He can move. He's not a killer, but he comes to work,"
Mohammed said. . . . Two bouts have been added to Kushner's "Heavyweight
Explosion" show at the Hammerstein Ballroom tomorrow night. Al (Ice) Cole
(31-5-1) will meet Frankie Swindell (37-19-2) in the main event and Shannon
Briggs (32-2-1) will fight Sedreck Fields (9-9) on the undercard. Also, Chris
Byrd, the new WBO heavyweight champion, will be ringside. . . . Condolences to
Seth Abraham, president of TimeWarner/HBO Sports, on the recent death of his
mother.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REUTER TALL STORY Michael Grant delivers six feet, seven inches of
heavyweight contender, or is that pretender?

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                          FOCUS - 666 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Polk Rhea counties to receive tourism enhancement grants

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Planning Association has issued the following news
release



  Polk County will receive a $20,000 tourism enhancement grant for 2017, one of
the 29 grant applications approved by the state's Economic and Community
Development Commission .





 Gov. Bill Haslam and Tennessee EDC Commissioner Randy Boyd made the
announcement of the grants late last week. Rhea County is the only other area
receiving a grant - for $50,000 - adjacent to Bradley County .



 Polk County Executive Hoyt Firestone said Friday that the grant will go toward
helping improve those tourism areas that already exist within the county.



 He said that the Southeast Tennessee Development Disrict is helping in
developing the plans to enhance tourism in Polk County .



 "We are already seen as a great tourist attraction area, and this will only
enhance tourism in Polk County ," Firestone said. He did not detail the exact
use for the grant funds.



 Commissioner Boyd said he was pleased to see Polk County and the others across
the state that will use the grant funds to better tourism opportunities.



 "I am happy to announce the 29 communities that have been awarded Tourism
Enhancement Grants," Boyd said. "Tourist development and economic development
have a great partnership with a common goal: making sure Tennessee and the
communities across the state are able to succeed and grow. With these grants,
each participating community has shown that they are investing in economic
development and the future growth in our state."



 Firestone noted that tourism is one of the most lucrative revenue sources for
Polk County . He echoed the comments of Haslam in pointing out how important
tourism is all across the state.



 "Tourism is an important part of our state economy," said Haslam, "and these
grants showcase how tourist development and economic development work together
to make our state not only a great place to live and work, but a top tourist
destination. With the assistance of these grants each community will be able to
grow and enhance their local tourism assets."



 The Tourism Enhancement Grants are funded through the Rural Economic
Opportunity Act, which is designed to improve the economic indicators in rural
communities across Tennessee . Announcements will follow this spring for Site
Development Grants, Main Street Entrepreneur Grants and Asset-Enhancement Grants
for distressed communities.



 "Arguably the only thing about this program more exciting than announcing the
grant recipients is the opportunity it provides these communities," Tennessee
Department of Tourist Development Commissioner Kevin Triplett said. "The Tourism
Enhancement Grants help enhance local tourism assets, which is an integral part
of every county in Tennessee . Our partners at TNECD realize how critical these
assets are in regards to tourism and economic development and I am thankful for
the commitment to helping these communities grow."



 An advisory committee made up of staff from the Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development , the Tennessee Department of Tourist
Development , the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation and the
Tennessee Department of Agriculture selected the 29 communities from a pool of
50 grant applications.



 Each grant application had a limit of $50,000 .



 The grants awarded include 14 communities that will receive the $50,000 grant.
In East Tennessee , those communities to get the largest grants include Anderson
County , Jefferson County / City of Dandridge , and Washington County / City of
Jonesborough , along with Rhea County . Other East Tennessee communities that
will receive grants include Campbell County , Carter County,and Cocke County .



 "We are proud to be one of those communities to receive the tourism enhancement
grant, and know it will help us promote our county," Firestone said.



 Each application was supported by the community's senator and representative in
the Tennessee General Assembly .



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 667 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           March 11, 1998, Wednesday

Mayor set to bite bullet on police grant battle

BYLINE: ANNE LINDBERG

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 766 words

DATELINE: PINELLAS PARK



(ran East, South editions)

The new mayor says it's time for the city to cut its losses, repay the  federal
government more than $ 200,000 in disputed money and give up a police  grant.

But Mayor Bill Mischler said Pinellas Park taxes will not increase as a  result.

The problems with the disputed grant were the fault of the city government,  he
said, and residents should not have to pay for those mistakes.

The money to repay the federal government and to pay for police hired under  the
grant will have to come from elsewhere in the budget.

"We have to give up the COPS grant," Mischler said. "We're going to have  to
tighten our belt. . . . If we goofed, we have to tighten our belt."

Mischler's proposal to repay the disputed funds and dump the grant has  support
among City Council members.

"I'm ready to get it behind us," council member Rick Butler said.

Council member Chuck Williams was also eager to put an end to Pinellas  Park's
wrangling with the federal government. But he wants to wait until the  city
receives a reply on its latest settlement offer, which was sent earlier  this
year.

"If that's a no, then let's get out of it," Williams said. "Since we've  sent
the letter, let's at least see what the answer is."

The roots of Pinellas Park's dispute with the federal government began a  few
years ago when the city was awarded a three-year, $ 750,000 federal grant  to
enhance community policing.

Under the terms of the grant, Pinellas Park agreed to hire 10 new police
officers.

However, shortly before receiving the grant, Pinellas Park had raised taxes  to
pay for eight new police officers and other items in a public safety  package.
The city then hired the eight officers.

After receiving the grant, the city hired two more officers and used the
federal money to pay for those two officers plus the eight hired before the
grant. The next year, the city lowered its tax rate because it had gotten the
federal grant.

Last spring, federal auditors said Pinellas Park had violated the terms of  the
grant because it had used the money to pay for the eight officers who were
already on the payroll. That's called supplanting, the auditors said, and they
demanded the money be returned.

They gave the city three expensive choices:

Hire eight new officers with local funds.

These officers would be in addition to any other hiring Pinellas Park has
planned. The city would have to maintain these officers and all other officers
during the grant period, then for the length of time the city was in violation
of the conditions of the grant and for two additional years. Federal officials
would evaluate the city's compliance.

Adding eight officers would cost $ 852,075 over three years, according to  the
city's finance department. That figure does not include the two years  after the
grant and penalty phase end, when the officers would have to be  retained.

Pay back $ 231,413 and keep the COPS grant.

To complete the grant, the city would have to hire eight new police  officers
with local funds for at least the remainder of the grant.

The city's finance department has estimated this would cost $ 639,584.  Again,
that does not include the cost of employing the officers after the  grant ends.

Repay $ 231,413 and withdraw from the grant.

Under this option, Pinellas Park would forfeit the remainder of the grant
money.

Also, Pinellas Park would have to repay $ 127,005 for the officers' pay this
year. The city also would lose $ 188,800 in grant revenue. That would bring the

 total cost of this option to $ 547,218.

Pinellas Park has objected to returning the money.

The city's latest offer contained three components:

The city will retain all 10 officers on staff.

Pinellas Park will repay $ 231,413 to the COPS grant program. That's the  amount
received during the first year of the program, the only year the audit  found
violations. The amount would be paid over a reasonable time.

Pinellas Park would receive the rest of the grant money.

But council members said at the time the offer was made that they did not  hold
much hope that the federal government would accept the proposal.

Then-council member Ron Forbes, a former police chief, said the federal
government was just waiting for Pinellas Park to choose one of the three
options. Forbes said it was time for the city to cut its losses.

City Manager Jerry Mudd said he has not heard from the federal government.  It's
possible, he said, that officials were waiting until after the Pinellas  Park
election.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 668 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 15, 1998, Sunday

Mayor set to bite bullet on police grant battle

BYLINE: ANNE LINDBERG

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 763 words

DATELINE: PINELLAS PARK



(ran West)

The new mayor says it's time for the city to cut its losses, repay the  federal
government more than $ 200,000 in disputed money and give up a police  grant.

But Mayor Bill Mischler said Pinellas Park taxes will not increase as a  result.

The problems with the disputed grant were the fault of the city government,  he
said, and residents should not have to pay for those mistakes.

The money to repay the federal government and to pay for police hired under  the
grant will have to come from elsewhere in the budget.

"We have to give up the COPS grant," Mischler said. "We're going to have  to
tighten our belt. . . . If we goofed, we have to tighten our belt."

Mischler's proposal to repay the disputed funds and dump the grant has  support
among City Council members.

"I'm ready to get it behind us," council member Rick Butler said.

Council member Chuck Williams was also eager to put an end to Pinellas  Park's
wrangling with the federal government. But he wants to wait until the  city
receives a reply on its latest settlement offer, which was sent earlier  this
year.

"If that's a no, then let's get out of it," Williams said. "Since we've  sent
the letter, let's at least see what the answer is."

The roots of Pinellas Park's dispute with the federal government began a  few
years ago when the city was awarded a three-year, $ 750,000 federal grant  to
enhance community policing.

Under the terms of the grant, Pinellas Park agreed to hire 10 new police
officers.

However, shortly before receiving the grant, Pinellas Park had raised taxes  to
pay for eight new police officers and other items in a public safety  package.
The city then hired the eight officers.

After receiving the grant, the city hired two more officers and used the
federal money to pay for those two officers plus the eight hired before the
grant. The next year, the city lowered its tax rate because it had gotten the
federal grant.

Last spring, federal auditors said Pinellas Park had violated the terms of  the
grant because it had used the money to pay for the eight officers who were
already on the payroll. That's called supplanting, the auditors said, and they
demanded the money be returned.

They gave the city three expensive choices:

Hire eight new officers with local funds.

These officers would be in addition to any other hiring Pinellas Park has
planned. The city would have to maintain these officers and all other officers
during the grant period, then for the length of time the city was in violation
of the conditions of the grant and for two additional years. Federal officials
would evaluate the city's compliance.

Adding eight officers would cost $ 852,075 over three years, according to  the
city's finance department. That figure does not include the two years  after the
grant and penalty phase end, when the officers would have to be  retained.

Pay back $ 231,413 and keep the COPS grant.

To complete the grant, the city would have to hire eight new police  officers
with local funds for at least the remainder of the grant.

The city's finance department has estimated this would cost $ 639,584.  Again,
that does not include the cost of employing the officers after the  grant ends.

Repay $ 231,413 and withdraw from the grant.

Under this option, Pinellas Park would forfeit the remainder of the grant
money.

Also, Pinellas Park would have to repay $ 127,005 for the officers' pay this
year. The city also would lose $ 188,800 in grant revenue. That would bring the

 total cost of this option to $ 547,218.

Pinellas Park has objected to returning the money.

The city's latest offer contained three components:

The city will retain all 10 officers on staff.

Pinellas Park will repay $ 231,413 to the COPS grant program. That's the  amount
received during the first year of the program, the only year the audit  found
violations. The amount would be paid over a reasonable time.

Pinellas Park would receive the rest of the grant money.

But council members said at the time the offer was made that they did not  hold
much hope that the federal government would accept the proposal.

Then-council member Ron Forbes, a former police chief, said the federal
government was just waiting for Pinellas Park to choose one of the three
options. Forbes said it was time for the city to cut its losses.

City Manager Jerry Mudd said he has not heard from the federal government.  It's
possible, he said, that officials were waiting until after the Pinellas  Park
election.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 669 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

GRANT STREET'S SHAME LIES IN SOURCE OF NAME

BYLINE: Brian O'Neill

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 687 words


Most people walking down Grant Street couldn't tell you which Grant it's
honoring.

I asked 11 people at the northeast corner of Grant and Fifth, just across the
street from the courthouse plaque honoring this obscure Grant, and only one guy
had even a clue.

Hint: It's not Ulysses S. Grant. It's not Cary. It's not Lou, Hugh, Amy, Lee,
Mudcat or Federal Grant either. No, the grand boulevard of the Golden Triangle,
the seat of power in Western Pennsylvania, is named for one of the greatest
losers ever to pass this way.

To anyone out there for whom the name James Grant is no revelation, I apologize.
Take a sec to pat yourselves on the back while I tell the others about this
British major. The pompous dolt defied orders and attacked the French and their
Native American allies outside Fort Duquesne in September 1758 and got nearly
half his 800 men killed, wounded or captured.

Grant was one of those captured. Upon his release, he pitched the blame to his
colonial troops. What a loser.

For this he gets a street? Finding out this is the Grant we're honoring is like
finding out Pittsburgh chose Zeppo as its favorite Marx Brother. (For the
record, Robert Buell of Plum was the only guy I encountered at Fifth and Grant
who knew the British major was the street's honoree, though even Mr. Buell
couldn't recall his first name.)

Every so often, somebody tries to do something about this. When Mayor Richard
Caliguiri died in May 1988, his successor, Sophie Masloff, proposed renaming the
street Caliguiri Boulevard. That bunched up the shorts of the tenants in the
36-story Grant Building, and plenty of others up and down the street started
carping about the cost of new stationery.

The city decided to honor Mayor Caliguiri with a statue instead.

About five years ago, Donn Neal, former president of Friends of the Fort Pitt
Museum, suggested in a Post-Gazette Forum piece that the street be renamed Steel
Avenue. Mr. Neal said that if James Grant should be remembered for anything, it
would be for his "intense anti-Americanism." In the American Revolution, Grant
made "repeated recommendations that Boston, New York City, Philadelphia . . . be
torched."

Grant is said to have boasted in 1775 he'd "go from one end of America to the
other and geld all the males.'' If anyone else had said that, the minutemen
might have marched cross-legged, but this was James Grant making the threat, and
he predictably came nowhere close.

Charles McCollester of Mount Washington says Grant Street ought be rededicated
to a more worthy man, the Grant whom some think it's already named for: Ulysses
S. Grant. Mr. McCollester has asked Mayor Bill Peduto and city council to
rededicate the street to this worthy Grant in time for April 9, the 150th
anniversary of Grant's acceptance of Confederate General Robert E. Lee's
surrender. Mr. McCollester has written a resolution, with all the proper
whereases, to that effect.

Many historians haven't been kind to Ulysses S. Grant, pointing to corruption in
his administration. But Mr. McCollester, a retired professor of industrial and
labor relations at Indiana University of Pennsylvania, is convinced our 18th
president has been unfairly maligned (not unlike a certain Rust Belt city I'm
fond of).

As a Civil War general, Grant "preserved the Union and achieved the practical
ending of slavery." As president, "he enforced the Fourteenth Amendment by
blocking the reinstatement of Southern states that denied black citizens the
right to vote, and he vigorously supported and signed the Fifteenth Amendment
that explicitly guaranteed black suffrage,'' Mr. McCollester said.

"It should be noted that black male citizens of Pittsburgh only regained their
right to vote by this federal amendment that rendered null the shameful
Pennsylvania Constitution of 1838 that stripped blacks of their right to vote in
the commonwealth,'' he said. "Allegheny County can be proud that a majority of
its citizens opposed this undemocratic constitution of 1838.''

Grant Street isn't known to work fast. But renaming it for a winner rather than
a loser is worthy of discussion. Give me Ulysses, don't give me James.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Brian O'Neill: boneill@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1947.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                          FOCUS - 670 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Biographer of Ulysses S. Grant delivers details, both fascinating and tepid

BYLINE:  By Harry Levins Special to the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: A&E; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 679 words


Scholar and biographer Ronald C. White Jr. has written three books about Abraham
Lincoln, our 16th president. Now, White turns his attention to the 18th
president, with "American Ulysses," subtitled "A Life of Ulysses S. Grant."

Given the St. Louis region's attachments to Grant - his first duty post after
graduating from West Point was Jefferson Barracks, and nearby, he met Julia
Dent, the woman who would become his wife - "American Ulysses" should get a good
reception here.

When Grant died in 1885, the nation mourned him as a great man, worthy to be
ranked with Lincoln and George Washington. Afterward, Grant's reputation went
downhill, with critics calling him a drunkard who turned a blind eye as
president to the corruption of his underlings.

Author White will have none of that. He writes that Grant drank moderately and
was unaware that his underlings were cleverly hiding their misdoings. At any
rate, White says, Grant was beyond reproach in performing his own duties. White
depicts Grant as a man of modesty, calmness and honesty who had a West Point
graduate's upstanding view of duty.

Alas, much of this book sidetracks into regiment-and-road-junction accounts of
battles, although the many maps help readers. The book also details turf fights
around Grant, first between his generals and then among his bureaucrats. This
stuff would have been of great interest to Americans of Grant's time. But today
... well, think about how interested 22nd-century Americans will be in Hillary
Clinton's emails and Donald Trump's call for a border wall.

Still, White recounts some fascinating details. Among them:

- In St. Louis, Grant's wife owned slaves - and, for a time, Grant, too, owned
one but later freed the man.

- Although the Army commissioned Grant in the foot-slogging infantry, he rode
horses with great skill.

- In 1862, Grant expelled Jews from his command area, alleging that Jewish
traders were smuggling cotton northward. But after his first election to the
White House, he reconciled with Jews, who had supported him heavily.

- Despite Grant's record as a slave-owner, he turned after the war against the
Ku Klux Klan and all but swept the black vote in 1872. (White also gives readers
the origin of the term Ku Klux Klan: College men among Confederate veterans,
"recalling the Greek-letter fraternities then becoming popular in the South,
suggested the group adopt the Greek kuklos, meaning 'circle' or 'band,' and then
extend it by alliteration of 'Ku Klux Klan.'")

- Partly because of his Western experience in the Mexican War, Grant also stood
up for the rights of Native Americans.

Grant became friends with Missouri's Mark Twain, who urged Grant to write his
memoirs. The response: "Grant told him he had no confidence in his ability to
write well." But Twain finally won over Grant, who came down with throat cancer
while writing his book. He struggled but managed to wrap it up shortly before
his death.

His "Personal Memoirs" won high praise at the time. Twain called the book "a
great, unique and unapproachable literary masterpiece." Even today, most critics
rank the book among the best post-presidential offerings. Recently deceased
writer Gore Vidal called Grant "a man of first-rate intelligence" and calls his
book "a classic."

Alas, Grant's book stops at the end of the Civil War.

If you're expecting out-of-town company in the coming year, you might want to
wade through "American Ulysses" before taking those guests to Grant's Farm.
You'll impress your guests with your detailed knowledge.

And if this book review has annoyed you, I'll respond with Grant's own words in
a letter to his wife after his father wrote the general to complain about
negative press coverage of Grant in the Battle of Shiloh:

"The latter seems very anxious that I should contradict the statements made by
the newspapers! Doesn't he know the best contradiction in the world is to pay no
attention to them?"

> Harry Levins of Manchester retired in 2007 as senior writer of the
Post-Dispatch.

---

"American Ulysses" By Ronald C. White Jr. Published by Random House, 823 pages,
$35

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:    Nonfiction

GRAPHIC:  "American Ulysses" By Ronald C. White Jr.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 671 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 22, 2015

WCDA grants $820,485 in spring awards

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 648  words


The Worth County Development Authority awarded $820,484.71 in 45 grants to Worth
County and regional organizations at its spring awards ceremony held on April
15.

The awards announced last week included $649,283.44 in grants in Worth County.
Regional grants totaled $171,201.27

The latest round of grants brought the total awarded to Worth County schools and
students and grants to Worth County and the region to over $34 million.

Several grants given out in the evening had special meaning for the community.
Six grants, totaling $58,730, were awarded for statues representing Worth County
communities, to be placed at the Worth County fairgrounds and in their
corresponding cities.

One of the project's principal proponents and strongest supporters was founding
WCDA member and Worth County Supervisor Dennis May, who passed away in November
of last year.

Those receiving the grants for the statues recalled May's dedication to the
project as a way to foster a shared sense of community amongst Worth's cities.

The statue grants include four for the fairgrounds itself, totaling $37,826.
Funds will be used to purchase the Hanlontown and Joice statues. One grant will
make it possible to install the infrastructure to light the lantern held in the
hands of the train conductor that is the statue for the city of Manly. The
statue representing Northwood, a recreation of the L.T. Dillon clock, will be
made into a working clock with the other grant.

Hanlontown and Joice also each received a grant for the corresponding statues in
their communities.

The largest grant of the evening, $162,383, went to the City of Manly, for
improvements to Bosworth Park. The funds will be used to build a handicap
accessible shelter house and two handicap accessible bathrooms.

Groups in the city of Manly received more grants than the rest of Worth County
communities in the latest round of grants, with $252,251.74. Other grants in
Manly included funds for the Manly Public Library for a computer and software to
help young children safely access the internet to take advantage of literacy
programs and for work on the library's exterior; to equipment a Manly Police
Department squad car; to fix the pavement near the Manly Senior Center; and for
a new utility vehicle and tools for the city crew.

The second largest grant went to Northern Light Masonic Lodge #266 in Northwood,
which received $109,068 for renovations to its dining room. The lodge also
received a grant of $7,578.94 for tables and chairs.

Groups in the city of Northwood received a total of $169,538.14 in grants. Other
projects in Northwood receiving grant funds included a new phone system at the
Worth County Extension office, windows at the Northwood Community Center,
scoreboards at the ball diamonds in Swensrud Park, a Northwood police car and
the ongoing restoration of older grave markers in Sunset Rest Cemetery.

Projects for the City of Hanlontown totaled $31,085. That included its statue
and turnout gear for the Hanlontown Fire Department.

Grants for Kensett projects totaled $29,961.27 and included a lawn tractor, a
lift station building and funds to the Worth County Historical Society to
restore the log cabin in Kensett.

The city of Fertile received one grant, for $22,965, for a new emergency siren.

Joice groups received $12,895. That included the community statue and a
defibrillator pack for the Joice Fire Department.

Other grants to Worth County groups included funds for a shed and mounting
platform for Serenity Acres, which provides interaction with horses for
therapeutic purposes; a shelter house at the Izaak Walton League north of
Kensett; and funds for renovation of the steeple at Silver Lake Lutheran Church.

The largest regional grant was for $31,511.25, which went to the North Iowa
Community Emergency Response Team. The funds will be used for a truck to help
the group provide assistance in times of emergency.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The Northwood Anchor


                          FOCUS - 672 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 15, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

Bicyclist Sentenced To Life for Murder; Victim Accidentally Bumped Him on Road

Ruben Castaneda, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 707 words



Fighting to maintain composure, the father of a woman shot to death last October
by a bicyclist she had accidentally bumped with her car told a Prince George's
County Circuit Court judge yesterday that the slaying had wrecked his life.

"Why did this happen?" Eligio Enriquez asked at the sentencing hearing for
Alejandro Jose Grant, convicted of first-degree murder in the death of
Enriquez's daughter Joy Estrella Mariano. "Is this the price for having a
Christian attitude," a reference to the fact his daughter stopped to make sure
Grant was all right before he shot her in the head.

As the grieving father spoke, Grant, clad in orange jail clothes and manacled at
the ankles, looked down at the defense table and openly and loudly began to
weep.

"He can still share happy birthdays with his loved ones, but what about me?"
Enriquez asked.

Judge Sheila R. Tillerson-Adams minced no words: "You are a danger to society,"
she told Grant. "And it is this court's hope that you will not be in society any
time soon."

She sentenced Grant, 27, to life in prison without parole on the murder charge,
and then she sentenced Grant to an additional 20 years in jail for using a
handgun while committing a felony.

The sentence capped an emotional and eventful day at the Upper Marlboro
courthouse. In addition to bawling during Enriquez's comments to the court,
Grant earlier yesterday slugged a sheriff's deputy, then bragged about the
murder he had committed within earshot of another deputy and finally asked the
judge to sentence him to death.

That request came after Tillerson-Adams asked Grant if he had anything to say
before she sentenced him. Surrounded by three sheriff's deputies, including the
one he had slugged earlier, Grant looked down at the defense table and, in a
voice barely above a whisper, said, "I'm sorry for what happened. I just want
[the victim's] family to know that I feel the same pain as they do."

Grant told the judge he "didn't really feel like living" and asked her to impose
the death penalty.

Grant's attorney, Assistant Public Defender Clayton Aarons, had asked
Tillerson-Adams to sentence Grant to the Patuxent Institution, a prison with a
psychiatric facility that does not typically take inmates serving life
sentences.

"I think it is evident he has an anger-management problem," Aarons said.
Tillerson-Adams, however, brushed aside the request for special placement,
telling Grant, who has a lengthy record of committing violent assaults, that
attempts at rehabilitation would probably be futile.

"Your behavior is too unpredictable," she told Grant. Grant's slaying of
Enriquez drew widespread attention because it was so brazen.

Enriquez, a physical therapy student at Montgomery College, was driving to
school on Oct. 8 when she accidentally bumped Grant, who was riding his bicycle,
at the intersection of University Boulevard and Riggs Road in Adelphi. Grant
tipped over and fell but was not injured, and Enriquez pulled over to make sure
he was all right.

As rush-hour motorists and pedestrians watched in horror, Grant went over to
Enriquez and screamed, "You don't know me!" as he put a gun to her head and
fired.

Grant then calmly got back on his bicycle and rode away, but witnesses called
police, who, with the help of bystanders who had followed the killer, captured
him within minutes.

In urging Tillerson-Adams to impose the maximum life sentence on Grant,
Assistant State's Attorney Fran Longwell told the judge that Grant had, without
provocation, assaulted a sheriff's deputy just before he was brought into the
courtroom. (Later, Longwell said the attack on the deputy occurred inside the
courthouse's holding cell and left the deputy with a slightly swollen lip.)

The prosecutor questioned the claim by Aarons that Grant is remorseful about the
slaying.

"He had no remorse [when he killed Enriquez], and he has no remorse now,"
Longwell said. Longwell told the judge that moments before Grant was to be
sentenced, another deputy had overheard Grant bragging to other inmates about
the murder. "He was bragging about killing her, bragging that he'd kill her
again," Longwell said.

JOY ESTRELLA MARIANO ALEJANDRO JOSE GRANT



LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                          FOCUS - 673 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 22, 1990, Thursday, City Edition

Grant Ford being sold Father and son say they're burned out on car business

BYLINE: DENISE L. SMITH

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 645 words



Bruce Grant, president of the Bill Grant Ford dealership in St.  Petersburg,
would rather brave angry crocodiles, poisonous snakes and malaria than face
another irate car buyer.

    William J. Grant Jr., his 65-year-old father who retired from the dealership
four years ago but still directs it, says he, too, is burned out.

    So on Wednesday, the elder Grant announced he would sell the dealership, one
of St. Petersburg's oldest, to the Carlisle family, owner of Carlisle Lincoln
Mercury, for an undisclosed sum. The sale, which affects 150 employees at the
dealership, is final April 1.

    "There is a time to stop anything," the elder Grant said of the business his
father founded in downtown St. Petersburg in 1934.

    "I grew up in it as a young man. When I got out of the Air Force in 1946, I
started there and have been in it for 44 years. That's longer than most people
work in their lifetimes. I'm not tired of the (car sales) business; I'm just
tired."

    Bruce Grant, who had been running things on a day-to-day basis since 1986,
said he plans to open a safari booking agency, Grant Adventures International
Inc., in Palmetto after the sale. The 37-year-old Grant has been arranging
hunting, fishing and photography safaris in Africa and Europe since his first
hunting trip in Tanzania with his father in 1983.

    Bruce Grant also is part-owner of a fishing company and a crocodile farm on
Benguela, a tiny island off Mozambique. Last October he braved cobras and black
mamba snakes, not to mention angry mother crocodiles, to collect his first
harvest of eggs.

    "In Africa, if you mess up, it can kill you," Bruce Grant said.  "There are
so many things out there that want to eat you."

    But the automobile business has proven even more of a hassle, he said.

    "The car business is not fun like it used to be, what with government
regulations and (angry) customers," he said. Increased competition, encroaching
car companies and crooked practices at other dealerships helped seal his
wanderlusthe said.

     "I got sick, burned out," said the younger Grant. "I said, "To the hell
with it; I want to live a little longer.' '

    The decision signals the end of decades of Grant leadership at the dealer
lot.

    William Grant Sr. got into the car sales business during the 1920s, when all
Fords came in one color black and the sticker prices seldom exceeded $ 600.
Grant founded the St. Petersburg dealership in 1934, after two previous attempts
failed, casualties of hurricanes and the Depression.

    In downtown St. Petersburg, the business survived on the few wealthy people
who could still afford to go south for the winter and buy a car. When Bill Grant
Sr. retired in 1961, his son took over, moving the dealership to its site on
busy 34th Street N., the center of growth in the county.

    William Grant Jr. was initially surprised at his son's decision to bail out
of the business, but he said he supports the new venture. In fact, Bruce Grant
is planning a Grant family outing in Africa this July, mothers-in-law,
grandchildren and all.

    Dan Carlisle, president of Carlisle Lincoln Mercury, said the purchase
enables his family to sell all of Ford Motor Co's car labels.

    Carlisle is already one of the largest Lincoln Mercury dealerships in the
country, with sales of $ 92-million last year. Grant Ford, by comparison, sold $
37-million in trucks and less expensive Ford cars last year, down from the $
45-million to $ 50-million in annual sales during the early 1980s.

    Carlisle said he has not decided how many of the Grant dealership's 150
employees he will keep, but the company will continue to operate separately.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, FRASER HALE; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Courtesy
Bill Grant Ford; William Grant Jr.; William Grant Sr. sends his son William
Grant Jr., off to Michigan in 1947

                            Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 674 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    March 26, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Funding formula limits class size

BYLINE: JOHN IBBITSON; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: CITY; Pg. D2

DATELINE: TORONTO


Here is how schools will be funded under the new model announced yesterday by
Education Minister Dave Johnson:

- Foundation grants: Schools will receive a basic foundation grant of $ 3,367
times the number of elementary students in the school, or $ 3,953 times the
number of secondary students. This core budget pays for teachers and teaching
assistants, textbooks, computers and classrooms supplies, library and guidance
support, teaching consultants and school administration. In elementary schools,
the average class size can be no larger than 25, and in high schools, 22.

Total grant: $ 7 billion plus $ 1.2 billion for class-size protection.

As well, there are nine special grants that may be awarded to schools.

- Special education: Each school board will be entitled to a block grant to
cover the needs of gifted students or students with learning disabilities. Six
hundred million dollars ($ 300 per student) will go to such things as one-on-one
teaching, special computers, and aids for visually or hearing impaired students.
An additional $ 400 million will be available for students with exceptional
needs, providing such things as full-time teaching assistants.

Total grant: $ 1 billion.

- Language grant: Schools will be funded based on the number of students with
specific language needs. There will be funds for French-language programs,
including core, extended, and French immersion programs. There will also be
funds for students studying English as a second language, French as a first
language, native languages and international languages. But while early French
immersion funding will continue, core French and extended French up until Grade
3 will be cut, for a $ 35-million saving.

Total grant: $ 374 million

- Early learning: A per-pupil grant equal to half the elementary foundation
grant will be available for schools that wish to provide junior kindergarten.
Schools that don't want the program will receive $ 600 per student to supplement
programs between kindergarten and Grade 3.

Grant for junior kindergarten: $ 230 million.

Grant for junior kindergarten substitutes: $ 102 million

- Learning opportunities: Schools with students at risk because of social and
economic disadvantage will be entitled to this grant, to be used on remedial
reading programs, tutors and counsellors, summer school and after-school
programs, breakfast and lunch programs and other initiatives. Boards will need
to provide data bases detailing family income, parental education, immigration
and aboriginal statistics to qualify.

Total grant: $ 185 million.

- Geographic grant: Available to large boards covering remote or rural areas.
The funding is to offset higher supply costs and costs of running smaller
schools for sparse populations.

Total grant: $ 176 million.

- Teacher compensation grant: For schools with a high percentage of older,
higher-paid, teachers.

Total grant: $ 823 million.

- Adult and continuing education grant: Schools with adults over 21 are entitled
to grants of $ 2,257 per student. Many boards say this will be insufficient to
sustain daytime programs for adult students, who will be required to take those
courses at night.

Total grant: $ 187 million.

- Transportation grant: Boards will be expected to reduce funding for buses by
developing joint busing services with other boards. Transportation funding for
this year, however, will be stable.

Total grant: $ 560 million

- Administration and governance: Board head offices must sharply curtail
spending.

Funding of $ 424 million will be available, 29 per cent less than was spent last
year.

As well, total grants of $ 1.7 billion will be available for school maintenance,
as well as for new, expanded or improved schools. Funding will be based on
formulas, rather than block grants.



LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1998

LENGTH: 639 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 675 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                February 2, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Get grants and supports for your business

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 79

LENGTH: 585 words


I AM a business start up, What Grants and supports are available for my
Business? QA The list of organisations that provide grant support might seem
overwhelming as there are many different supports for different sectors and
industries depending on the type of business. The following enterprise agencies
provide excellent grant support for SME's that qualify.

YOUR LOCAL ENTERPRISE OFFICE Wexford Local Enterprise Office provides the
following financial supports for business.

- Priming Grant for a business start up less than 18 months trading. This grant
may be available for sole traders, partnerships, or Limited companies. Eligible
clients may be awarded a Priming Grant within the first eighteen months of
setting up the business.

- Business Expansion Grant is available to a business trading for more than 2
years.

- Feasibility/Innovation Grants are available to assist the promoter with
researching market demand for product. The maximum Feasibility /Innovation Grant
payable shall be 50% of the investment or (EURO)20,000 whichever is the lesser.

- On-line Trading Voucher - Small businesses can now apply for a digital voucher
to assist in helping their business trade online. Businesses will be able to
apply for grants of up to (EURO)2,500 for this purpose.

- Mentorship grants are also available to help business owners access a mentor
to help develop their business.

For more information contact Wexford Local Enterprise office on 053 9196020 or
log onto www.localenterprise.ie/Wexford/ ENTERPRISE IRELAND Enterprise Ireland
is responsible for supporting High Potential Start Up Companies. The grants
available to a company who qualifies would be Feasibility Grants, Innovation
vouchers worth (EURO)5000 to assist in the early stages of research, Mentorship
Grants, Competitive start funds for companies that have a well-developed
business plan and need to raise investment for their businesses.

For established small and medium sized companies in manufacturing and
internationally traded services sector with over 10 employees, there are a
number of funding supports available. This includes: Market Research &
Internationalisation grants; Business development grants; Mentorship and
consultancy grants; Productivity and business process lean grants to help your
business reduce costs and become more competitive; Company expansion packages
Funding supports are also available for large companies that employ over 250
employees. The grants available for companies that meet the criteria are:;
Market Research & Internationalisation grants; Research and Development grants;
Business Process Lean Plus and Lean Transform Grant. Contact your Enterprise
Ireland Advisor to discuss on 01 7272000.

WEXFORD LOCAL DEVELOPMENT The primary focus of the grants available is for rural
development enterprises that are in start-up and expanding including, tourism
activities and diversification into no-agricultural activities. Rates of grant
aid available are:; 75% of capital costs to a maximum of (EURO)150,000; 75% of
training costs to a maximum of (EURO)150,000; 75% of research costs to a maximum
of (EURO)30,000. Contact Wexford local development Office on 053 9155800.

Jim Doyle ACMA QFA is a partner in RDA Accountants, offering full accountancy,
business advisory, tax advisory and financial services RDA Accountants | 5 Upper
George Street, Wexford | Louisville House, Waterford Road, Kilkenny | 053
9170507 | www.rda.ie RDA Wealth Ltd trading as RDA Accountants is regulated by
the Central Bank of Ireland

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 676 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 10, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

ECONOMIC-AID REQUESTS AFFECTED BY FREEZE ON GOVERNMENT FUNDS

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 9


Following are the Economic Development Administration grant and loan
applications from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut that have been frozen by
the Federal Government:

New York State

New York City Grants
Caring Community, $600,000 to rehabilitate the old Food and Maritime High
School, 208 W. 13th St., as a cook-training school. Harlem Commonwealth Council,
$400,000 to develop commercial site. Harlem Interfaith Council, $875,000 to
rehabilitate building. Vita and Phillips buildings, $75,000 for rehabilitation.
Brooklyn Army Terminal, $4.5 million for acquisition by city for industrial
site.  Fordham Plaza, $2.7 million to convert former post office to business
use. Harlem Community Council, $500,000 to construct jobs processing center.
Transit Authority, $300,000 to weatherize building in Bronx.  New York Community
Trust, $593,000 to weatherize several buildings.  New York City, $600,000 to
weatherize several buildings. New York City Cultural Affairs Dept., $315,000 to
weatherize several sites.  New York City, $700,000 to rehabilitate 55th St.

Dance Studio. Astoria Film Studios, $2.5 million to expand.

New York City Loans and Loan Guarantees
Carnivale Bag, Brooklyn, $950,000 working capital loan to expand handbag
production. Elgin Theater Foundation, $540,000 loan guarantee for construction.
MDO Development Corp., Brooklyn, $1.5 million loan guarantee to construct
restaurant.

Other New York City
Uptown Chamber of Commerce, $98,000 in technical assistance to study promotion
of tourism in Harlem. Brooklyn Economic Development Corporation, $1 million for
revolving loan.

Other New York State
Babylon, L.I., $600,000 grant for industrial park development.  Johnsburg, $1.2
million grant for industrial park access road.  Suffolk County, $550,000 grant
for construction of fishing pier in Southampton, L.I. East Rochester, $600,000
grant to improve industrial park. Syracuse, $720,000 grant to rehabilitate
building.  Jamestown, $1.8 million grant to develop airport industrial park.
Utica, $227,000 grant to construct connector. Rochester, $1.5 million grant to
develop civic center site. Port Chester, $421,000 grant to construct training
center. Amsterdam, $439,000 grant to develop industrial park. Frankfort,
$380,000 grant to construct sewer system. Peekskill, $820,000 grant to improve
port utilities. Southampton, L.I., $445,000 grant to rehabilitate Town Hall.
Rochester, $418,000 grant for weatherization of buildings. Utica, $551,000 grant
to improve inndustrial park roads. Natcon Chemical, Yaphank, L.I., $750,000
loan. New Lehigh Corp., Farmingdale, L.I., $1 million loan.  Commercial Envelope
Mfg., Deer Park, L.I.,

$1 million loan. Natcom Chemical, Yaphank, L.I., $1.4 million loan. Mica
Products, Wingdale, one loan for $600,000 and one for $1 million. Niacet Corp.,
Niagara Falls, $1 million loan and $900,000 loan guarantee. Saw Mill River
Industries, Yonkers, $925,000 loan.  Savin Corporation, Union, $5.4 million loan
guarantee. Flightways of Long Island, Farmingdale, a

$753,000 loan guarantee.

New Jersey
Community Parents, Newark, $1.9 million grant to develop industrial park.  Perth
Amboy, $3.2 million grant to improve water system.  New Jersey Economic
Development Administration, $2 million grant to develop industrial park in
Newark.  Resurges Industries, Raritan, $850,000 grant to construct manufacturing
and training facility.  Speedwell Development, $1 million grant to construct
parking garage in Moorestown.  Newark, $300,000 to rehabilitate Symphony Hall.
Chronar Corp., Trenton, one loan for $600,000 and one for $400,000.  Chronar
Corp., Trenton, $720,000 loan guarantee.  ATP Processors, Paterson, $935,000
loan.  Beattie Manufacturing, Keansburg, $2.7 million loan guarantee.  Hampton
Township, $24,900 technical assistance for industrial park feasibility study.

Connecticut
State Economic Development Department, $1 million grant for rehabilitation of
railroad track.  State Economic Development Department, $1 million loan to
establish revolving loan fund.  New Haven, $1 million grant for rehabilitation
of theater.  Waterbury, $780,000 grant for sewer outfall construction.
Bridgeport Rolling Mills, $1 million loan.  Bridgeport Rolling Mills, $270,000
loan guarantee.  Remington Products, Bridgeport, $5.4 million loan guarantee.
General E-C Inc., Hartford, $765,000 loan guarantee.  Hartford, $600,000 loan to
establish revolving loan fund.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of Astoria film studio

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                          FOCUS - 677 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Foundation awards $12,000 in grants to Enid teachers

BYLINE: Phyllis Zorn, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Nov. 20--ENID, Okla. -- Enid Public School Foundation members made passes
through 11 schools Tuesday morning, leaving a trail of money in their wake.

In the fall 2012 round of teacher grants, 29 teachers were given 32 grants
totaling $12,169.

"The grant allocation committee met Monday, Nov. 12," said EPSF member Stephanie
Shelton. "We considered 97 grants totaling $56,424. Members selected 32 grants
for funding."

The biggest grant went to Enid High School drama coach Linda Outhier, who was
given $992 for a wireless headset system.

Glenwood Elementary School teacher Kitty Herbel was awarded five grants,
including a signature grant from Dense Mechanical. Herbel's grants were
"Colonial Fun," $217; "How do you Classify?" $857; "The Past is Cool!" $109;
"Reduce, Reuse, Re ... What??" $69; and "Who Was That?" $241.

Emerson Middle School teachers Cindy Moore and Rob Kappus received a grant
titled "Geometric Cooperative Play" for $570. It was a signature grant from the
Matt Davis family. Gayla Heinrichs, another Emerson teacher, received $800 for
her grant "Rhythm, Rhythm, We All Want Rhythm," made possible by a signature
grant from the Bob Costello family.

Teachers given grants at Eisenhower Elementary School were Patricia Long and
Teresa Murray.

Other Emerson teachers awarded grants were DeeDee Adams, Stephanie Garis, Gayla
Heinrichs and Heather Reames.

At Glenwood, other grants went to Lawana Haynes-Butler, Gina Corderman, Susan
Meyer, Lindsey Schroder, Kristi Tebow and Deni Williams.

Hayes Elementary teacher Lisa Bloom was given a grant.

Grants were awarded to Longfellow Middle School teachers Michelle Adams, Lori
Palmer, Ann Heathman and Mary Coats.

McKinley Elementary School teachers Shawna Turner and Jennifer Yape also
received grants.

At Monroe Elementary School, Cheila Armour and Esther Quillman got grants.

Melissa Ross at Prairie View Elementary School, Wendi Barry at Taft Elementary
School and Rhoni Herell at Waller Middle School also were awarded grants.

___ (c)2012 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121120-EK-Foundation-awards-12,000-in-grants
-to-Enid-teachers-1120-20121120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2012 Enid News & Eagle


                          FOCUS - 678 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                   Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Pulaski schools having success in landing supplemental grants

BYLINE: Susan Wheeldon, Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


Oct. 3--In a time when the state budget for education is tight, the Pulaski
County School System continues to try to get grants to help fund programs and
positions they wouldn't normally have.

Sonya Wilds, director of pupil personnel, said the school system has
aggressively been grant writing for the past eight years.

"We use grants to supplement and support many programs in the district that are
bigger and better because of the additional resources such as the Wal-Mart grant
for gifted programming."

She said they also get grants to pay for expensive initial start-up costs of
programs as well as some grants that completely fund various initiatives.

"Grants are very important in providing opportunities for students that
otherwise would not have been possible," said Wiles. "We have also been able to
maintain some programming that was cut in the current budget situation because
we obtained grants that could pick up the loss such as the math grant which
provided teachers at the elementary level."

Wilds noted that the Pulaski County School System has received several grants
since May.

Just some of the examples include math grants for several elementary schools and
a technology grant, as well as grant partnerships with Wal-Mart that have funded
gifted initiatives and a grant that provides fresh fruits and vegetables for
children in various schools.

The math grant has provided Mathematics Intervention teachers at Nancy,
Burnside, Oak Hill and Eubank elementaries.

Amy Polston, who is the elementary supervisor, said previously the school system
had never received Mathematics Achievement Grant funding; however, the district
had received a smaller $30,000 grant for teacher training about four years ago.
The new grants are providing $70,000 to each school this year and $60,000 for
each next year totaling $520,000.

"These grants will help students first of all who are identified as being
potentially at-risk in mathemtics," said Polston.

The grant funds the salary of a Mathematics Intervention Teacher at each school,
approved statewide training which will be held throughout the next two years,
and all the materials required to implement the research-based program "Number
Worlds" for all the students identified.

Polston explained that students in kindergarten through third grades who are
identified through a battery of tests are served through the grant. Those who
are identified then go through Number Worlds, which focuses on students one or
more grade levels behind in math.

To see more of the Commonwealth Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.somerset-kentucky.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Commonwealth Journal,
Somerset, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081003-CG-Pulaski-schools-having-success-in-landing-supplemental-
grants-1003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CG


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 679 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                               February 06, 2013

Prisoners Kids Eligible for State Grant

BYLINE: Irene Hoaës

LENGTH: 607 words


Namibia is among only a handful of African countries with a social welfare
system which caters for the financial needs of designated categories of people,
including the elderly, orphans and vulnerable children, the disabled and others.

In South Africa, which also offers state grants like Namibia there is evidence
that these grants have reduced poverty and play a developmental role to uplift
poor households.

Apart from giving grants to elderly Namibians, orphans and the visually and
physically impaired, the children of jailed parents also qualify for social
grants, especially if the convict was the sole breadwinner.

"Even if the imprisoned parent is unemployed, but is struggling for the survival
of the family, such a child is entitled to this grant," explained an official of
the Ministry of Gender Equality and Child Welfare. However, there is a catch,
since this benefit only applies when the jailed parent is imprisoned for over
six months.

Moreover, only children under the age of 18 can benefit from the maintenance
grant and if a prisoner has more than one minor child, all of them qualify for
the grant. "Therefore, there is no limit to the number of children to benefit
from the grant system provided that they are under the age of 18 years."

For a prisoner's child to make use of the benefit, the prisoner must send a
statement to the ministry indicating how many years he or she has been sentenced
to serve a jail term. In addition, a personal letter that explains that he or
she is the sole breadwinner and the number of children under the age of 18, as
well as who will be responsible to receive the grants on behalf of the children.

A partner may receive the grant or any other person entrusted to take care of
the children can be appointed as a procurator on the convict's behalf.

Currently, 144 949 children are benefiting from the grant system and this number
includes foster care, maintenance and special maintenance grants and grants for
disabled children under the age of 16.

"We cannot give the exact number of children whose parents are in prison since
all the child welfare grants are registered under one code," the line ministry
says. The budget for the grants increases annually as the number of children in
need increases. This year's budget is N$360.5 million.

"The number is not constant therefore every time new cases arise they need to be
accommodated."

The ministry is certain that the majority of Namibians are aware and know about
the grant, adding that there are beneficiaries in all constituencies.

Each child receives N$200 per month and all children who receive grants are
exempted from paying the school development fund fees, which has been abolished
recently for all school-going children at primary school.

Although far from adequate the N$200 helps the guardians of these children to
meet part of the expenses for their upkeep.

The Grant Effectiveness Study conducted in 2008 revealed that people were
generally positive about the child welfare grants, however, the grants were
found inadequate.

Most of the grant is spent on food, which many think is good, since the children
will at least have something to eat. The study also revealed that prospective
grant beneficiaries, especially in rural areas, do not have money for transport
to go and complete an application form at the relevant office.

Respondents in the study said that the lack of money for transport would delay
an application or prevent it from taking place. In other instances, the absence
of correct documents needed for the application might delay or scuttle the whole
process, thus depriving a child from benefiting from the state grant.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 680 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Kansas: KDHE Accepting Waste Reduction Grant Applications

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: Topeka


Department of Health and Environment, The State of Kansas has issued the
following news release:

The Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) Bureau of Waste
Management is accepting applications for two types of waste reduction grant
programs: Kansas Green Schools grants and Waste Tire grants. The Kansas Green
Schools grant program provides K-12 schools with the opportunity to implement
recycling projects and teach students valuable environmental lessons. The Waste
Tire grant program helps communities improve their playgrounds and parks by
purchasing products made from waste tires.

"We are pleased to be able to provide financial assistance to schools and local
governments to implement projects that reduce the amount of solid waste going to
our landfills and at the same time teach lifelong lessons about being good
stewards of our environment," said Bill Bider, Director, Bureau of Waste
Management.

Green Schools Grants
Green Schools grants assist schools with the start-up or enhancement of waste
reduction projects. Schools can visit www.kdheks.gov/waste/about_grants.html to
view the grant criteria, download the grant development workbook and complete
the online grant application. Applications for these grants must be postmarked
by Feb. 15, 2015. Eligible grant projects must be consistent with the
pre-approved list found in the grant criteria. Grant recipients will be notified
by the end of May 2015.

Waste Tire Grants
A major goal of the Waste Tire grant program is to stimulate the production and
sale of commercial products made from recycled Kansas waste tires including
playground cover, horticulture products and extruded and molded products such as
park benches and picnic tables. When waste tires are recycled, landfill space
and natural resources are conserved and playground safety is enhanced.

Local units of government and school districts are eligible to apply for funding
which provides up to 50 percent of the total cost to purchase and install
eligible products made from waste tires. Waste tire grant applications and
guidelines can be found at www.kdheks.gov/waste/forms_grants.html. Applications
for these grants must be postmarked by Feb. 2, 2015. Waste tire grant
applications can be completed online.
For more information on these grant opportunities and application procedures,
contact the Bureau of Waste Management at (785) 296-1600 or visit the grant
program web pages published above.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 681 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday

Students may be eligible for grants under four schemes

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 768 words


College Choice: Depending on the course a student is pursuing he or she may be
eligible for a grant under one of the following four schemes, explains Brian
Mooney.

The Higher Education Grant scheme, which applies largely to university honours
degree courses.

 The Third-Level Maintenance Grant Scheme for trainees, which applies to most
higher certificate and ordinary degree courses in the Institutes of Technology.

The Vocational Education Committees' Scholarship Scheme, which applies to add-on
primary honours degrees, where students have already pursued a higher
certificate/ordinary degree-level course. This scheme also applies to certain
courses in Northern Ireland.

The Maintenance Grant Scheme for students attending Post-Leaving Certificate
(PLC) courses.

The Higher Education Grants Scheme is administered by the local authorities (eg
Dublin City Council, Limerick County Council ).

The other three schemes are administered by the vocational education committees.

You can get full details of these maintenance grant schemes together with the
grant application forms from your local authority or local vocational education
committee.

Under the current system, an applicant must meet the essential conditions
relating to means. There are, of course, other conditions, including those
relating to the course, previous academic attainment, age, residence and
nationality.

How does the means test work?

When you apply for a grant, the income which is assessed must be at or below a
certain amount (the "reckonable income" limit). For the 2005-06 academic year,
the reckonable income limits (based on income for the tax year 2004) are as
follows:

If your family has fewer than four dependent children and parental income is
less than EUR 35,485 a year, you will qualify for a full maintenance grant.
There are different thresholds for larger families, ranging from EUR 38,990 to
EUR 52,910.

What is the rate of the grant?

Grants are paid at either of two rates:

The non-adjacent rate, where the grant-holder's normal residence is more than 15
miles from the college attended.

The adjacent rate, where the grant-holder's normal residence is 15 miles or less
from the college attended.

The highest non-adjacent rate of grant is EUR 3,020. The highest adjacent rate
is EUR 1,210. Lower rates of grant are payable, depending on the reckonable
income.

Grant-holders who satisfy certain conditions may be eligible for what are known
as "top-up grants", an amount additional to the ordinary grant. For 2005-06, the
non-adjacent, ordinary grant plus the top-up has been increased to EUR 5,355 and
the adjacent rate to EUR 2,145, giving top-ups of EUR 2,335 and EUR 935
respectively.

The net reckonable income limit for the top-up grant for the 2005-06 academic
year is EUR 15,626, all or part of which must be a specified social welfare or
analogous payment.

Other supports

(a) The fund for students with disabilities. This provides grants for students
who have sensory, physical, learning and/or communicative disabilities. The aim
is to provide those students with assistance and/or equipment to enable them to
pursue and complete their course of study.

Applications for funding are made by the disability/access officer in the
student's third-level institution or by the principal in the student's PLC
college .

(b) The student assistance fund (for approved third-level institutions). This
assists students who, having started a third-level course, experience financial
hardship and may be unable to continue their third-level studies.

Applications for funding should be made by the individual student to the access
officer in their institution. Each third-level institution administers the fund
on a confidential, discretionary basis. Further information is available from
the access office or student services office in higher education colleges.

(c) The Millennium Partnership Fund for Disadvantage supports students from
disadvantaged areas attending further or higher education courses.

Partnership companies and community groups manage the fund locally. Information
on the fund can be obtained from Pobal 01-2400700

Deadline day

Today is the final day for initial CAO applications.

If you have not already submitted an application, and want to apply, go online
to www.cao.ie and submit an application listing before the 5.15pm deadline.

Remember that you may select an entirely different list of courses in May-June,
up to a July 1st, 2006, deadline using the "change of mind" facility.

Today is the final deadline for initial CAO applications. These must reach the
CAO in Galway by 5.15 this evening

Series concluded

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 682 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

New York: DEC Announces $2,220,000 Funding for Grants to Improve Resiliency and
River Access and to Conserve Natural Resources in the Hudson River Estuary

LENGTH: 1120  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Albany: Department of Environmental Conservation has issued the following
news release:



  Approximately $2,220,000 in new competitive grant funding is available to help
communities in the Hudson River Estuary improve recreational access and estuary
education, as well as design projects to increase resiliency to flooding,
protect water-quality and enhance natural resources, Basil Seggos, Commissioner
Designee of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC)
announced today. The grants support the State's post-Sandy strategy to prepare
New York for extreme weather by transforming infrastructure and shoreline
protection systems to better protect residents.





 "Working with local communities, environmental groups and civic organizations,
New York has significantly improved the environmental health of the Hudson River
estuary," Commissioner Designee Seggos said. "Governor Cuomo has made important
investments to protect the river, create new and expanded recreation access and
improve community resiliency. This grant program will provide another boost to
the Hudson River and its shoreline communities."



 The grants will help achieve the goals of the NYSDEC 2015-2020 Draft Hudson
River Estuary Action Agenda. Approximately $1,200,000 is available for "Local
Stewardship Planning Grants" to help communities in the Hudson River Estuary
watershed make progress in providing clean water; resilient communities; the
sustainability of fish, wildlife, and habitats; and conservation of natural
scenery. An additional $1,020,000 is available through a separate grant
program--"River Access and Education Grants"-- for projects along the shoreline
of the estuary which provide for enhanced waterway access, river education, and
recreational opportunities, including measures to make access sites more
resilient to flooding (see below for details on eligible project types).



 The deadline for applications is December 16, 2015 at 3 p.m. The Requests for
Applications (RFA) for "Local Stewardship Planning" and "River Access and
Education" are available online through the NYS Grants Gateway webpage (link
leaves DEC's website). Applicants may apply to one or both of the two estuary
grant programs. The Grants Gateway is a web-based grants-management system that
streamlines the way grants are administered by the State of New York. The "Local
Stewardship Planning" and "River Access and Education" RFAs include the
application, instructions, and detailed eligibility criteria. General
information about the grants is also available on the DEC website.



 All grant applicants, including government agencies and not-for-profit
corporations, must be registered in the NYS Grants Gateway to be eligible to
apply for any state grant opportunity. Not-For-Profit applicants are required to
"prequalify" in the Grants Gateway system. Completed grant applications must be
submitted online by 3 p.m. December 16, 2015.



 General questions about the Hudson River Estuary grants application process may
be directed to Susan Pepe, DEC's Estuary Grants Manager, NYSDEC, 625 Broadway,
Albany, NY 12233-3506; susan.pepe@dec.ny.gov To date, the Hudson River Estuary
Program has awarded 408 grants totaling $14,257,000. The grants are provided
through New York's Environmental Protection Fund (EPF) and will be administered
by DEC's Hudson River Estuary Program.



 Details on eligible project types for Local Stewardship Planning Grants,
$1,200,000



 The seven categories of local projects and programs support planning for:



     Hudson River shoreline communities to adapt land uses and decision-making
to factor in shoreline flooding and sea-level rise projections;

     Stewardship of water resources within an entire watershed or sub-watershed;


     Restoration of stream habitat and stream flows through dam removal, fish
passage, culvert right-sizing or bridge design;

     Conservation of natural resources by creating a natural resources inventory
or plan, or an open space plan;

     Conservation, stewardship and enjoyment of natural scenery and natural
vistas;

     Making water and waste-water infrastructure more resilient to flooding and
sea-level rise;

     Using green infrastructure practices as a means to reduce combined sewer
overflows.



 Details on eligible project types for River Access and Education $1,020,000:



     New Hudson River Shoreline Access, to plan, design and/or construct
improvements for new access sites for fishing, swimming, boating and/or
wildlife-dependent recreation along the tidal waters of the estuary.

     Hudson River Shoreline Access Retrofits, for projects on the shoreline of
the tidal waters of the Hudson River estuary to design, develop, retrofit,
repair, or make improvements for river access sites to be resilient to storm
surge and sea-level rise, and/or increase access for people of all abilities on
and along the estuary.

     Environmental Justice Access, for plans, designs or improvements designed
to specifically serve environmental justice communities in municipalities which
border the Hudson Estuary shoreline by providing or enhancing access to the
tidal and non-tidal waters of the Hudson or its tributaries in those
communities.

     Regional Plans for River Access, for plans or designs which provide
regional approaches for improving access to the Hudson and/or storm resiliency
and/or use for people of all abilities.

     Information for Users of Access Sites, for plans or projects to improve the
availability of information on the web which will allow potential users of river
access sites to understand local site conditions and make choices suited for
their desires, needs and abilities.



 Education project types are:



     Hudson River Shoreline Facilities for Education about the Hudson River
Estuary for projects on or in sight of the shoreline of the Hudson River estuary
to plan, design, equip and/or construct facilities (including signage, exhibits
and art installations) to be used for education of families, tourists and
residents.

     Hudson River Education for school groups, for projects that improve
facilities, exhibits, web applications for mobile devices, or River access sites
in ways that will help school groups learn about the estuary and relevant
management issues and engage in stewardship of the estuary and its watershed.

     Internet-based learning about the estuary, for projects to expand the
audience for science-based information about the natural history of the Hudson
estuary, promote a natural-history-based sense of place, making use of the
internet, web applications for mobile devices, and social media.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 683 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Teacher grants Teachers receive grants from retired educators

BYLINE: Cheryl Schweizer, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Jan. 25--MOSES LAKE -- Sixteen teachers in four school districts recently
received grants to pay for classroom projects from the Columbia Basin chapter of
the Washington State School Retirees Association. Grant awards for 2015-16 were
$3,200.

The organization also awarded grants to two student teachers, said co-president
Susan Hickok. She awarded $200 grants to two Peninsula Elementary teachers
Wednesday.

Joan Dopps and Debbie Horney are repeat recipients. Dopps said she would use the
grant to help pay expenses for her annual pumpkin patch visit. Dopps has been
hosting Peninsula second-graders at her pumpkin patch for about 30 years.

Horney said her award will go toward the school's Watch DOGS (Dads of Great
Students) program. The program emphasizes the importance of male role models in
the lives of children, and Watch DOGS participants take turns spending a day at
school.

The grants are for classroom activities and school programs that otherwise
teachers would pay for themselves, Hickok said. The program originally awarded
grants to teachers in Moses Lake and Ephrata, but was expanded for the 2015-16
school year to include Othello, Wilson Creek and Soap Lake.

Grants in Soap Lake went to elementary teachers Scarlet Wilson, Kandice Hansen
and Sharmon McCart, for science and math supplies, a field trip and books for
the third-grade library. Tammy Foley of Scootney Springs Elementary in Othello
received a grant for math supplies.

Jacqueline Floetke, Wilson Creek teacher, received a grant to help put on two
Family Math Nights at school. Brenda Britton and Kim Francisco of Knolls Vista
Elementary received grants to help pay for a field trip. Sara Richards and
Nellie Kerns, Endeavor Middle School, received grants for library books and
language arts materials.

Jamie Kamp, Knolls Vista, received a grant to buy costumes for her integrated
preschool students. A grant for a Writing/Art Family Night at Garden Heights
went to Deborah Menezes, and Debra Loomis of Midway Elementary received a grant
for a program to reward positive behavior.

Jennifer Kostelnik, Park Orchard, received a grant for reading and science
materials. Retired teacher Wanda Harrison received a grant for her tutoring
program at Lakeview Elementary.

The group also awarded $500 scholarships to two student teachers, Nicole Wallace
and Heather Langendorff. Both did their student teaching at Park Orchard,
Wallace in fall quarter, Langendorff this winter.

Student teachers are considered to be still in college and as a result don't get
paid, Harrison said in an earlier interview. But they still have all the
expenses of a certified teacher, she said. "We thought it was a need," Hickok
said.

Cheryl Schweizer can be reached at education@columbiabasinherald.com

___ (c)2016 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160125-1CO-Teacher-grants-Teachers-receive-grants
-from-retired-educators-0125-20160125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2016 Columbia Basin Herald


                          FOCUS - 684 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                        May 30, 2004 Sunday CITY EDITION

DOCUMENTARY REVEALS THE CARY GRANT HIS FANS NEVER KNEW

BYLINE: HAL BOEDEKER, Orlando Sentinel

SECTION: SHOWTIME; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 636 words


Debonair, handsome, witty -- Cary Grant crafted an impeccable persona that never
dates. The mysterious man behind the image comes into clearer focus in the
wonderful documentary "Cary Grant: A Class Apart."

The 90-minute program, premiering Tuesday on Turner Classic Movies, provides
telling insights without turning lurid or nasty.

Grant carried the sadness, from age 9, of his mother's desertion and the shock
of learning years later, after his father's death, that she was alive and had
suffered a mental breakdown. Haunted by his lower-class English childhood as
Archibald Leach, Grant watched every penny and charged 25 cents per autograph.
He could be an autocratic husband.

Most surprising, he was unsophisticated in real life and avoided parties. That
tidbit should bring a new appreciation to his classy acting in "The Philadelphia
Story" and "North by Northwest." Those two films are among the 27 Grant movies
that Turner Classic Movies will present on Tuesdays in June.

Filmmaker Robert Trachtenberg works thoughtfully in profiling the elusive Grant,
who rarely said anything revealing in interviews. The program draws on a few
personal essays Grant wrote in the 1960s and enlists actor Jeremy Northam to
speak those words.

Grant realized the perfection of his screen image. "Everybody wants to be Cary
Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant," he said.

He played the part so well that many fans and colleagues didn't realize his
skill. To correct that view, "A Class Apart" supplies a fine Hollywood education
by saluting Grant as a consummate actor.

The documentary surveys the films and directors that shaped Grant's career: Leo
McCarey ("The Awful Truth"), Howard Hawks ("Bringing Up Baby," "His Girl
Friday"), Alfred Hitchcock ("Notorious") and George Cukor ("Holiday").

Writer-director Trachtenberg mixes the clips and interviews adroitly. The
standout speakers include Grant's vivacious ex-wife Betsy Drake, film historian
Jeanine Basinger and "North by Northwest" co-star Eva Marie Saint.

"Who is going to follow Cary Grant?" Saint asks. "So far, nada."

Trachtenberg also uses remarkable home movies and turns to vintage interviews
with Hitchcock, Hawks and Cukor.

"He didn't depend on his looks," Cukor says. "He wasn't a narcissist. He acted
as though he were just an ordinary young man. That made it all the more
appealing."

Film buffs will enjoy the juicy details. Grant disliked Mae West for suggesting
that she had made him a star. He and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. flipped a coin for
their roles in "Gunga Din." Grant turned down "A Star Is Born" because he didn't
want to work with the undisciplined Judy Garland. His affair with Sophia Loren
was tumultuous.

"A Class Apart" draws special attention to an improvised scene in 1940's "The
Philadelphia Story" between Grant and James Stewart. Stewart won the Oscar.

Grant, a two-time nominee, had to settle for an honorary statuette nearly 30
years later. He refused many other honors, after retiring from the screen in
1966, simply because he didn't want to give speeches.

Even so, Grant's stature has continued to grow since his death in 1986. "He was
the best and most important actor in the history of the cinema," respected
critic David Thomson has written.

In its highly entertaining way, "A Class Apart" bolsters that view.

What's the key to understanding Cary Grant?

"What he did is a lot harder than it looks," Robert Trachtenberg says. "People
love him and love watching him, but they don't realize how much effort went into
making it look easy."

When it comes to Grant on the screen, Audrey Hepburn said it best in "Charade."

"You know what's wrong with you?" she asks her leading man. "Nothing."

-- What: "Cary Grant: A Class Apart"

-- When: 7 and 11 p.m. Tuesday

-- Where: Turner Classic Movies

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: TELEVISION

GRAPHIC: Photo

Cary Grant in 1941

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 685 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Ashland Daily Tidings, Ore.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday

City grants to fund local programs

BYLINE: Vickie Aldous, Ashland Daily Tidings, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


April 18--Well-established nonprofit groups are likely getting bigger grants
while several small groups may walk away empty-handed after the city of Ashland
boosted the minimum size of its arts, sustainability, tourism and economic
development grants from $2,500 to $5,000.

The Ashland City Council decided to boost the minimum grant size for the coming
fiscal year because of the costs of administering the grants, which are funded
through a portion of hotel tax proceeds. The new fiscal year starts on July 1.

In 2011, the Ashland Citizens Budget Committee supported giving grants to 26
groups -- with 12 of those receiving grants of less than $5,000. Two groups
received nothing.

A portion of the Budget Committee met on Thursday and recommended grants for 17
groups. Seven groups would receive no money.

The council must give final approval for the grants during this spring's
budgeting process. The council usually adopts Budget Committee recommendations
with few, if any, changes.

This year, perennial grant favorites Thrive, the Ashland Independent Film
Festival and ScienceWorks Hands-On Museum will likely get $29,000 each -- up
several thousand dollars for each group compared to last year.

ScienceWorks Executive Director Chip Lindsey said the grant process was more
clear this year because the City Council adopted criteria for Budget Committee
members to score the grant applications. ScienceWorks board member Jim Lindow
said he is pleased with the $29,000 grant earmarked for the museum, but has
sympathy for the groups that may get no funding.

"They would have benefited greatly from even $1,000," Lindow said.

He said getting city grants, no matter how small, shows official support for a
nonprofit's work and helps that organization secure additional grants from
foundations and other sources.

Longtime Budget Committee member Bill Heimann said there were some groups he
would have given grants to if the amount could be less than $5,000. But Heimann
said raising the grant threshold will save the city money on administrative
costs.

Groups that didn't receive any funding from the Budget Committee generally
lacked wholehearted support from committee members.

For example, committee members praised Rogue Farm Corps for training the next
generation of farmers, but noted that none of the farms it works with are inside
Ashland. Rogue Farm Corps has received small city grants in the past.

The Southern Oregon Land Conservancy had asked for $5,260 to organize hikes, but
committee members said most of the hikes were on public land that people could
visit on their own. Committee members did grant $5,000 to SOPride Inc., which in
2010 began an annual tradition of organizing a gay pride parade in Ashland.

"As things become annual traditions, they draw people here," said Mayor John
Stromberg, who was part of the group reviewing the grants. "Those people get
exposed to all the things that are attractive about Ashland."

He said last year's gay pride event had a nice community feel about it. Other
committee members said the parade drew people to town last year in September --
a month outside the busy summer tourist season -- and the event has the
potential to expand into a multi-day festival with educational sessions.
Overall, groups submitted $387,925 in grant funding requests, but the Budget
Committee had only $199,501 to allocate.

Every year, grant requests far exceed the amount of money available.

Staff reporter Vickie Aldous can be reached at 541-479-8199 or
vlaldous@yahoo.com

___ (c)2012 The Ashland Daily Tidings (Ashland, Ore.) Visit The Ashland Daily
Tidings (Ashland, Ore.) at www.dailytidings.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120418-1AS-City-grants-to-fund-local-programs-0418-20120418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AS


                      Copyright 2012 Ashland Daily Tidings


                          FOCUS - 686 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               September 30, 2011

Social grant reviews essential

BYLINE: Sponsored Feature

SECTION: NEWSPAPER

LENGTH: 487 words



HIGHLIGHT: Millions of citizens receive social grants from the government but to
cut out fraud all beneficiary cases face a review process. >


Millions of citizens receive social grants from the government but to cut out
fraud all beneficiary cases face a review process.

Bandile Maqetuka, executive manager of grant administration at the South African
Social Security Agency (SASSA), said that beneficiaries are notified three
months in advance that their social grant status will be reviewed.

"We notify a person in writing that the grant will be due for review. SASSA is
obliged to review the individual's social grant at any time when it believes
that changes in the beneficiary's financial circumstances have changed. SASSA
must also review the grant on its expiry," he said.

Maqetuka said that the review process follows the legislated Regulations of the
Social Assistance Act (2004). This legislation also governs matters pertaining
to beneficiaries who fail to provide all required information for social grant
reviews.

"If a beneficiary does not comply with a request for social grant review then
the grant will be suspended. When it is suspended the applicant must apply
within 90 days of the suspension for the grant to be restored. "You must give
reasons for why you were unable to come for the grant review," explained
Maqetuka.

Applicants who are paid via bank transfers must also fill out a life certificate
for SASSA's records. "We post that form to you or you can get it at our office.
You must fill in this form once a year and it is part of the review process,"
said Maqetuka.

Reviews of social grants are also assisted by links with the Department of Home
Affairs which informs SASSA of all deaths. When a social grant beneficiary is
reported dead the grant is immediately cancelled, said Maqetuka.

He added that SASSA was also determined tostamp out any fraudulent activities.
"We want beneficiaries to give us correct information. They must make sure that
they are honest with us. They must report fraud and corruption regarding social
grants," he said.

"SASSA is expected to account for all public funds. We must make sure that
beneficiaries meet the requirements at all times to be eligible for these
grants. That's why we must continually update beneficiary information."

Maqetuka said that the Temporary Disability Grant is the only type that is not
reviewed as it has an expiry date dependent on a medical examination. A
beneficiary may re-apply for this type of grant. A Permanent Disability Grant is
reviewed once every five years or when SASSA "believes the medical condition of
a beneficiary has changed", said Maqetuka.

The Foster Child Grant is reviewed on the expiry of a court order and the Social
Relief of Distress Grant may also be extended upon application. All other social
grants are permanent until death of the beneficiary. SASSA's grant review
decisions may also be appealed via the Independent Tribunal for Social
Assistance Appeals.

This article originally appeared in the Mail & Guardian newspaper as a sponsored
feature>

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 687 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday

George Grant and other genteel anti-Semites

BYLINE: MORTON WEINFELD

SECTION: BOOK REVIEW; SOCIAL HISTORY; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 1048 words


EXILES FROM NOWHERE

The Jews and the Canadian Elite

By Alan Mendelson

Robin Brass Studio,

412 pages, $29.95

In this volume, Alan Mendelson, emeritus professor of religious studies at
McMaster University, presents a wide-ranging, informative and highly readable
account of the world of genteel anti-Semitism in the English-Canadian elite from
the mid-1800s to the 1980s.

Early on, Mendelson anticipates the tenor of the argument by noting that an
entry in the 1935 Encyclopedia of Canada describes Jews as "possessing keen
business instincts" and a "marvellous power of acquiring wealth," though they
are, "in general, non-producers." Ouch! This amalgam of backhanded compliments
and dangerously misleading stereotypes was common in the salons of English
Canada. Sure, this wording is a far cry from the pernicious cartoons of Der
Stürmer. But Mendelson notes, provocatively, that the Nuremberg Laws were passed
that same year.

Mendelson makes a useful contribution to Canadian intellectual history, which is
surprising, given his training and expertise in Hellenistic Jewish studies. He
relies on extensive primary research in a variety of archives, as well as the
works of the main protagonists and commentators. He brings to the work the
passion of a devoted and skilled amateur.

The book does not present unexpected discoveries or interpretations. Rather, it
fleshes out in greater detail many themes and stories, some well known.
Mendelson uses the life, times and circle of George Grant (1918-1988), Canadian
philosopher and nationalist, to illustrate the intellectual and social nature of
this anti-Semitism. He analyzes Grant's writings and those of historical and
contemporary figures who shaped them.

To the extent that Grant, author of the popular Lament for a Nation, remains a
revered and influential figure for Red Tory nationalists, this spotlight on
their hero's warts will be dismaying. The focus, in any case, is more on Grant
the philosopher and essayist. And Grant's defenders would stress that his Jewish
or Judaic concerns are only one small element in a large set of preoccupations.

Mendelson begins by reviewing the jarring and well-documented anti-Semitic
elements in the writings of Canadian intellectual Goldwin Smith, and in the
views of Henri Bourassa and Mackenzie King. King's father was a good friend and
admirer of Smith, who was a mentor of sorts to the young King himself. The links
to George Grant here are more those of zeitgeist rather than of direct
influence.

The familial and intellectual impact of George Grant's two grandfathers, George
Monro Grant, principal of Queen's University, and George Robert Parkin, a
principal at Upper Canada College, helped link Grant to Christian triumphalism
and supersessionism, some of which he later modified or rejected. Grant's uncle,
Vincent Massey, Canadian high commissioner in London from 1935 to 1946, played a
key role in shaping and supporting Canadian inaction on behalf of Jewish
refugees.

Turning to Grant's intellectual development, Mendelson notes Oxford influences
such as Arnold Toynbee - who felt Jews and Judaism to be fossils of history -
and the general culture of appeasement found there before the war. Grant is also
condemned for ignoring and whitewashing the anti-Semitism and pro-Nazi
apologetics of his much-admired German philosopher Martin Heidegger and French
novelist Louis-Ferdinand Céline.

Mendelson mines Grant's relationship with certain Jewish writers to illustrate
in subtle form his subtle anti-Judaism. Grant admires the French Jew and
Holocaust refugee Simone Weil, whose anti-Judaism was a part of her embrace of
Christian thought. He had an ultimately unsuccessful intellectual encounter with
U.S. political philosopher Leo Strauss. Grant also took exception to the
anti-Christianity allegedly found in Leonard Cohen's Beautiful Losers. And
Mendelson recounts how the late writer Matt Cohen left McMaster, after being
hired by Grant, because of Grant's "fundamentally objectionable" views about
Jews and Judaism.

This book connects many dots. But what is the final picture? Certainly Grant
emerges as a flawed intellectual and philosopher, with at times hostile or
obtuse views of Jews and Judaism that blended theological and racial elements.
For instance, in a 1985 letter, Grant mentions "their [the Jews] control of the
media in Toronto and New York." In a review of a book of essays on Grant,
Canadian poet and critic George Elliott Clarke minced few words: "Grant's
attempt to explicate Céline's anti-Semitism sounds too much like a rationale for
his own."

But there are shades of grey. A very close friend of Grant's youth, and
godfather of his child, was a Jew he met at Upper Canada College, Shalome
Michael Gelber. And of course Grant claimed - if not always successfully - an
aversion to what he called "gutter anti-Judaism."

In Grant's milieu, and certainly that of his parents and grandparents, genteel
anti-Semitism was almost universal. That world is mostly gone, though not before
it helped condition the cruel response to the plight of Jewish refugees in the
1930s. "Toronto the Good" has had three Jewish mayors in the postwar period, and
each of the three major Ontario political parties has had a Jewish leader. The
Canadian academy, an early bastion of this genteel anti-Semitism, has been
transformed by Jewish - and other non-Anglo-Protestant - faculty and senior
administrators. So one hopes the reception of this book does not conflate past
evils with current realities.

And yet - Jewish antennae are usually set on high. Are there no current Canadian
heirs to the legacy of this genteel anti-Semitism? Mendelson suggests a general
"fear of the Other," notably Islam. There may be a related candidate. The index
has no mention of Zionism, Palestine or Israel. Some analysts might see in the
current anti-Zionist or anti-Israeli discourse found among certain segments of
the Canadian intelligentsia, academy and some churches, parallels to the
anti-Judaism of that earlier period. Christian triumphalists then and now deny
allegations of anti-Semitism, as do anti-Zionists today. But this is a complex
and contentious issue, best left for another day.

Morton Weinfeld holds the chair in Canadian ethnic studies at McGill University.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 688 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           April 26, 2000, Wednesday

BIG DOUBT, BIG BOUT Grant a contender or pretender

BYLINE: BY TIM SMITH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 723 words

THE PEOPLE putting on the Lennox Lewis-Michael Grant heavyweight championship
fight at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night keep telling us that Grant is
the best and most deserving contender for Lewis' titles.

Ask anybody involved - executives with HBO, Main Events Promotions or the Garden
- and they will tell you that Grant is tall, strong, and athletic enough to
handle Lewis, even take away those titles. But the more I look at Grant's
record, the more I'm convinced that we're getting hoodwinked. Sure, he has TKO'd
David Izon, Obed Sullivan, Ahmad Abdin and Andrew Golota. But are those
victories enough to make him a serious contender?

"If I didn't think he was ready, he wouldn't be in there," said Don Turner,
Grant's trainer.

Grant, 27, has benefited from some smart marketing from his promoters at Main
Events; solid backing from HBO, which gave him a long-term contract, and some
careful matchmaking. He grabbed notice right after Mike Tyson bit Evander
Holyfield's ears in 1997. Grant was even billed as the anti-Tyson - a clean-cut
man who sings in his church choir.

Grant (31-0) is all that. But is he a legitimate contender for the heavyweight
crown? Or is he more marketing than Marciano?

We'll find out on Saturday night. Faced with the prospects of Holyfield fighting
John Ruiz, the WBA No. 1 contender, for that crown, Grant-Lewis looks great. And
having grown tired of Tyson's antics and looking for something to cling to in
boxing, we bought into Grant as the next great heavyweight. He may be, but I'm
not convinced that he is , yet. Are there more worthy opponents for Lewis? Sure
there are. David Tua, IBF No. 1 contender, is one.

Grant said he believes he deserves to be here.

"There was no wait list," he said. "I fought myself into this position."

There is no denying that Grant showed heart when he got up from two first-round
knockdowns and forced Golota to quit in the 10th round. Golota was outboxing
Grant in that fight and leading on the scorecards when he folded.

Lewis, the chess-playing pugilist, saw that bout, looked at the heavyweight
board and decided to make his move. It's a great payday for him ($10 million,
the most he can make against any contender) and presents little risk. It was a
simple fight to make, because Main Events has promotional contracts with both
fighters and they're both under contract to HBO.

Kevin Barry, Tua's manager, believes that Lewis-Grant was made in HBO heaven.

"HBO has put a lot of money behind a Grant-Lewis fight and they had to have that
fight sooner more than later, before somebody else knocked off Michael Grant,"
Barry said.

Tua had a shot at Grant in November, but he said he passed because he wasn't
offered enough money ($1.5 million) to risk his standing as the IBF No. 1
contender. Golota replaced Tua. And, if you believe Barry, the victory over
Golota provided HBO and Main Events with the springboard they needed to make
Lewis-Grant.

"Where else could we go?" said Craig Hamilton, Grant's manager. "There is no one
between Golota and Lennox Lewis that it makes sense for us to fight. This is the
best fight right now for Michael."

Sadly for boxing, he's probably right. But that doesn't mean Grant is ready to
challenge Lewis.

If Grant knocks out Lewis, then I will be ready to ditch my conspiracy theories
and embrace him as the new real deal (sorry, Evander). But if Lewis beats Grant,
then I will continue to believe that Elvis, JFK and Tupac are all living on some
remote island somewhere sipping pina coladas.

Dangerous ground: Grant sparred for two rounds yesterday against Corey Sanders,
sending shivers through the people putting on the fight. A cut or a broken nose
this late would mean disaster for TVKO, the pay-per-view carrier, and the
Garden. Turner said it's nothing out of the ordinary for his fighters. But he
said it was the last day of such action. . . . After a series of opponents for
Arturo Gatti fell through, Main Events matchmaker Carl Moretti believes he has
found the man - Eric Jakubowski of Chicago. Hedi Mohammed, a European
matchmaker, recently put Jakubowski in against Germany's Michael Trabant, the
WBO No. 1 welterweight contender, and he said Jakubowski held his own in losing
a decision. "He can box. He can move. He's not a killer, but he comes to work,"
Mohammed said.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                          FOCUS - 689 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday

Foundation money stretches a long way

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 593  words


The Fredericton Community Foundation (FCF) has been in Fredericton for over 50
years.

Each year the organization provides grants of nearly $200,000 to various
charities in the area.

Last week a grant reception was held at Le Centre communautaire Sainte-Anne,
giving an opportunity for grant recipients to talk about their grants' impact.

If you have ever wondered where the FCF grants go, let me give you a little
insight.

The FCF provided 26 grants totalling $35,211 over the past year. Thirteen
organizations were represented at this grant reception.

Their work covers everything from arts and culture to youth to social programs.
Some examples of grants for social programs include a grant to the Community
Health Clinic to purchase specialized equipment for their women's health care
and foot care.

A grant to Opal Family Services, which provides an apartment and respite workers
for families requiring respite care, was used to purchase a new washer and
dryer. Their old set had broken, and without it, they could not operate the
apartment.

A few examples of grants to youth include four local children who got to attend
a summer youth nature camp as a result of a grant to Nature NB.

Youth at the Doone Street Wilson Row Tenants Association were provided the
opportunity to participate in a summer camp program in their community. The
grant from FCF was used to purchase the supplies for crafts, snacks,
registration and entry fees to events and other camp-related supplies. The camp
could not go ahead without the support of the foundation.

New Maryland Elementary School and Ecole Sainte Anne received grants to purchase
band instruments for students; the Children's International Student Village
received a grant for youth to participate in an international summer camp being
hosted in Fredericton for youth from around the world.

The John Howard Society received a grant for a learning specialist co- ordinator
to work with youth ages 15-30. This person helps identify potential learning
challenges and career opportunities for the youth.

Some examples of grants aimed at education include a grant to Frontier College,
which is dedicated to literacy initiatives. Their grant was to support homework
clubs located throughout the city. These homework clubs go to the children,
making it accessible for many kids who might otherwise not be able to attend.

The Fredericton SPCA used its grant for a humane education program to help
people understand how to care for their animals and the need to be a responsible
pet owner.

The Fredericton Public Library used its grant to purchase audio books for the
expanding Playaway collection of books for those who cannot read text for
various reasons.

Other organizations receiving grants at the reception included Minlak Training
Programs, an organization based in Minto helping intellectually disadvantaged
adults with employment and life skills. The grant was used to expand services in
the local area. They currently provide, among other programs, a recycling
program and a bakery.

Finally, Hospice Fredericton, a relatively new organization, used its grant to
develop training materials and supplies for volunteer training.

These are just a few examples of how FCF provides assistance to the many worthy
organizations in our area.

If you would like to know more about the FCF, contact us at 454-2262 or visit
www.fredfdn.ca.

Cindy Sheppard is the executive director of the Fredericton Community
Foundation. Her column profiling non-profit agencies appears every second
Thursday. Please send comments to letters@dailygleaner.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 690 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 3, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

JOHN MOSBY GRANT, 70, DIES; ACTIVE IN CIVIC AFFAIRS

BYLINE: Robert W. Duffy; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01B

LENGTH: 681 words


John Mosby Grant, a member of the third generation of his family to practice
medicine in St. Louis, a scientist and a community leader and a sailor, died
Tuesday (April 1, 1997) of cancer at his home in the Central West End. He was
70.

Dr. Grant was a graduate of Princeton University, where he majored in physics.
In 1953, he received his M.D. from Washington University School of Medicine.

He was on the staffs of Barnes Hospital, St. Luke's Hospital and St. Louis
Regional Medical Center, and was associate professor of clinical internal
medicine at Washington University. He was also appointed to Alpha Omega Alpha,
the honor medical society.

In 1959, he became associated with the Grant Medical Clinic, which was organized
by his father, Samuel B. Grant, in 1938 in the Central West End. About 17 years
ago, when many doctors were moving to the suburbs, the future of the clinic was
threatened. Dr. Grant and his brother, Neville, also a doctor, held firm and
maintained their patrimony - and their strong advocacy of urban medicine. The
Grant Clinic survived and thrives.

Dr. Grant, called Jack, was a bon vivant and a gracious host, and was beloved by
his patients who appreciated his willingness to listen and to commiserate. He
maintained his loyalty to bow ties through the tides of fashion. He was a
fixture of West End life and enthusiastic participant in neighborhood affairs.

He was the fourth generation of his family to hold membership in the Second
Presbyterian Church and served as its leading officer. He was one of the
founders of the Joint Community Board, an association of three West End churches
that worked to ameliorate neighborhood ills.

In the 1960s, Dr. Grant was president of the interracial Mid-City Community
Congress. He also served on the board of the New Music Circle.

A colleague of Dr. Grant, Dr. J. William Campbell, said that Dr. Grant was a
wise and caring mentor, a physician of great competence, a profoundly ethical
man and a genuinely good person.

When Dr. Grant was an undergraduate pre-med student at Princeton, he became
fascinated by mathematical physics and the possibility of using mathematics in
the study of biology and medicine.

He eventually developed what he called, alternately, "hierarchy algebra" and "my
little monster."

Recently, a group of his friends and colleagues organized themselves to publish
the little monster, titled "A Hierarchical Model of Living Systems: A Unifying
Concept in Biopsychosocial Medicine," in book form.

The Rev. William D. Chapman, retired rector of Trinity Episcopal Church in the
West End, was a longtime friend and neighbor of Dr. Grant. Their families shared
a sailboat, which was moored at Lake Carlyle in Illinois, and Dr. Grant and
Chapman forged a strong and happy friendship in the c ockpit of the boat.

Chapman said that Dr. Grant sailed through all sorts of choppy waters, literal
and figurative.

"But he had a real sense of God's presence, and that allowed him to walk through
turmoil and to bring calm," Chapman said.

Chapman said Dr. Grant applied his approach to life to his death.

Last week, his mother, Natalie Neville Grant, came to see him. He and she
discussed the possibility of this visit's being their last. As she was leaving,
Chapman said, "he stopped her, and said, 'I want you to know what a wonderful
mother you have been.' "

Besides his mother, survivors include his wife, Dionne D. Grant of St. Louis; a
daughter, Natalie T. Grant of Huntington, Vt.; and two brothers, Neville and
Samuel B. Grant, both of St. Louis. His first wife, Margaret T. Grant, died in
1993.

The funeral service will be at 4 p.m. Sunday at the Second Presbyterian Church,
4501 Westminster Place. The body will be cremated. Burial will be private.

In lieu of flowers, contributions can be made to the John M. Grant Book Fund, in
care of the Central West End Bank, 415 DeBaliviere, St. Louis, Mo. 63112; Second
Presbyterian Church, 4501 Westminster Place, St. Louis, Mo. 63108 or the Quartet
Seraphin, 6963 Columbia Place, St. Louis, Mo. 63130.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC:  Photo headshot -  Dr. John Mosby Grant
 Led uran clinic

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 691 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              May 5, 2012 Saturday

A refreshing tipple

BYLINE: Donna Ross

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Advertorials; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 469 words


Grant's Blended Scotch Whisky is revealing its refreshing side this summer and
more of its rich family history with a range of delicious summer serves.

Enjoyed for its complex and rounded flavours, Grant's blend of grain and malt
whiskies produces a deliciously long, smooth taste.

Perfect on its own with water or ice, it's equally at home at the heart of
classic recipes like the Grant's Highball to the raspberry rich Grant's Twist,
offering whisky lovers something different.

Grant's Twist

As well as being famous for its whisky, Scotland is also known for its
raspberries. Grant's Twist marries the raspberry kick of framboise with Grant's
Family Reserve. A twist on the world's oldest family owned blended Scotch; this
drink is enhanced by adding a twist of lemonade to soften the sharpness,
creating a serve that's crisp and invigorating.

50ml Grant's Family Reserve

Dash of framboise

Lemonade (cloudy or clear)

Garnish with 2 lemon slices

Fill a glass with ice cubes. Mix Grant's Family Reserve with the framboise and
pour. Fill with lemonade. Zest a lemon over the glass and garnish with two lemon
slices.

Grant's Godfather

Inspired by the Martin Scorsese film, The Godfather combines the uniquely
Scottish, Grant's Family Reserve and its unmistakable Speyside notes, which
combined with the characteristically Italian Amaretto makes this perfectly
refreshing drink.

50ml Grant's Family Reserve

20ml Amaretto

Splash of orange bitter (or juice)

Garnish with orange zest

Fill a glass with ice cubes. Add Grant's Family Reserve and the Amaretto. Splash
over the orange bitter, zest an orange over the glass and garnish with a long
slice of peel.

Grant's Highball

The Highball originated in 1898 - the year William Grant bottled his first
blended whisky. Its name is said to derive from the US railways' practice of
raising a ball on a pole to get a driver to speed up, mirroring the speed the
drink took to make, with ingredients simply poured over ice in a tall glass.

50ml Grant's Family Reserve

Ginger ale

Dash of angostura bitters

Garnish with an orange wedge

Fill a highball glass with a tower of ice cubes. Add Grant's Family Reserve and
top up with ginger ale. Add a few drops of angostura bitters. Garnish with an
orange wedge.

Grant's Redfire

Red is an important colour for Grant's as it is the predominant colour of their
family clan tartan and the colours are brought to life in this drink. The smooth
gold of Grant's Family Reserve and the bitter red of the cherry brandy clash,
forming trickles of red to create a drink that's as every bit of powerful as its
name.

50ml of Grant's Family Reserve

Dash of cherry brandy

10ml tonic

Garnish with sage leaf

Fill a highball glass with crushed ice. Add Grant's Family Reserve and top up
with tonic. Drizzle the cherry brandy over the top. Garnish with one fresh sage
leaf (optional).

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, Grant's Highball, Grant's Godfather and Grant's Redfire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2012 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 692 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, FY 2015

LENGTH: 605  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Labor has issued the following news release:


Publication Date:  04/15/2015
o Publication Type:  Notice
o Fed Register #:  80:20268
o Title:  Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, FY 2015

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 72 (Wednesday, April 15, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Page 20268]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-08509]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

Occupational Safety and Health Administration


Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, FY 2015

AGENCY: Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), Labor.

ACTION: Notice of availability of funds and funding opportunity
announcements (FOA) for Targeted Topic Training and Capacity Building
grants.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY : This notice announces availability of approximately $3.5
million for Susan Harwood Training Program grants. Two separate funding
opportunity announcements are available for Targeted Topic Training
grants and Capacity Building grants. Two types of grants are being
announced under each funding opportunity. Funding Opportunity Number
SHTG-FY-15-01 will cover the two types of Targeted Topic Training
grants: Targeted Topic Training and Targeted Topic Training and
Educational Materials Development grants. Funding Opportunity Number
SHTG-FY-15-02 will cover the two types of Capacity Building grants:
Capacity Building Developmental and Capacity Building Pilot grants.

DATES:  Grant applications for both Targeted Topic Training and
Capacity Building grants must be received electronically by the
Grants.gov system no later than 11:59 p.m., ET, on Tuesday, June 2,
2015.

ADDRESSES: The complete Susan Harwood Training Grant Program funding
opportunity announcements and all information needed to apply for these
funding opportunities are available at the Grants.gov Web site,
http://www.grants.gov.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions regarding the funding
opportunity announcements should be emailed to HarwoodGrants@dol.gov or
directed to Heather Wanderski, Program Analyst, or Jim Barnes,
Director, Office of Training Programs and Administration, at 847-759-
7700 (note this is not a toll-free number). Personnel will not be
available to answer questions after 5:00 p.m., ET. To obtain further
information on the Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, visit the OSHA
Web site at: http://www.osha.gov/dte/sharwood/index.html.
    Questions regarding Grants.gov should be emailed to
Support@grants.gov or directed to the Grants.gov Contact Center, at 1-
800-518-4726 (toll free number). The Contact Center is available 24
hours a day, 7 days a week. The Contact Center is closed on Federal
holidays.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Authority and Signature

David Michaels, Ph.D., MPH, Assistant Secretary of Labor for
Occupational Safety and Health, directed the preparation of this
notice. The authority for this notice is Section 21 of the Occupational
Safety and Health Act of 1970, (29 U.S.C. 670), Public Law 113-235, and
Secretary of Labor's Order No. 1-2012 (77 FR 3912).

Funding Opportunity Number: SHTG-FY-15-01 (Targeted Topic grants)
Funding Opportunity Number: SHTG-FY-15-02 (Capacity Building grants)

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 17.502.

Signed at Washington, DC, on April 6, 2015.
David Michaels,
Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health.
[FR Doc. 2015-08509 Filed 4-14-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 4510-26-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 693 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 2, 2012

NCSD awarded clean diesel grant, others

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 592  words


During the Nye County School District's (NCSD) Board of Trustees meeting, held
Tuesday, January 17 it was announced that the district had received a large
grant and was seeking approval to apply for others. The most notable grant
awarded was a clean diesel grant in the amount of $65,000. First mentioned by
NCSD Superintendent William "Rob" Roberts during his report to the board, the
clean diesel grant is for the district's transportation department.

"We also received $847 to purchase library books. We bought two of them, gave
them both to Tonopah Elementary and Middle School," Roberts joked. Already on
the agenda for discussion, the grants are routinely reported on during board
meetings, with presenter Sheena Barnes stating that she had four grant
applications that needed approval from the board at the January meeting. "I have
a grant written by Ken Kingsley at Manse Elementary School, a Grant a Wish grant
from Wells Fargo for an economics program for the fifth graders for $1,700,"
Barnes reported. A National Center for Family Literacy Grant for Tonopah High
School that would amount to $10,000 is also in the works with Barnes reporting
that it will be used to purchase library books, bring in guest speakers and
perhaps a field trip for the students. The grant, which requires no matching
funds, was due February 2. The next grant was for the national nutrition council
on fruit and vegetable nutrition of up to $15,000 to support a fruit and
vegetable media campaign, using flyers and posters to promote salad bars in
schools. The grant would also provide written materials for the teachers to
provide to parents on the fresh fruit and vegetable grant. Last year, the
district was awarded more than $90,000 for fresh fruit and vegetables
distributed by the state department of education. The purpose of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant was to expose students to new fruits and
vegetables in order to promote healthier eating habits. According to district
food manager Jodi Martinez at the time, students were treated to a piece of
fruit or a vegetable during class every two weeks, with discussion in the
classroom on the nutritional value and origins of the item.

Barnes continued with her grants report, stating, "I also wanted to update the
board on the Striving Readers Grant. We were approved in the preapplication
round, nine districts were. The grant will be due March 12 and hopefully we'll
get some money on that grant. It's $14.2 million dollars per year for five years
that the state has gotten-from the federal government," Barnes concluded. The
board voted unanimously to approve the grants and grant applications.

Transportation director Cameron McRae, during his report to the board, stated,
"We did receive that clean diesel emissions grant, so we've been successful in
four of the (grant) cycles to do it. And again, what it is, is an attempt to
reduce the idling and reduce the emissions that are occurring out of the tail
pipes for not just the health of the kids, but in the reduced idling, to again,
try to squeeze every bit of efficiency out that we can," McRae told the board.
In detailing some of the issues, McRae noted that it had been a learning
process, resulting in meeting with staff over earlier denials. Explaining that
part of the error had been in understanding the terminology, McRae informed the
board the issue had been resolved. "And again, that would be another improvement
to help us reduce the fuel usage," McRae concluded.

Contact author Genesee

Martin by emailing genny.themirror@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                          FOCUS - 694 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Implementation of Grants Policies Needs Better Oversight

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

The Department of State (State) has established policies and guidance that
provide a supportive environment for managing grants and cooperative agreements
(grants). In addition, State provides its grants officials mandatory training on
these policies and guidance, and routinely identifies and shares best practices.
State's policies are based on federal regulations, reflect internal control
standards, and cover topics such as risk assessment and monitoring procedures.
State's policies also delineate specific internal control activities that grants
officials are required to both implement and document in the grant files as a
way of promoting accountability (see fig.).

Key Internal Control Activities Required through a Grant's Life Cycle

Key Internal Control Activities Required through a Grant's Life Cycle

GAO found that inconsistent implementation of policies and guidance weakens
State's assurance that grant funds are used as intended.

Inadequate risk analysis . In most of the files GAO reviewed, grants officials
did not fully identify, assess, and mitigate risks, as required. For example,
officials conducted a risk identification process for 45 of the 61 grants that
GAO reviewed. While grants officials identified risk in 28 of those 45 grants,
they mitigated risks in only 11.

Poor documentation . Grants officials generally did not adhere to State policies
and procedures relating to documenting internal control activities. For example,
32 of the 61 files reviewed did not contain the required monitoring plan.
Considerable turnover among grants officials makes documenting internal control
activities particularly important. State's periodic management reviews of
selected bureaus' and overseas missions' grant operations have also found that
key documentation was frequently missing or incomplete and made recommendations
to address the problem. However, State has not consistently followed up to
ensure the implementation of these recommendations, as internal control
standards require.

State does not have processes for ensuring compliance with risk analysis and
documentation requirements. Without the proper implementation of its internal
control policies for grants management, State cannot be certain that its
oversight is adequate or that it is using its limited oversight resources
effectively.
Why GAO Did This Study

Grants are key tools that State uses to conduct foreign assistance. In fiscal
year 2012, State obligated over $1.6 billion worldwide for around 14,000 grants
to individuals and organizations for a variety of purposes, such as fostering
cultural exchange and facilitating refugee resettlement. However, recent GAO and
Inspectors General reports have identified challenges with State's management of
these funds. This report examines (1) the policies and guidance that State has
established to administer and oversee grants, and (2) the extent to which the
implementation of those policies and guidance provides reasonable assurance that
funds are being used as intended. GAO analyzed State's policies and guidance,
and interviewed cognizant grants officials at 14 bureaus headquartered in
Washington, D.C., and three overseas missions (Afghanistan, Cambodia, and
Turkey). GAO also conducted file reviews for a sample of 61 grants totaling
approximately $172 million. Selection criteria included total dollar value of
grants in a country, geographic diversity, and balance among bureaus.
What GAO Recommends

GAO recommends that the Secretary of State develop processes for ensuring that
(1) bureaus and missions conduct appropriate risk assessments and (2) grants
officials complete required documentation. GAO also recommends that the
Secretary of State (3) follow up systematically on recommendations from State's
internal reviews of its grants management. State concurred with GAO's
recommendations.

For more information please visit: http://gao.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 695 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Implementation of Grants Policies Needs Better Oversight

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

The Department of State (State) has established policies and guidance that
provide a supportive environment for managing grants and cooperative agreements
(grants). In addition, State provides its grants officials mandatory training on
these policies and guidance, and routinely identifies and shares best practices.
State's policies are based on federal regulations, reflect internal control
standards, and cover topics such as risk assessment and monitoring procedures.
State's policies also delineate specific internal control activities that grants
officials are required to both implement and document in the grant files as a
way of promoting accountability (see fig.).

Key Internal Control Activities Required through a Grant's Life Cycle

Key Internal Control Activities Required through a Grant's Life Cycle

GAO found that inconsistent implementation of policies and guidance weakens
State's assurance that grant funds are used as intended.

Inadequate risk analysis . In most of the files GAO reviewed, grants officials
did not fully identify, assess, and mitigate risks, as required. For example,
officials conducted a risk identification process for 45 of the 61 grants that
GAO reviewed. While grants officials identified risk in 28 of those 45 grants,
they mitigated risks in only 11.

Poor documentation . Grants officials generally did not adhere to State policies
and procedures relating to documenting internal control activities. For example,
32 of the 61 files reviewed did not contain the required monitoring plan.
Considerable turnover among grants officials makes documenting internal control
activities particularly important. State's periodic management reviews of
selected bureaus' and overseas missions' grant operations have also found that
key documentation was frequently missing or incomplete and made recommendations
to address the problem. However, State has not consistently followed up to
ensure the implementation of these recommendations, as internal control
standards require.

State does not have processes for ensuring compliance with risk analysis and
documentation requirements. Without the proper implementation of its internal
control policies for grants management, State cannot be certain that its
oversight is adequate or that it is using its limited oversight resources
effectively.
Why GAO Did This Study

Grants are key tools that State uses to conduct foreign assistance. In fiscal
year 2012, State obligated over $1.6 billion worldwide for around 14,000 grants
to individuals and organizations for a variety of purposes, such as fostering
cultural exchange and facilitating refugee resettlement. However, recent GAO and
Inspectors General reports have identified challenges with State's management of
these funds. This report examines (1) the policies and guidance that State has
established to administer and oversee grants, and (2) the extent to which the
implementation of those policies and guidance provides reasonable assurance that
funds are being used as intended. GAO analyzed State's policies and guidance,
and interviewed cognizant grants officials at 14 bureaus headquartered in
Washington, D.C., and three overseas missions (Afghanistan, Cambodia, and
Turkey). GAO also conducted file reviews for a sample of 61 grants totaling
approximately $172 million. Selection criteria included total dollar value of
grants in a country, geographic diversity, and balance among bureaus.
What GAO Recommends

GAO recommends that the Secretary of State develop processes for ensuring that
(1) bureaus and missions conduct appropriate risk assessments and (2) grants
officials complete required documentation. GAO also recommends that the
Secretary of State (3) follow up systematically on recommendations from State's
internal reviews of its grants management. State concurred with GAO's
recommendations.

For more information please visit: http://gao.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 696 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                August 26, 1999, Thursday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Bar clears Grant of soliciting business

BYLINE: DAVID KARP

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 575 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Questions were raised about whether the state senator, who wants to be a judge,
tried to use his influence to gain business for his law firm.

For John Grant, the state senator who wants to be a judge, the letter from the
Florida Bar could not have brought better news.

The Bar told Grant earlier this year that he had not violated any rules when he
spoke with Hillsborough County Attorney Emmy Acton about getting county legal
work for his law firm.

The Bar had opened an inquiry into Grant's legal work in February after reports
appeared in the St. Petersburg Times about his meeting with the county's chief
lawyer. At that meeting in October, Grant spoke to Acton about getting his firm,
Harris, Barrett, Mann & Dew, legal work from the county. He also spoke at the
same meeting about sponsoring legislation in the state Senate that county
officials had been seeking at the time.

Grant, R-Carrollwood, said all along that he did nothing wrong by casually
bringing up the two issues in passing. The county eventually decided against
seeking the legislation, and Grant's firm never got any legal work.

"I think the action of the Bar speaks for itself," Grant said Wednesday. "It is
a closed matter."

Even so, critics wondered if Grant had tried to use his influence as a state
senator to steer the county's legal work to the firm where he works.

Lawyers for the Bar focused on a narrower issue: Had Grant violated a rule that
prohibits lawyers from soliciting business from someone with whom they have no
prior professional relationship?

The answer was easy.

Acton informed the Bar that she and Grant had a prior legal relationship. She
had invited Grant and his law firm to apply to do eminent domain legal work for
the county in 1995. She also asked about 20 other law firms to apply for the
same work, Acton said Wednesday.

Grant's law firm ultimately didn't get the legal work in 1995 - or any other
since then.

"His interest in doing county legal work was not linked by him to any actions he
was taking as a state senator," Acton wrote to the Bar earlier this year.

"I believe that the matter should be summarily closed."

The Bar's letter will remove one obstacle to Grant possibly becoming a circuit
judge later this year. Grant, who must leave the Senate in 2000 because of term
limits, has applied to fill one of two vacant circuit judgeships in Hillsborough
County.

"I love the law," Grant said Wednesday.

Grant's application for the judgeship describes his work as a private attorney,
a law professor, a prosecutor and a legislator. He lists 74 references,
including Acton.

The nine-member commission will review Grant's application, along with dozens of
others, and then send up to six names to Gov. Jeb Bush later this year. Bush
will appoint one of the candidates selected by the commission.

If Bush selects Grant, the state Republican Party would have to contend with a
special election about a year before his term expires. So far, only former state
Rep. Faye Culp has filed to run for Grant's seat in 2000. But should Grant get
the judgeship, Culp, a Republican, will run in the special election.

She plans to urge the Judicial Nominating Commission to pick Grant as a finalist
for the bench.

"Hopefully he will get it," she said.

Others interested in the seat include state Rep. Victor Crist, R-Temple Terrace.
"I honestly don't know yet," said Crist, who plans to make a decision by
Christmas.


LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; State Sen. John Grant (ran TAMPA &
STATE); State Sen. John Grant (ran CITY & STATE, METRO & STATE)

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 697 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 1, 2000 Saturday 2D EDITION

17 area agencies share in grants The Denver Post awards $ 1.7 million

BYLINE: By John Ingold, Special to The Denver Post,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 538 words


The Denver Post Charities awarded more than $ 1.7 million in  grants Friday to
17 area nonprofit groups.

The awards go to agencies that positively impact children,  youth and literacy.
The Denver Post Charities raises money through  events with local charities.

The McCormick Tribune Foundation matches those funds 50 cents  on the dollar,
and the money then goes back to the charities.

Since 1998, the Post has raised $ 7 million through  fund-raising events, and it
has granted more than $ 10 million. The  money given out Friday comes from
events in September through  December.

'What the Denver Post has done is made it possible for us to  do 50 percent more
violence prevention,' said Liz Loescher of The  Conflict Center, which received
a grant. 'And 50 percent more  violence prevention is good for all of us.'

The awards were presented at a luncheon at The Post building  and attended by
Post Publisher Jerry Grilly.

'Denver Post Charities is proud of our partnerships with  these outstanding
agencies,' Grilly said. 'We hope our  contributions will help continue the
important work of these  people.'

Among the groups receiving grants:   The Adoption Exchange  will use its grant
to provide children with permanent families.

The American Cancer Society will use its grant to fund  educational programs for
youth.

The Arapahoe Library Friends Foundation will use its grant to  fund literacy and
reading programs.

Central City Opera will use its grant to bring opera to  school children and
at-risk youth.

The Colorado Children's Campaign will use its grant to ensure  the education,
health and safety of at-risk youth.

The Conflict Center will use its grant to fund violence  prevention and
education classes.

The Denver Zoological Foundation will use its grant to fund  zoo visits and
educational programs for underprivileged children.

Families First will use its grant to strengthen families and  protect children
from abuse.

The Jeffco Self-Sufficiency Council will use its grant to  fund programs that
give underprivileged children the chance to  have new school supplies and
participate in sports and music.

The Latin American Research and Service Agency, which  received a grant from the
Denver Post Press for Literacy, will use  its grant to fund student literacy
programs in northwest Denver.

The Littleton Public School Foundation will use its grant to  fund programs that
inspire creativity in teaching and learning.

Opera Colorado will use its grant to bring opera to  underprivileged students.

SafeHouse Denver will use its grant to fund its shelter for  victims of domestic
violence and their children.

St. Joseph's Hospital Foundation will use its grant to fund a  program for
pregnant teens.

The University of Denver will use its grant to provide merit-  and need-based
student scholarships.

Volunteers of America will use its grant to fund a shelter  for domestic-abuse
victims and day care services for children with  HIV/AIDS.

The Young Americans Education Foundation will use its grant  to provide students
with economic education so they can better  handle their finances.

LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Glen Martin Gayle Walker of the McCormick
Tribune Foundation, left, and Tracy Ulmer, the community director for The Denver
Post, center, present an award to Kay Watson and the Littleton Public Schools
Foundation.

TYPE: LIST

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 698 of 866 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 18, 2012 Saturday

Service Ingrained In Grant;
Seniors, Students Benefit From Her Decades Of Good Works

BYLINE: Enelly Betancourt / Newsmaker

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 606  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


NEWSMAKER

BY ENELLY BETANCOURT

Staff Writer

There are those who can help and those who actually will, like Hilary Grant.

Grant is a walking testimony of service to others.

And she has a good reason for it, of course.

"It's what was expected at my house," said Grant. "My father always said, 'Get
up and do something.'"

Service is truly the spice of Grant's life, and she finds satisfaction in
meeting the needs of others.

A fact evidenced by the 41 years she has served as a volunteer with Meals on
Wheels, delivering meals directly to the homes of seniors with limited mobility.

"I enjoy doing it. You get attached to the clients, and you get to know what
makes them tick," Grant said.

Grant's desire to help doesn't stop there.

The mother of four and grandmother of eight has organized lunches to introduce
people from the community to the YWCA and its mission.

In 2003, she received the YWCA Citizen of the Year Award for her years of
dedication and service on the board of directors, planned giving committee and
financial development committee.

Grant, 76, also reads with students at Carter & MacRae Elementary School.

She recalled an encounter with a second-grader who had trouble with reading.

"He was really struggling," Grant said.

"But it's amazing what can happen with a little extra help. By the end of that
year, (the boy) was reading," said Grant with a smile.

At St. James Episcopal Church, where she is a member, this septuagenarian has
helped feed the hungry for 20 years.

Every Friday morning she leaves her apartment at Willow Valley Lakes to join the
church's Anchorage Breakfast Program.

"I went in as a substitute and ended up becoming a regular crew member," she
said.

Grant is part of a group of church women who serve a cafeteria-style breakfast
in the parish house kitchen. They serve about 140 people.

"We don't ask any questions. There are no strings attached, and everyone is
welcome," she said.

Whatever their story, the guests are greeted with a warm smile from Grant.

When she is not serving breakfast at church or reading with students, she can be
found making her meal deliveries in Manheim Township.

"If you don't do these things, then what do you do? Vegetate? There is plenty of
time to do other things," Grant said.

Sitting in her kitchen, she pondered what prompts her to do it over and over
again.

"You really gain when you help others," Grant said. "And these are experiences
that give me joy," Grant said.

She noted that there are never enough volunteers.

"Persuading people to volunteer ... you have to hit the right match. Some people
like to do it and some don't," she said.

Grant was about 12 years old when her mother joined Meals on Wheels in her
native London.

Meals on Wheels, Grant said, originated in England during World War II, when
many families lost their homes and their ability to make their own meals.

"My mother joined a group of women who provided food to the families," Grant
said. "I became very familiar with it and what they did," she said.

Having witnessed her mother's dedication to others and the encouragement of her
father, Grant turned volunteering into a guiding aspect of her life.

She moved to the U.S. in 1969 with her husband, Alistair, and their four
children.

When her youngest child began attending school, Grant cemented her commitment to
serving others. She signed up as a volunteer with Lancaster Meals On Wheels in
1972.

Grant has served the organization in various roles since that time.

Fifteen years ago Grant recruited her husband to join the effort.

"Volunteering is a family affair. ... It's always good to do something outside
the house," she said with a chuckle.

ebetancourt@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff Hilary Grant Has Enjoyed A Lifetime Of Helping Others. Dan
Marschka

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 699 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           September 26, 2008 Friday

2-time teacher of the year Lisa Grant dies

BYLINE: By Damien Fisher

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 510 words


FITCHBURG -- Lisa Grant, a two-time recipient of the Teacher of the Year award
at Fitchburg High School, died Tuesday at the age of 50.

"She loved to take the students who struggle the most and bring them up to
places they didn't think they could reach," said Bob Grant, Lisa Grant's
ex-husband.

Lisa Grant battled cancer for more than 15-years, first fighting off breast
cancer twice, then beating ovarian cancer.

She was diagnosed with lung cancer last year, but stayed in school as long as
she could while fighting the illness, Bob Grant said. Lisa Grant never thought
about leaving the classroom during her illness, Bob Grant said.

"That is what kept her focused," Bob Grant said. "Knowing she had to get well to
keep doing what she loved."

Bob Grant met his ex-wife at Fitchburg State College in 1979, where they both
were students. They married in 1983 and both went to work at group homes for the
mentally disabled.

"She loved the underdog," Bob Grant said.

The Grants have two children, Amanda, 20, and Ryan, 18.

Lisa Grant started teaching at Fitchburg High School in 1993, according to
Fitchburg High School Principal Richard Masciarelli.

Lisa Grant spent her 15-year teaching career focusing on students with learning
disabilities, Masciarelli said.

"She had a special place in her heart for students who needed extra support,"
Masciarelli said. "She had a knack for that and she took great pride that
students with disabilities held their heads high."

Lisa Grant took time off toward the end of the last school year in the spring,
Masciarelli said, as she faced her latest illness.

She worked hard to be better in time for graduation, something she never missed,
Masciarelli said.

Lisa Grant served as a class adviser and loved to help with the graduation every
year, Masciarelli said.

Fitchburg Superintendent Andre Ravenelle said Lisa Grant proved to be one of the
best teachers in the district.

"She was one of those teachers whose job is seven days a week, 24 hours a day,"
Ravenelle said. "She put students above all else."

Fitchburg High School delayed the scheduled open house set for Thursday night to
give teachers a chance to mourn Lisa Grant and go to her wake, Ravenelle said.

"Her loss is being deeply felt," Ravenelle said.

Lisa Grant proved to be an inspiration as she battled cancer, Ravenelle said.

"She shone a light for a lot of people," Ravenelle said.

Lisa Grant won the Teacher of the Year award twice, the Warren Litsky
Distinguished Teacher Award and the Rotary International Teacher of the Year
Award.

The awards she won show the kind of teacher she was her entire career,
Masciarelli said.

"They are indicative of the quality she brought to the classroom every single
day," Masciarelli said.

Bob Grant helped take care of his wife during her last battle with cancer. He
wants to remember the woman who loved to sign and dance, loved to be around
people and loved to teach.

"She had a drive for life," Bob Grant said. "That's what makes this so hard."

Lisa Grant's funeral Mass is today at 10 a.m. at the Sacred Heart Church, Vernon
Street, Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lisa Grant taught at Fitchburg High

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 700 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                            November 28, 2011 Monday

Government provides for 14.9 million a year

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 208 words


A STATISTICAL report on social grants for March this year issued by the SA
Social Security Agency reveals:
 & oThe government funds 14.9 million grants nationally. These include child-
support grants, care dependency grants, foster child grants, disability grants,
old- age grants, war veterans grants and grants in aid.


 oChild-support grants account for the biggest portion of grants (10.3-million),
followed by old-age grants (2.6-million), disability grants (1.2-million),
foster-care grants (512891), care dependency grants (112153), grants in aid
(58413) and war veterans grants (958).
 oMost beneficiaries are females in all regions.
 oChildren under the age of nine account for the majority of child-care grants
(more than six million). This is followed by children between the ages of 10 and
13, of whom there are more than two million. Guardians of a further 1.4 million
children between 14 and 17 receive grants.
 oKwaZulu-Natal has the highest number of grants, followed by the Eastern Cape
and Limpopo.
 oThe monthly amounts paid out for the different grants are: child support:
R260; care dependency: R1140; foster child: R740; disability: R1160; old age:
R1140; grant-in-aid: R260; war veteran: R1160.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 701 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              June 6, 2006 Tuesday
                                 NORTH EDITION

NARRAGANSETT REGIONAL HIGH SCHOOL AWARDS, SCHOLARSHIPS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 1665 words


TEMPLETON - Narragansett Regional High School has announced awards and
scholarships for the Class of 2006.

From colleges, school and outside sources

Brandon Amadon: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Alyssa Amidon: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Teresa Bishop: Federal Pell Grant; MassGrant Scholarship; Federal Supplemental
Educational Opportunity Grant; Worcester State College Tuition Waiver; State
Access Grant Program; Worcester State College Fee Grant.

Jeremiah Breen: Ferrum College Scholarship; John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Joshua Breen: Ferrum College Scholarship, John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Mable Brunson: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Quintin Burks: Fitchburg State College Leadership Academy, John and Abigail
Adams Scholarship.

Maggie Cameron: Berkeley College of New York City Challenge Program Award,
Berkeley College of New York City Achievement Award.

David Canney: Lyceum Achievement Award, Assumption Athletic Incentive Grant,
Assumption College Grant; Gilbert Grant.

Alan Casey: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Alyssa Champagne: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Bryan Ciaramitaro: Federal Pell Grant; Trustee's Achievement Scholarship;
Nichols Opportunity Grant; Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant;
Massachusetts State Grant; Massachusetts Gilbert Grant.

Tyler Clow: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Dustin DelleChiaie: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship; University of
Massachusetts Community Scholarship.

Malia Estes: Boston University Grant; John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Veronica Farrell: Worcester State College Tuition Waiver; Worcester State
College Fee Grant; Worcester State College State Access Grant.

Samantha Favreau: Worcester State College Fee Waiver; Worcester State College
State Access Grant.

Jenna Flis: Providence College Scholarship; Ste. Catherine of Sienna
Scholarship, Providence College; St. Joseph Scholarship, Providence College;
John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Brittney Gerow: Becker College Presidents Grant; Becker College Grant; Becker
College Campus Housing Grant.

Adam Jankauskas: National Football Foundation Scholar-Athlete Award; Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute Leadership Award; Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Medal
Scholarship; John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Joshua LaClair: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship; University of Massachusetts
Chancellor's Merit Fee Waiver.

Sara LaFleur: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Jessica LeClerc: Gardner Education Association Scholarship.

Shanell Malone: Bentley College Grant; Wal-Mart Associate Scholarship.

Tamara Mason: Worcester Polytechnic Institute Scholarship Award; John and
Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Megan McBride: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Tiffany McDonald: Henri's School of Hair Design.

Shawn Miller: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Amanda Morrissey: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Stephanie Nobrega: University of Maine at Farmington University Scholarship;
John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Katherine Person: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Michael Polchlopek: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Rebecca Richard: Fitchburg State College Leadership Academy; John and Abigail
Adams Scholarship; Fletcher Club.

Lynsey Shaffer: Emmanuel College Scholarship; John and Abigail Adams
Scholarship.

Michael Suchocki: Lyceum Achievement Award; Assumption College Grant; Gilbert
Grant.

Amanda Tresback: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Constance Williams: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship.

Local awards

Brandon Amadon: Templeton Police Union No.155 Criminal Justice Scholarship;
Norman Bliss Scholarship.

Alyssa Amidon: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship; Anthony P.
LaGrassa Memorial Scholarship; Mary Alice Mayo Memorial Scholarship; Templeton
Lions Club Scholarship; Town of Templeton Scholarship.

Kaitlyn Arsenault: Charles E. and Elizabeth R. Cheater Scholarship; P.D.G. Floyd
E. Ryder Memorial Scholarship.

Sarah Baker: L.S. Starrett Company Scholarship.

Kevin Balchuinas: Phillipston Lions Club Scholarship.

David Bennett: Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Romeo and Bruce
Meunier Award.

Mable Brunson: Frank J. Rota Scholarship; Templeton Lions Club Scholarship; John
Robert Olivari Memorial Scholarship; Sharon Ann Farrell Memorial Scholarship.

Quintin Burks: Templeton Lions Club Scholarship.

Maggie Cameron: Templeton Lions Club Scholarship; Anthony P. LaGrassa Memorial
Scholarship.

David Canney: Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship.

Alyssa Champagne: Phillipston Lions Club Scholarship; Narragansett Athletic
Boosters' Club Scholarship; Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship.

Bryan Ciaramitaro: Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Templeton
Lions Club Scholarship.

Tyler Clow: Severin and Rosamond Hendrickson Scholarship.

Channing Crosby: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship.

Frederick Crosby: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship.

Michael Doyle: Town of Templeton Scholarship.

Malia Estes: Severin and Rosamond Hendrickson Scholarship.

Veronica Farrell: Narragansett Athletic Boosters Club - Steve Poulin
Scholarship; Mount Wachusett Community College Women's Basketball Scholarship;
Templeton Women's Club Nursing Scholarship; Sharon Ann Farrell Scholarship;
Jeremy LaRoche Memorial Scholarship; Elinor J. Putnam Memorial Scholarship.

Samantha Favreau: Phillipston Policemen's Scholarship Fund; Narragansett
Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Templeton Golden Agers Scholarship; Romeo
and Bruce Meunier Award.

Jenna Flis: Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Templeton Lions
Club Scholarship; Mount Wachusett Community College Women's Basketball
Scholarship; Albina D. and Leon L. Cutting Memorial Scholarship.

James Fucile: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship; Narragansett
Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship.

Austin Fuller: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship.

Brittney Gerow: Phillipston Youth Association Scholarship; Women's Rosary
Sodality Scholarship.

Patrick Hamilton: Masonic Fund Scholarship; Templeton Lions Club Scholarship;
Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Templeton Arts and Crafts
Festival Scholarship.

Matthew Hawkins: Mark Johnson Memorial Scholarship.

Ashton Hill: Templeton Lions Club Scholarship.

Adam Jankauskas: SmithSylvester Scholarship; Gardner Lodge of Elks No.1426 -
Howard Lashua Memorial Scholarship; Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club
Scholarship; Phillipston Democratic Town Committee Scholarship; Phillipston
Memorial School Parent & Teacher Group Scholarship.

Laura Kimball: Claude Marchegiani - Gardner Exchange Club Scholarship.

Lauren Kirby: Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Anthony P.
LaGrassa Memorial Scholarship; Narragansett District Education Association
Scholarship; Mount Wachusett Community College Women's Basketball Scholarship.

Sara LaFleur: Severin and Rosamond Hendrickson Scholarship; Narragansett Music
Parents Association Scholarship.

Jessica LeClerc: Templeton Lions Club Scholarship.

Shanell Malone: Templeton Lions Club Scholarship.

Claude Marchegiani - Gardner Exchange Club Scholarship; John Robert Olivari
Memorial Scholarship Fund; Richard "Ziggy" V. McNamara Scholarship; Town of
Templeton Scholarship; Michael C. Fichtel Memorial Music Scholarship; Anthony P.
LaGrassa Memorial Scholarship.

Tamara Mason: SmithSylvester Scholarship; Templeton Lions Club Scholarship;
Marianne Charpentier Memorial Scholarship; Templeton Women's Club Scholarship.

Shawn Miller: Rachel and Charles Frenier Scholarship.

Alyssa Montalbano: Phillipston Memorial School Parent & Teacher Group
Scholarship; Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship; Severin and
Rosamond Hendrickson Scholarship; Templeton Golden Agers Scholarship; Templeton
Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship; Athol Masonic Charity Scholarship.

Amanda Morrissey: Class of 1973 Scholarship; Templeton Lions Club Scholarship.

Jaclyn Moulton: Frances P. Kodys Memorial Scholarship; Narragansett Athletic
Boosters' Club Scholarship; Mount Wachusett Community College Women's Basketball
Scholarship; L.S. Starrett Company Scholarship.

Stephanie Newton: Yolanda S. and Vincent E. Valliere Scholarship; Anthony P.
LaGrassa Memorial Scholarship; Women's Rosary Sodality Scholarship; John Robert
Olivari Memorial Scholarship Fund.

Stephanie Nobrega: Phillipston Policemen's Scholarship; Phillipston Lions Club
Speech Contest.

Katherine Person: Narragansett Academic Excellence Scholarship; Narragansett
Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship.

Michael Polchlopek: Narragansett District Education Association Scholarship;
Robert "Bobby" LeBlanc Scholarship; Templeton Lions Club Scholarship; John
Robert Olivari Memorial Scholarship Fund; Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club
Scholarship; Frank J. Rota Scholarship; Mickey Baczewski Scholarship; Women's
Rosary Sodality Scholarship.

Caitlin Power: John Robert Olivari Memorial Scholarship Fund.

Rebecca Richard: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship.

Stephanie St. Jean: Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship; Phillipston
Historical Commission Scholarship; Jamie E. Smart Award for Fine Arts.

Lynsey Shaffer: Severin and Rosamond Hendrickson Scholarship; Templeton Lions
Club Scholarship; Templeton Arts and Crafts Festival Scholarship.

Nicole Sterbinsky: Phillipston Democratic Town Committee Scholarship; Ladies
Benevolent Society of the Congregational Church of Phillipston; Narragansett
Music Parents Association Scholarship; Phillipston Lions Club Scholarship; Frank
J. Rota Scholarship.

Michael Suchocki: Narragansett Athletic Boosters' Club Scholarship.

Brett Tourigny: Class of 1973 Scholarship; Frank J. Rota Scholarship; Ryan C.
Schrawder Scholarship.

Amanda Tresback: Robert "Bobby" LeBlanc Scholarship; Narragansett Academic
Excellence Scholarship; Covenant Evangelical Lutheran Church Scholarship.

Patrick Waite: Templeton Arts & Crafts Festival - Gladys I. Salame Memorial
Scholarship; Anthony P. LaGrassa Memorial Scholarship; John Robert Olivari
Memorial Scholarship Fund; Narragansett Music Parents Association Scholarship.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 702 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Singapore Government News

                      February 20, 2017 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Joint Press Release by MND & HDB : Enhanced CPF Housing Grant Offers More
Affordable Housing Options to First-Time Homebuyers

LENGTH: 539  words


Feb. 20 -- Minister for Finance, Mr Heng Swee Keat, announced in the Budget
Statement in Parliament today that the Government will increase the CPF Housing
Grant for first-timer families buying resale HDB flats. This enhancement builds
on the Government's existing efforts to provide more affordable housing options
to homebuyers.

Enhancement of the CPF Housing Grant for First-Timer Families

2. Currently, first-timer families buying resale HDB flats can enjoy up to
$90,000 of housing grants, comprising the CPF Housing Grant ($30,000),
Additional CPF Housing Grant (up to $40,000) and Proximity Housing Grant
($20,000).

3. From today, MND will enhance the CPF Housing Grant to help young couples buy
a resale flat, with more help given to those buying smaller flats to encourage
prudent housing choices. The grant quantum will be increased:

(a) From $30,000 to $50,000, for first-timer families buying a 4-room or smaller
resale flat; and

(b) From $30,000 to $40,000, for first-timer families buying a 5-room or larger
resale flat.

4. Together with the Additional CPF Housing Grant and Proximity Housing Grant,
eligible first-timer families buying resale flats can now enjoy up to $110,000
in housing grants. Please see Annex A for details.

5. The enhanced CPF Housing Grant will provide first-time homebuyers with more
affordable housing options. Besides buying a new Build-to-Order (BTO) flat from
HDB, young couples can also choose from a wide range of resale flats in the open
market. In particular, the enhanced CPF Housing Grant will help young couples
who have a strong preference for a specific location (e.g. to live near their
parents or their workplace), or who wish to move into their own home sooner to
start a family (instead of waiting for a BTO flat).

6. The enhancement of the CPF Housing Grant will complement our other efforts to
help young families get their first home sooner. More details will be announced
by MND at the Committee of Supply 2017 debate.

Enhancements Extended to Singles

7. Similarly, first-timer singles buying resale flats will also benefit from
enhancements to the CPF Housing Grant. The grant quantum, which is half that for
families, will be increased:

(a) From $15,000 to $25,000, for those buying a 4-room or smaller resale flat;
and

(b) From $15,000 to $20,000, for those buying a 5-room resale flat.

8. Together with the existing Additional CPF Housing Grant (up to $20,000) and
Proximity Housing Grant ($10,000), eligible first-timer singles buying resale
flats can enjoy up to $55,000 in housing grants. Please see Annex A for details.

Implementation

9. The enhancements to the CPF Housing Grant for families and singles are
summarised in Table 1:

Table 1: Enhanced CPF Housing Grant for First-timers Buying Resale HDB Flats

Disclaimer: The table has been omitted (The document can be viewed at
http://www.hdb.gov.sg/cs/infoweb/press-release-/enhanced-cpf-housing-grant
-20022017)

10. The enhanced CPF Housing Grant will apply to eligible resale flat
applications received on or after 3.30 pm, 20 February 2017. For enquiries, the
public can contact HDB :

* Sales/Resale Customer Service Line: 1800-866-3066

* Branch Service Line: 1800-225-5432

Source: Housing and Development Board, Government of Singapore

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2017 Singapore Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 703 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                          September 27, 2003 Saturday

LAND GRANT HEIRS WORKING OUT THE DETAILS OF FUNDING

BYLINE: STACI MATLOCK

SECTION: PECOS SECTION; Pg. PE-1

LENGTH: 550 words


Money abounds to help nonprofit groups such as the San Miguel del Bado Land
Grant heirs.

Tapping into it is the trick.

"There's a lot of money out there for nonprofits that want to expand and
improve," Daniel Benavidez, a consultant to housing authorities around the
state, told more than 50 land grant heirs who attended a Sept. 13 board meeting
in San Miguel. "It's an excellent opportunity for people who want to bring
economic development in the area."

To qualify for any funds, a nonprofit group must have updated by-laws, articles
of incorporation and be in good standing with the IRS, Benavidez said.

Rewriting the by-laws is something a handful of land grant heirs are working on.
They've started by translating the original by-laws, which even heirs aren't
sure when they were written, into English. Some of the areas in the by-laws
under review are how much land each heir is entitled to, the terms of ownership
and the price of the property.

In the meantime, the board, which took office last December, is still working to
gather information on exactly who owns what land in the barely 5,000 acres
officially left of the grant. It stretches along the Pecos River from San Ysidro
to Villanueva. They are encouraging land owners within the grant's boundaries to
bring in copies of deeds stamped by a previous land-grant board. Properties
within the legally recognized and owned boundaries of the land grant must have a
stamp by the officers of a land grant board and must be recorded with the San
Miguel County clerk to be legal. Without the approval, property owners will find
it impossible to get title insurance for their land.

Until the board knows what is left of the land grant, they will have a tough
time giving any more land to heirs. In addition, the board is struggling to
ensure its boundaries aren't encroached on by new developments or landowners
along the edges of the grant.

Ben Flores, the board's treasurer, warned people not to fence their properties
until they bring in copies of deeds and surveys.

Attendance at the San Miguel del Bado land grant meetings have swelled in the
last five months.

The heirs to what was once a major toll stop along the Santa Fe Trail and one of
the largest community land grants in the state are realizing they have something
at stake. Originally the San Miguel del Vado (Bado) Land Grant encompassed
310,000 acres of prime pasture and forest lands. An 1897 U.S. Supreme Court case
slashed the acreage to about 5,000, removing all the land once shared in common
by the original families of the grant.

Due out any day and already more than six months late is the second report from
the U.S. General Accounting Office regarding land grants. Based on original
land-grant documents and interviews with heirs around the state, the report will
say whether any community land was wrongfully taken from land grants and if the
U.S. government failed in its duty to protect property rights under the Treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Land-grant scholars and researchers say the San Miguel del
Bado stands a chance of regaining some land or monetary compensation.

Either way, heirs say, the land grant must be organized and ready to manage
whatever comes its way.

The board members will meet with their attorney, Pete Domenici Jr., on Friday to
discuss land grant issues.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2003 The New Mexican


                          FOCUS - 704 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              April 4, 2004 Sunday

MY VIEW: LAND GRANTS, AT LAST, DEFINED IN STATE LAW

BYLINE: Roberto Mondragón

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. F-3

LENGTH: 528 words


Senate Bill 142, signed by Gov. Bill Richardson, refers to community land grants
.

For the first time, state law defines a community land grant. Up to this point,
a land grant had been defined as a quasi-municipality, a definition that has
been unclear since the beginning.

From time immemorial, in Spanish, a land grant had been defined as a merced. The
term used to describe a land grant in the recently passed legislation is "land
grant/merced."

Land-grant advocates are glad to finally have a description in the law which
defines them as what they always have been and continue to be -- mercedes.

The other definitions included were for "heir" and "qualified voting member."
The definition of heir in the legislation includes the proviso that a person be
a descendant of the original grantees. In order to be a qualified voting member,
the heir must register according to the land grant/merced bylaws. This also
assures that a person who is not an heir cannot hold interest in the common
lands of the land grant/merced.

Land grants/mercedes will be governed by their bylaws and the Treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo as political subdivisions of the state. The bylaws will need
to be in substantial compliance with state law.

The various boards of the land grants/mercedes use different methods in
conveying common lands within their grant. Most community land-grant advocates
feel that common lands should not be sold. Further, they have proposed that
conveyances be made in other ways, such as on a long-term lease basis. Some land
grants include a reversion clause when land is conveyed for public purposes such
as schools or community centers.

In the current legislation, all references to sale of common lands have been
deleted and a strict "due process" procedure has been established for any
conveyance of common lands.

Another important section calls for every land grant/merced to put together a
plan to deal with land use that will include zoning, infrastructure and economic
development within the boundaries of the grant.

One of the important things that Senate Bill 142 provides is for more
transparent governance.

With regard to elections, the board must give 15 days notice bilingually -- in
English and Spanish -- in public places and in a local newspaper. Elections are
to be conducted, as nearly as practicable, in the same manner as the general
elections of the state.

Notice of meetings must be provided in a public place at least 10 days prior to
the meeting in Spanish and English. Up to this point, there was no set number of
meetings required by law. The legislation provides that land grant/merced boards
of directors will meet at least quarterly. All board meetings must comply with
the Open Meetings Act. It also provides for good record-keeping and for an
annual report to be maintained in a public place.

Some land grants have specific legislation that only applies to them. This was
not changed by current legislation. However, as SB 142 becomes law, those land
grants with specific statutes may opt to be covered by the provisions of this
legislation instead.

Land-grant activist Roberto Mondragón of Santa Fe is a former lieutenant
governor of New Mexico.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                          FOCUS - 705 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              May 27, 2005 Friday

School named after longtime volunteer

BYLINE: CHRISTINA GUERRERO, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: RANCHO CUCAMONGA/FONTANA/RIALTO

LENGTH: 637 words


When Fontana resident Dorothy Grant attended school as a child, she was so poor
her family tied a pencil to her neck with a string so it wouldn't be lost.

"I didn't have these conveniences," Grant said. "I came up the hard way. I'm
just glad these students have the advantages they have today. They have no
reason to not get an education."

Grant was recognized by the Fontana Unified School District at the dedication of
Dorothy Grant Elementary School on May 18 in Fontana.

"I'm just happy that I've made a difference in Fontana, not North Fontana, I've
made a difference in Fontana," Grant said proudly.

Fontana Mayor Mark Nuaimi and San Bernardino County Fifth District Supervisor
Josie Gonzales thanked Grant for her volunteer efforts and involvement in the
city.

"That's my biggest contribution to be a volunteer," Grant said.

Grant was born in Louisiana, but when her mother died when she was 3 years old,
she was raised with a white family until she was 14.

"I learned the culture of both sides of the fence," Grant said. "I learned the
culture of both blacks and whites."

Grant then moved in with her aunt in Texas where she lived until she graduated
from high school and moved to California, Arizona and then Fontana in 1959.

Grant began volunteering as a parent helper for the school nurse at North
Tamarind Elementary School where her daughter attended, and was hired by the
Fontana district in 1960 as a cafeteria worker at Alder Jr. High School.

"I started at $1.41 an hour working in the cafeteria," Grant said.

A few years later, she transferred to Fontana High School as a matron in the
physical education department where she retired in 1986 after 26 years with the
district.

Grant has volunteered with many community organizations, including the PTA, Ways
& Means Committee, Exchange Club of Fontana and Habitat for Humanity.

As a political activist, Grant helped establish the the North Fontana Head Start
Program and the Jessie Turner Community Center where she volunteered for 25
years and started the Commodities Food Giveaway Program.

At City Council meetings, Grant lobbied for many years to improve the roads,
sewers and lights in her neighborhood and advocated for police to crack down on
drug houses. "If I ever started anything, I like to finish it," Grant said.

Grant has established the Dorothy Grant Foundation, which provides scholarships
to local children, through drawings and snack bar sales.

She has received numerous honors and awards, including the San Bernardino County
Education Medal of Honor, the Juanita Scott Humanitarian of the Year Award, the
Project Head Start Award and state Legislature Woman of the Year.

"I've always wanted to do and give back to this big world we live in," Grant
said. "I just wanted to do something because other people have done for me."

The school was originally going to be named Lime Elementary, but it was changed
to Dorothy Grant Elementary: The Home of the Volunteers in honor of Grant.

"She's a remarkable person," Principal Nelson Togerson said. "She cares deeply
about people. It's just fantastic that she's being recognized she's a true
example of volunteerism and that's why we call ourselves the volunteers."

The school, which opened in August, is complete with a butterfly garden,
pondless waterfall and state of the art technology, including a computerized
library, computer lab with 33 stations, on-line encyclopedia, Internet search
engines, streaming video and closed circuit video system as well as wireless
listening centers, projection systems and student computers in every classroom.

"The technology that we have available to us is really incredible," Togerson
said.

- Christina Guerrero can be reached by e-mail at
christina.guerrero@dailybulletin.com or by phone at [909] 483-8541.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 706 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 19, 2007 Wednesday

Grants aim to enliven 150th celebration in Minnesota

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 538  words


During Minnesota's 150th birthday celebration next year, Washington and Rice
county historical enthusiasts will play America's national pastime like they did
back when the state was born.

On Tuesday, state officials announced recipients of state grant money that will
be used for historical projects during Minnesota's sesquicentennial year in
2008.

In all, the Minnesota Statehood Sesquicentennial Commission awarded a total of
$73,000 to fund 60 different historical projects in 48 counties.

Washington and Rice counties plan to use their grant money to reenact a "base
ball" game that reflects the era before players wore mitts and long before many
of the rules that define today's game went into effect.

In south Minneapolis, the Heart of the Beast Puppet and Mask Theatre will use
its matching grant to put on a two-person puppet show called "Land of 10,000
Lakes: Minnesota's 150-year Connection to Water. "

The bilingual show, in English and Spanish, will explore the state's historic
and contemporary relation to water, through issues like water quantity, quality
and conservation, according to Kathee Foran, the theater's executive director.

"The show is tied to the idea of stewardship of this amazing natural resource
that we have in such abundance in Minnesota," Foran said.

The grants fund projects throughout the state that range from commemorating
American Indian culture to documenting the role of communications technology in
rural Minnesota.

"It really covers the gamut of Minnesota. We had a really great range," said
Sesquicentennial Commission Executive Director Jane Leonard.

The so-called micro-grants are part of $325,000 that state lawmakers
appropriated during the 2007 session for sesquicentennial grants. The commission
has $77,000 more to spend on micro grants and would like to fund projects in all
87 counties, Leonard said. The deadline for the next round of micro grants is
Dec. 7.

The commission will spend the remainder of the legislative appropriation on
so-called legacy grants. Those grants are between $5,000 and $7,500 and are
intended to fund projects that last beyond the sesquicentennial year. The first
deadline for legacy grants was Sept. 10. There is another round of legacy grant
applications accepted through Nov. 1.

All grants, whether micro or legacy, are one-to-one matching grants, where the
local match can be in-kind or cash.

Some of the other micro-grant recipients announced Tuesday:

* The Anoka County Historical Society received a grant to reenact Christmas at a
Civil War encampment.

* The Friends of Wild River State Park received a grant to hold a series of
programs about Ojibwa culture.

* The Rourke Art Museum in Moorhead received a grant to curate a traveling
exhibit of works by Minnesota artists on the theme of settlement and expansion.

* The Clay County Historical Society received a grant to do an exhibit about the
use of communications technology through the county's history.

* A group called Note-able Fashions received a grant for living history programs
at Redwood County libraries on the subject of mid-19th century music and
clothing.

The grants fall into five categories: education, innovation, arts and culture,
health and wellness, and outdoors and natural resources.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 707 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                               September 20, 2007

Grants aim to enliven Minnesota's 150th birthday celebration

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 551  words


During Minnesota's 150th birthday celebration next year, Washington and Rice
county historical enthusiasts will play America's national pastime like they did
back when the state was born.

On Tuesday, state officials announced recipients of state grant money that will
be used for historical projects during Minnesota's sesquicentennial year in
2008.

In all, the Minnesota Statehood Sesquicentennial Commission awarded a total of
$73,000 to fund 60 different historical projects in 48 counties.

Washington and Rice counties plan to use their grant money to reenact a "base
ball" game that reflects the era before players wore mitts and long before many
of the rules that define today's game went into effect.

In south Minneapolis, the Heart of the Beast Puppet and Mask Theatre will use
its matching grant to put on a two-person puppet show called "Land of 10,000
Lakes: Minnesota's 150-year Connection to Water. "

The bilingual show, in English and Spanish, will explore the state's historic
and contemporary relation to water, through issues like water quantity, quality
and conservation, according to Kathee Foran, the theater's executive director.

"The show is tied to the idea of stewardship of this amazing natural resource
that we have in such abundance in Minnesota," Foran said.

The grants fund projects throughout the state that range from commemorating
American Indian culture to documenting the role of communications technology in
rural Minnesota.

"It really covers the gamut of Minnesota. We had a really great range," said
Sesquicentennial Commission Executive Director Jane Leonard.

The so-called micro-grants are part of $325,000 that state lawmakers
appropriated during the 2007 session for sesquicentennial grants. The commission
has $77,000 more to spend on micro grants and would like to fund projects in all
87 counties, Leonard said. The deadline for the next round of micro grants is
Dec. 7.

The commission will spend the remainder of the legislative appropriation on
so-called legacy grants. Those grants are between $5,000 and $7,500 and are
intended to fund projects that last beyond the sesquicentennial year. The first
deadline for legacy grants was Sept. 10. There is another round of legacy grant
applications accepted through Nov. 1.

All grants, whether micro or legacy, are one-to-one matching grants, where the
local match can be in-kind or cash.

Some of the other micro-grant recipients announced Tuesday:

* The Anoka County Historical Society received a grant to reenact Christmas at a
Civil War encampment.

* The Friends of Wild River State Park received a grant to hold a series of
programs about Ojibwa culture.

* The Rourke Art Museum in Moorhead received a grant to curate a traveling
exhibit of works by Minnesota artists on the theme of settlement and expansion.

* The Clay County Historical Society received a grant to do an exhibit about the
use of communications technology through the county's history.

* A group called Note-able Fashions received a grant for living history programs
at Redwood County libraries on the subject of mid-19th century music and
clothing.

The grants fall into five categories: education, innovation, arts and culture,
health and wellness, and outdoors and natural resources.

Finance and Commerce is a sister publication of the Saint Paul Legal Ledger.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 708 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 15, 2009 Monday

Moscow grants coordinator position paying off: City has been awarded more than
$950,000 in grants so far in 2009

BYLINE: Pamela Robel, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


Jun. 15--Moscow pays its grants coordinator $42,120 per year, not counting
benefits.

The investment has paid off to the tune of $950,208 in grant funding for city
projects this year alone.

"It is a position that was overdue and we have definitely benefited," Moscow
City Supervisor Gary Riedner said. "It's like anything else. If you're going to
compete on a regional, state, and national level for grants, you need to bring
in expertise. Now we have that."

Alisa Stone has secured grants for multiple city departments, including parks
and recreation, public works, fire and arts.

The city has been awarded 11 grants since January, nearly double what it
received in the same time frame last year, and Stone said there may be more to
come.

"We have about 15 grants we're waiting for approval on," she said.

Stone said the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, aka, the federal stimulus
package, bumped up the grant award numbers this year.

Moscow Finance Director Don Palmer said the city has benefited from grants for
road projects and public transit that it "otherwise would not have gotten."

Palmer said the 2008 revenue generated by Stone was about $773,796, or about 6
percent of the city's governmental funds for the year.

Individual departments were responsible for preparing their own grant
applications before Stone began working for the city. She began researching and
writing grants and supervising grant contract compliance for the city in 2007,
when the position was created. She previously served as a loan officer for the
Small Business Administration in Coeur d'Alene.

Riedner said Stone is an "extreme benefit" to the city.

"Before we had all the different departments reviewing, writing and applying for
grants," he said. "We didn't have a comprehensive program for grants.

Stone has worked to change the grant application structure from one that focused
on public works to a broader spectrum.

"Before I got here, most of the grant projects were public works-oriented, and
now we have some diversification in our portfolio," Stone said.

Among the grants Stone has applied for this year, two would aid the community
and further diversify the city's grants portfolio.

The first is a grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture that would provide
more money for the promotion, expansion and enhancement of the Moscow Farmers
Market.

The other is a grant from the Office of Violence Against Women that would
provide more money for the enforcement of restraining orders in cases that
involve battered women and children, as well as provide money for "local data
terminals" so that police officers would have instant access to police records
in their patrol vehicles.

Pamela Robel can be reached at (208) 882-5561, ext. 234, or by e-mail at
probel@dnews.com

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090615-1MW-Moscow-grants-coordinator-position-paying-off-0615

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                                 Copyright 2009


                          FOCUS - 709 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 29, 2010 Tuesday

Film examines personal side of 'Don't Ask Don't Tell' policy

BYLINE: By BONNIE HORGOS MediaNews

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 601 words


Due to the discovery of a couple love letters written to her girlfriend, Robin
Bolster-Grant was kicked out of Annapolis in January of 1983.

The 48-year-old Bonny Doon resident describes her story in "Out of Annapolis," a
documentary by Steve Clark Hall that explores the effects of the military's
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy. Bolster-Grant was one of 15 alumni documented in
the film but is the only one who was kicked out before graduating.

Bolster-Grant enrolled at Annapolis in 1980, four years after the naval academy
began accepting women. The aspiring aeronautical engineering major felt ready to
take on the challenge.

"As a young person, I had all of these hopes and dreams," Bolster-Grant said. "I
wanted to be a pilot."

Still, the academy's goal to "morally, mentally and physically" develop students
through countless hours of workouts and classes was grueling.

Being a woman didn't make it any easier, she said.

"It was the hardest thing I've ever done," Bolster-Grant said. "I think it was a
little harder for women because we were still novel."

Harassment was frequent, with daily name-calling and threats, she said.

"The harassment was pretty bad, all the way up to physical stuff,"

Bolster-Grant said. "They'd say, 'I'm going to make sure you don't graduate."

Bolster-Grant was a part of a 110 person company with only nine or 10 women.
Only three women graduated and the men would put the departed's name tags on a
bulletin board, she said.

Still, Bolster-Grant made it through two and a half years. Little did she know,
the school had been investigating her for 11 months.

"Sophomore year, I fell in love with a woman on the softball team," Bolster-
Grant said. "It didn't occur to me that people were watching me. I was careful."

Bolster-Grant said her roommates broke into her locker and found love letters
between the two and reported her.

Bolster-Grant said she was interrogated for three hours by school officials. She
then met with the commandant, who told her to leave. Her girlfriend had already
graduated, but Bolster-Grant said the outing "ruined her career."

"He expressed regret that it had to be that way," Bolster-Grant said. "I
understood that because it is a place very much about rules. You just have to
accept things."

Despite the discrimination and arduous workouts, Bolster-Grant said the news was
hard to swallow.

"It was a great place to be, so it made it that much harder to have it taken
away," Bolster-Grant said.

Bolster-Grant left Annapolis and moved on to the University of California-Davis
where she studied environmental policy and planning.

"I put it behind me because it hurt too much to think of all the anger and
shame," she said.

Bolster-Grant settled into her new life. She works for the Santa Cruz County
planning department and has been with her wife Susan Grant for 10 years.

Bolster-Grant revisited the past, though, when she was contacted four years ago
by prior classmates involved in the United States Naval Academy Out program, an
organization of more than 300 gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender of the
academy's alumni. Steve Clark Hall, one of the members, was working on "Out of
Annapolis" and wanted Bolster-Grant to participate.

Bolster-Grant said recalling her story was difficult; witnessing it on film was
even more so.

"It's hard for me to watch because it brings a lot of anger and sadness back,"
she said.

Still, Bolster-Grant said the film accurately portrays the effects of the "Don't
Ask, Don't Tell" policy.

"Steve Clark Hall did a great job I think in covering the costs," she said. "The
personal stories flesh out and make these policies more real."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robin Bolster-Grant was kicked out of the military due to the "Don't
Ask, Don't Tell" policy. Her story is documented in the film "Out of Annapolis,"
directed by Steve Clark Hall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 710 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                 Sampson Independent (Clinton, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

Facade grant changes benefit more businesses

BYLINE: Kristy D. Carter, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words


April 19--ROSEBORO -- Guidelines for the Roseboro Facade Grant were changed
during the last meeting, all in an effort to provide more businesses
opportunities for improvement.

The facade grant is an incentive-based measure to encourage and provide an
economic incentive for the renovation of building facades in the Roseboro town
limits, implementation of appropriate design standards for the rehabilitation of
potentially historic buildings and preservation of the unique architectural and
commercial character of the town.

According to Roseboro mayor Alice Butler, the Facade Grant Committee made a few
changes to the grant, and requested the board approve the changes during a
recent meeting.

The program, which was established in 2009, was initially governed by the Main
Street Committee. At the collapse of that committee, the grant has been overseen
by the town. Within the town's budget, $6,000 has been set aside yearly. The
grant will provide a dollar for dollar match, up to $2,000 for each project.

Butler said the current grant guidelines only allowed for three grants to be
distributed on a yearly basis, but the new guidelines will allow for a maximum
of $6,000 to be spent on any number of businesses.

"For two or three years there wasn't a grant awarded," commissioner Ray Clark
Fisher said. "That money needs to be rolled over so that we can help as many
businesses as possible."

Facade Improvement Grants will provide 50 percent reimbursement for the first
$4,000 spent on an approved project. The maximum amount reimbursed on any
approved project will be $2,000.

"I'd hate to turn someone away because we are limiting it to three total grants,
" commissioner Richard Barefoot said. "I think it's a good idea to maximize how
many grants we give out for a total of $6,000 each year."

Facade grant funds can be used for the removal of false fronts and metal
canopies, safe cleaning of brick and stone fronts, installation of appropriate
signage, canvas awning installation, window and door repairs, repainting,
structural repair, historic renovations, landscaping including sidewalks and
plantings and replacing or adding address information to a structure.

Any property owner or business tenant in a commercial building in the project
area is eligible to apply for the grant. Government facilities and private
dwellings are excluded from consideration.

Applicants are eligible to apply for the grant funding every three years and the
grant expires 12 months from the date of approval. Checks will be issued to the
business at the completion of the work. Once approved, property owners have up
to four months to begin their project.

The facade grant was initially created by using funds from interest off of the
Revolving Loan program. For the last couple of years, it has mainly been funded
by the town's general fund and was created to initiate interest in cleaning up
and fixing up buildings downtown. The program's goal is to award three grants
each year.

Updates to the facade grant guidelines have been done, Butler said, in an effort
to gain more businesses utilizing the grant.

"People can use this to make the downtown area look better," Butler shared.

Reach Kristy D. Carter at 910-592-8137, ext. 2588. Follow us on Twitter at
@SampsonInd. Like us on Facebook.

___ (c)2016 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160419-1SM-Facade-grant-changes-benefit-more-businesses-0419-20160419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2016 Sampson Independent


                          FOCUS - 711 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

County discusses grant applications

BYLINE: Felicia Cummings, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


June 17--At the Baldwin County commissioners meeting, county officials addressed
grant applications to be used for county projects.

Finance Director Dawn Hudson presented two grant applications to the board of
commissioners for approval.

"We have two separate proposals from Allen Smith Consulting to provide grant
writing services for a 2016 CDBG Grant Application and a 2015 OneGeorgia Equity
grant application. We have used Allen Smith Consulting for our grant writing
since 1995 and they have been successful in obtaining 17 grants for Baldwin
County."

Hudson also laid out the specifications of the firm's grant writing services
before commissioners voted.

"We're asking you to approve their proposals for these two grant applications
again. I will ask you to vote on this separately. The first is a proposal for
grant writing services for the CDBG grant application. The fee for grant writing
services is $8,000 dollars. As part of the agreement, Allen Smith Consulting
will help the county determine the most competitive project for submission," she
said.

Hudson added that, if funded, the consulting firm would provide grant
administrative services for the grant at a fee of six percent of the grant
award.

The target area for the CDBG grant would be a sewer project for Youngblood Road,
which would be phase two of the CDBG grant.

"The proposal for grant writing services for OneGeorgia Equity grant application
the fee is also 8,000 dollars. They will also help determine the most
competitive project for submission. We've looked at a few projects and right now
we're looking to fund a new fueling station at the airport."

Commissioners approved both grant writing proposals separately.

In other business the board:

--approved minutes from the June 2 regular commission meeting;

--reviewed a list of surplus property;

--discussed bids for 2014 CDBG Sewer Improvement Project;

--discussed professional services with firms regarding the airport and landfill
closure;

--listened to the county manager's report; and

--listened to public comments on issues such as landfill closure, a potential
area splash pad, and resident problems with the transferring of 911 calls
between city and county dispatch.

The board went into executive session around 6:43 p.m. to discuss property
acquisition.

___ (c)2015 The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Ga.) Visit The Union-Recorder
(Milledgeville, Ga.) at unionrecorder.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150617-UG-County-discusses-grant-applications-0617-20150617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                       Copyright 2015 The Union-Recorder


                          FOCUS - 712 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     Suwannee Democrat (Live Oak, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

HamCo: Senior Premier Living hits snag with grant process

BYLINE: Joyce Marie Taylor, Suwannee Democrat, Live Oak, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


June 30--The proposed $62 million Senior Premier Living (SPL) project hit a snag
on June 4, when North Florida Professional Services (NFPS) grant writer Megan
Carter declined to write a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) for the
project, according to information that was presented at the June 16 meeting of
the Hamilton County Board of County Commissioners.

Representatives from Florida Gateway Regional Center, including founder and CEO
Raj Doobay were unable to attend the meeting, so construction manager Danny
Carlton was sent to speak on their behalf.

Carlton said NFPS declined to do the grant for them and he asked the board if
they could recommend another grant writer.

Commission Chair Josh Smith pointed out that Spencer Neighbors was sitting in
the audience and he was a grant writer. Neighbors handles S.H.I.P program grants
for the county. Smith told Carlton that the board could not have any discussion
about what SPL and a private grant writer can do, and that it was between the
two of them.

"This county, that I know of, we don't have a grant writer on staff," said
Smith.

Commissioner Buster Oxendine said the way he understood it from back and forth
e-mails was that NFPS gave SPL a quote to handle the entire project, including
engineering, design and construction, as well as writing the CDBG grant.

"And then you come back and ask them to break it out and to do the grant writing
only for them at this time," said Oxendine. "They decided they did not want to
break it down that way, for some reason."

Oxendine said Carter pointed out the timelines for infrastructure and other
parts of the project that have specific criteria that need to be followed in a
timely manner. He said Doobay would be wise to re-negotiate with NFPS, or
someone who is experienced with the grant process, or risk things falling
through. He stressed that NFPS has their reasons for declining and that they are
not county employees.

"They are contractors for the county and we pay them for a service, just like
you'll have to do with them," said Oxendine.

There was some confusion as to how the process would work if the county agreed
to be the applicant for the grant, so Neighbors explained.

"They can go out and procure an experienced individual to prepare the
application, pay for it out of pocket, and submit it on the county's behalf,
period... that project's over," said Neighbors. "Regardless if it gets funded or
not, you pay that service and it gets submitted. Once that happens, if the grant
is funded, then the county would have to go out for proposals and find an
individual to write the grant. The individual submitting the application is not
necessarily the one that will be administering the grant."

Carlton said he was just trying to make sure the project kept moving forward in
the right direction, and that Doobay was also confused about the grant process
and the county's involvement.

Greg Bailey from NFPS stated when his company declined to write the grant, they
suggested SPL check with Neighbors, as he was an experienced grant writer or
contact other grant writers.

"He's at the point now that he needs somebody to write the application," said
Bailey.

County Coordinator Louie Goodin said the board did not need to be involved until
the grant is funded.

County Clerk Greg Godwin told Carlton, "The application process is the only
thing you're involved in. Once that thing is approved, you won't be involved in
it, either, except for what happens out there on your property."

"Tell him (Doobay) we're still rooting for him," Smith told Carlton.

___ (c)2015 the Suwannee Democrat (Live Oak, Fla.) Visit the Suwannee Democrat
(Live Oak, Fla.) at www.suwanneedemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150630-LF-HamCo-Senior-Premier-Living-hits-snag-with-grant
-process-0630-20150630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LF


                        Copyright 2015 Suwannee Democrat


                          FOCUS - 713 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Education Foundation, Biltz family award teaching grants

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 665 words


Aug. 23--CORSICANA -- It was a great start to the school year that begins on
Monday.

Ten groups of teachers got the call to "come on down" Thursday at the Corsicana
ISD Convocation to accept a grant from the Corsicana Education Foundation. The
foundation awarded $31,602.97 to innovative programs benefiting CISD students.

In addition to the foundation grants, a special grant award was given by Dr.
Charles and Jane Biltz, a grant that will send every sixth grade student from
Drane Intermediate to the Perot Museum of Nature and Science. The Biltzes and
the Education Foundation have joined together to commit to funding the Biltz
Museum grant for the next five years.

Other grants awarded during Thursday's convocation include:

--"Bringing the Elements of Jazz to Corsicana" to Bre Osbourn, Jeff Osbourn and
Curtis Oakley -- the $2,400 grant will provide instruments to create a jazz band
for Corsicana High and Collins Middle school students.

--At Bowie Elementary, "Strengthening the Core of Learning" focuses on building
core stability for elementary level students. The $459.77 grant was awarded to
teacher Kristen Darby.

--The award-winning Ag Mechanics program at Collins Middle School received a
$6,500 grant for their next project "Math, Science, English, Shop & Careers"
which will assist in a specialized lift for disabled veterans. Teachers are
Larry Acock, Jennifer Sutton, Jennifer Cabano and Tracey Daniels.

--Using nature field guides, binoculars, nets, and other materials to reconnect
students with nature, "Nature Nerds" will impact biology and environmental
systems at CHS. The $3,000 grant was awarded to Lacey Ogburn, Linda Wells, Greg
Hazelwood, Gary Jessie and Robert August.

--At Fannin Elementary, "Look Out! Here Comes Treble" will purchase musical
instruments and tie music to core subjects. The grant of $923.75 was awarded to
Cindy McCary.

--Spanish speaking students will be served by new Spanish Literature collections
at Drane, Collins and CHS through the "Collection of Spanish Literature" grant.
The $2,171.89 grant was awarded to Rudolph Villareal, Lucy Jones and Ruth Alba.

--Carroll Elementary had a waiting list of students last year wanting to join
Carroll's after-school Math Club. This year's "Math Club" grant of $843.56 will
continue to serve students interested in math and expand the program. Grant
awarded to Molly Corrington.

--Collins Students who enjoy and seek the arts and professional performances may
continue to do so through special arrangements and transportation by the Culture
Club's "Crazy for Culture" grant. The $2,500 grant was awarded to Monique
Morgan, Denise Goodrich and Ana Gonzalez.

--"Oh, I See!" will provide new equipment for photojournalism and deaf education
students at Collins Middle School. The $2,000 grant was awarded to Cynthia
Garcia and Kristin Haden.

--The Education Foundation previously awarded another grant on June 7 to Drane
Intermediate for a summer math camp that targeted 100 students. The "Light Up
Math" grant provided an eight-day camp. Students involved in the camp saw a 74
percent increase in scores from pre-test to post-test.

The Corsicana Education Foundation is a 501(c)3, comprised of a board of
volunteers from the community that strive to enrich, maintain and expand
programs and projects at CISD. Through donations, the foundation has given over
$600,000 to programs that support CISD students since 2002.

The primary fundraiser for CEF is the second Annual C&B Seen Gala hosted on Oct.
5, 2013 at the I.O.O.F. Convention Center from 6 to 10:30 p.m. Entertainment
will be provided by Russell Boyd, The Piano Man, and the theme is the "Royal
Blue, Black & White Gala." Tickets are $75 per person, and table sponsorships
are available. For more information, please contact CEF Executive Director
Kristin Zastoupil at (903) 602-8133.

___ (c)2013 the Corsicana Daily Sun (Corsicana, Texas) Visit the Corsicana Daily
Sun (Corsicana, Texas) at corsicanadailysun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130823-XQ-Education-Foundation-Biltz-family-award-teaching-grants
-0823-20130823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                       Copyright 2013 Corsicana Daily Sun


                          FOCUS - 714 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 14, 2007 Sunday

Writer nets nine grants for schools

BYLINE: By Kevin Buey Headlight Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Deming Public Schools has received nine grants this calendar year on
applications written by Martha Slocum. The grants total $673,139.

Slocum has been writing grant applications for DPS since 2000, enriching DPS
coffers by $1,710,822.

The largest grant awarded on a Slocum application this year is for $299,555, for
Red Mountain Middle School, for Improving Literacy Through School Libraries. It
includes an electronic reference section accessible 14-hours-a-day for Red
Mountain students and staff.

"Not only does Martha know how to write grants ," Deming Schools Superintendent
Harvielee Moore said, "she's learning how to find them. She looks for a specific
area and if she comes across another (in which DPS has interest), she'll
remember it."

The first grant application for which Slocum was paid was written for the City
of Deming in 1999, an application from which DPS benefited. It brought federal
money to the Deming Police Department for its School Resource Officer program.
That grant is no longer available, cut by the Bush Administration over
objections of numerous jurisdictions and legislators nationwide.

Slocum, from Geneva, Ohio, 45 miles from Cleveland, attended Kent State
University for a year.

"I went back to school to finish and get a bachelors degree," she said of
attending Western New Mexico University-Deming, at Mimbres Valley Learning
Center. "I took a course with grant writing, with Nancy Patterson and
Harvielee."

Patterson is the district's Associate Superintendent of Human Resources.

"I had no idea this could be a career," Slocum said. "I have a Bachelors in
Academic Studies and a Masters in education Leadership, both from Western."

She worked with Bill Kiehl, then at the Deming Police Department, on the School
Resource Officer grant.

"He gave me most of the information" Slocum said of material for the
application. "We got something like $440,000. After that, a few months later,
Nancy called me and asked me if I could do a grant application, one of the
Perkins Grants."

Those are U.S. Department of Education grants. The DoE's Office of Vocational
and Adult Education (OVAE) administers the Perkins Act. Under the Perkins Act,
federal funds are available for vocational-technical education programs and
services. The vast majority of funds appropriated under the Perkins Act are
awarded as grants to state education agencies.

Deming High School uses Perkins Grants, for example, for its wood shop students
to build houses which are then sold in the community.

"I wrote three Perkins Grants," Slocum said, "including for welding and
robotics."

She has also written a Science grant which was used to purchase equipment for
students in district science programs.

"I do grant evaluations as a 'juror' for pre-K grants," Slocum says of grants
read in Albuquerque. She has also done evaluation on a Ben Archer grant, for a
health program funded federally.

"Now," she said, "I'm sort of looking for things for Western (New Mexico
University), linking high school right to college."

Those grants would expedite a student's smooth transition from high school to
college.

"We have so many needs in the district," Moore said of Slocum constantly seeking
grants for Deming Schools. "She's able to multi-task."

That's remembering an area that would help the district even as she researched
another project.

"She is networking with our staff and teachers," Moore said. "She has expanded
her networking at the federal level."

Kevin Buey can be reached at kbuey@demingheadlight.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Slocum

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 715 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 14, 1999, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATALIE NEVILLE GRANT, MATRIARCH OF MEDICAL FAMILY, DIES

BYLINE: Robert W. Duffy; Cultural News Editor Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO, Pg. D10

LENGTH: 560 words


Natalie Neville Grant - an occupational therapist and nurse who married into one
of the great medical families of Missouri and became its matriarch and mainstay
- died Monday (Dec. 13, 1999) at Mari de Villa Retirement Center in Town and
Country. She was 101.

Mrs. Grant was born in Nashua, N.H., on Feb. 1, 1898. When she was a child, her
family moved to Europe and lived for a time in the town of Hildesheim, where she
became proficient in German.

Back in the United States, she attended Dana Hall School in Wellesley, Mass.,
and the Madiera School in Washington. Unlike most other young ladies from her
background, however, she decided to learn something that would provide her with
employment. She studied first to be an occupational therapist.

During World War I, she worked at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio. German
prisoners of war who were sent there benefited from the fact that one young
woman on duty there could speak their language. After the war, she enrolled at
the Peter Bent Brigham School of Nursing in Boston.

Upon graduation, she went to Europe, practiced nursing at the American Hospital
in Neuilly, France, and worked as a private duty nurse for families in Paris.

While at school in Boston, she'd met a young doctor named Samuel B. Grant, to
whom she was married in 1926. Grant, whose father, John M. Grant, was a
physician as well, was the founder of the celebrated Grant Medical Clinic in the
Central West End. Two of the Grants' sons, the late John M. Grant II, who died
in 1997, and Neville Grant, practiced medicine at the Grant Clinic.

Mrs. Grant transplanted herself to St. Louis from New England and Europe and
flourished here in a comfortable house in Clayton. She lived there with her
husband, their three sons and a steady parade of visitors who found that time
spent with the Grants was time well spent indeed.

Mrs. Grant was no stranger to suffering. In the early 1960s, her husband
suffered a stroke that paralyzed his right side totally and left him unable to
speak. Mrs. Grant, ever the nurse, took on his disability with a vengeance.

"Her main interest in life was making other people happy and comfortable when
they came together," her son, Samuel B. Grant Jr., said.

Dr. Grant died in 1982. In an awful irony, Mrs. Grant suffered a stroke herself
in the early 1990s and was paralyzed on her right side.

In spite of this paralysis, or perhaps in quiet defiance of it, she maintained
an active life. She continued to listen and to learn and to enjoy her immediate
and extended families.

She had lived at Mari de Villa since 1995.

Mrs. Grant was a member of the board of the old Maternal Health Association of
Missouri, which became Planned Parenthood. She was an honorary member of the
Planned Parenthood board. She was one of the found ers of John Burroughs School
and a former trustee of the school.

She is survived by two sons, Neville Grant of Santa Fe, N.M., and Samuel B.
Grant of St. Louis; six grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren.

Burial will be private. A memorial service will be at Second Presbyterian
Church, 4501 Westminster Place, on Jan. 15 at 2 p.m.

Contributions may be made to Planned Parenthood of the St. Louis Region, 4251
Forest Park Avenue, St. Louis, Mo., 63108, or Second Presbyterian Church, 4501
Westminster Place, St. Louis, Mo. 63108.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo headshot - (Natalie Neville) Grant
 101 years old

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 716 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday

Drummond: Oscar Grant's friends' lawsuit nothing but a money grab

BYLINE: MediaNews columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion

LENGTH: 664 words


I HAVE no doubt that the friends who were with Oscar Grant III the night he was
killed went through a horrible ordeal.

The evening began with friends hanging out on New Year's Eve. It ended with
Grant, 22, lying dead on a Fruitvale train platform in Oakland. He was shot in
the back by former BART police officer Johannes Mehserle, who has been charged
with murder, while Grant's handcuffed friends helplessly looked on.

Now, five of the men have filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against BART.
They contend that they were falsely arrested and searched, and "endured hours of
being painfully handcuffed and/or mercilessly interrogated, all while mourning
the demise of their childhood friend." Oakland attorney John Burris who is
representing them, says the men are emotionally scarred from the incident and
are "continuing to suffer."

I'm sure that that's true. I feel for these young men   Jack Bryson, 21, and his
19-year-old brother Nigel Bryson; Michael Greer, 22; Carlos Reyes, 21; Fernando
"June" Anicete, 20. Their friend died a violent, unnecessary death.

But, at the same time, I see no reason why they should be entitled to a big
payday, courtesy of us taxpayers.

I can see the lawsuit filed by Grant's mother and his girlfriend. BART officers'
gross negligence clearly contributed to Grant's death. He has a young child.

But a civil suit by Grant's father who has been in prison on murder and robbery
charges since Grant was less than one month old?

Now, as is the American way, there is yet another suit by Grant's friends.

Instead of trying to cash in on Grant's death, these young men ought to be doing
some serious soul-searching. They should be asking themselves what they might
have done different to prevent it.

Grant's friend Jamil Dewar testified in court that Grant had gotten into a
scuffle on the BART train with another passenger. According to Dewar, the
problems started when someone in Grant's group called the other passenger's son
a name.

This, in turn, sparked a wrestling match on the crowded train between Grant and
the other passenger.

Grant's friends claim the altercation only lasted for a few minutes. But it was
clearly serious enough for train personnel to radio ahead for help from BART
police.

Mehserle was one of the officers dispatched to the Fruitvale station in response
to the fight between Grant and the other passenger.

As I have written in this column a number of times, there is no justification
whatsoever for Mehserle shooting Grant, an unarmed man, in the back. I am highly
skeptical of Mehserle's defense: that it was all a tragic accident and that
Mehserle meant to Taser Grant rather than shoot him with his service revolver.

Whether or not Mehserle is guilty of murder will be up to a jury to decide.

I'm not talking right now about what happened on that train platform. I'm
talking about how we got to that train platform in the first place.

I think if I were one of Grant's friends, I'd be asking myself if there wasn't
something I could have done to have altered this tragic sequence of events.

What if whomever in Grant's group shouted the nasty name at the other
passenger's son had kept his mouth shut? Is he one of the one's now suing?

What were Grant's friends doing when this scuffle was going on?

What if Grant's friends had immediately pulled his coat and gotten him to back
off?

Somehow, I don't buy that they were innocent choir boys who, as they maintain in
their lawsuit, had nothing whatsoever to do with the ruckus on the train.

This scuffle involving Grant is what set everything else into motion.

As we know from several reports, the BART officers who responded that night did
just about everything wrong that they possibly could have. It would be hard to
imagine a more inept police agency.

But, Grant's friends also need to take some responsibility for how they all got
to that train platform in the first place.

Tammerlin Drummond is a columnist for the Bay Area News Group. Reach her at
tdrummond@bayareanewsgroup.com or @Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 717 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services: Grants Analyst,
GS-1101-14 (MPP) OSERS-2015-0018

LENGTH: 1271  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Grants Analyst, GS-1101-14 (MPP)

Department:Department Of Education

Agency:Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services

Job Announcement Number:OSERS-2015-0018
SALARY RANGE:
 $105,211.00 to $136,771.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, January 22, 2015 to Thursday, February 5, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 FEW vacancies - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 This announcement is only open to current OSERS employees serving under a
career or career-conditional appointment.

More than one selection may be made from this announcement.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is located in the Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative
Services (OSERS), Rehabilitation Services Administration (RSA), Training and
Service Programs Division, Training Programs Unit. This position serves as an
authority on the discretionary grants process. Provides technical and analytical
assistance to grantees on all aspects of grants management, manages
discretionary grants within the Rehabilitation Long-Term Training program and
reviews grant budgets and performance reports utilizing the G5 system. Processes
grant award notices to effect administrative actions, new and continuation
awards. Reviews new grant applications to determine their eligibility for
funding. Reviews applications to determine their risk profile.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Only open to OSERS employees on a career or career-conditional appointment.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serves as an agency expert and authoritative consultant including technical
assistance and resource management support for a key agency program or several
complex program areas. Evaluates, recommends and facilitates implementation of
new approaches and alternatives to address current or anticipated problems.
Provides technical and analytical assistance to grantees and grant
administrators on all aspects of grant or agreement management for a large
segment of the United States or a specific geographical region. Administers the
preparation and/or review of grant or agreement documents (e.g., terms and
conditions of awards) to determine the responsibility, financial integrity and
management competence of applicants. Conducts award management oversight
activities by monitoring the use of program funds by grantees and determining
acceptability of products and the need for corrective action.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

(GS-14)
52 weeks of specialized experience that equipped the applicant with the
particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties
of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position
to be filled. This experience must be equivalent to the GS-13 level in the
Federal government. Examples of such experience include: providing expert advice
in the management, monitoring, formulation, and implementation of grants and
contracts, regulations, policies, and procedures; planning and conducting
general performance and results analysis of funded grant programs; overseeing
and coordinating budget, grant policy, grant closeouts, and excessive draw
downs; participating in or leading teams in grant program design and assessment;
conducting site visits, and monitoring of grant progress and impact; manage the
planning and executing activities of a grant competition; and collecting,
interpreting and presenting grant reports/data and determining its impact on
students.
To perform successfully the duties of this position, applicants are expected to
possess the Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs) listed below. Your answers to
the on-line experience questions will serve as responses to the KSAs.
1. Knowledge of pertinent laws, agency policy, precedent cases and procedures to
manage grants and agreements.
2. Knowledge of compliance and regulatory procedures to evaluate, analyze,
implement monitor and improve the grant process.
3. Knowledge of advanced principles, concepts, regulations and practices
governing grants management sufficient to serve as an agency authority with
respect to the regulatory and/or the operational aspects of program
requirements.
4. Skill in problem solving to identify and resolve a wide variety of difficult
and complex grant administrative issues or problems.
5. Ability to communicate, orally and in writing, in order to develop reports
and correspond with stakeholders at all levels.


APPLICANTS MUST MEET QUALIFICATIONS REQUIREMENTS BY THE CLOSING DATE OF THIS
VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT.
APPLICANTS MUST MEET TIME IN GRADE REQUIREMENTS BY THE CLOSING DATE OF THIS
VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

We will review your application and response to on-line questions to ensure you
meet the basic qualification requirements. We will further evaluate each
applicant who meets the qualification requirements based on their responses to
the on-line announcement questions. Your application will receive a numerical
score based on your responses to the on-line questions. If you do not respond to
the on-line questions, you may be rated ineligible. We will refer the best
qualified candidates to the Selecting Official of the job for further
consideration.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://jobs.mgsapps.monster.com/edu/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId=1&jnum=6
2148


OTHER INFORMATION:
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) Career Transition
Assistance Plan (CTAP)- Eligible federal employees who were in positions and who
were displaced from their positions may be eligible for selective priority over
other candidates, under the ICTAP or the CTAP. Information about these programs
may be found at the following links. In order to qualify, your application must
receive a score of 85 in comparison with the knowledge, skills and abilities
criteria. If you believe you are eligible for this special consideration, it is
critical that you read the information provided in the links below.
CTAP
ICTAP
Student Loan Default
Applicants selected for positions are subject to a background
check to verify that he or she has not defaulted on any loan funded
or guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Education. Applicants found
to be in default will be contacted to make arrangements for repayment prior to
being made an official offer of employment.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Please carefully read the information provided under the link listed below. The
section entitled "How to Apply" provides detailed instructions on faxing your
supporting documentation. All required supporting documentation MUST be received
by midnight Eastern Time on the closing date of the announcement. You are
encouraged to thoroughly review the list of supplement documents required. It is
critical to note that many documents may not pertain to you. You are only
required to submit those that apply to you.
Required Documents

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
Please click on the link "Required Documents" to review a list of the
supplemental documents needed for this vacancy.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Debbie O'Toole
Phone: 303-844-3864
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: Debra.OToole@ed.gov
Agency Information:
EDUCATION-OFFICE OF SPECIAL ED & REHAB SERVICES
400 Maryland Ave. S.W.
Attn: Human Resources Services
Washington, DC
20202
US

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 718 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                         April 30, 2000, Sunday, FINAL

Lewis knocks American out: Floors Grant with uppercut in second round

BYLINE: Tim Smith, New York Daily News

SECTION: Sports; B4

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Two Big! One Bad!

In a thunderous performance, Lennox Lewis chopped Michael Grant down to size
with a right hand that he wielded like Paul Bunyan's axe on Saturday night at
Madison Square Garden. Lewis turned Grant into a statue with a stunning right
uppercut that bordered on an illegal blow, knocking out the challenger at 2:53
of the second round. Grant was counted out flat on his back as he failed to beat
referee Arthur Mercante Jr.'s 10 count.

''It was only a matter of time,'' Lewis said. ''I was shocked. I was very
surprised when he came at me. I realized that I had superior hand speed. ''

With Grant weighing 250 pounds and Lewis weighing 247, it was the heaviest
combined heavyweight title bout ever. A victory by Grant -- who is 6- 7 -- would
have made him the tallest heavyweight champion ever. Instead he came up short in
his first championship bout and was completely outclassed by Lewis (36-1-1, 28
KO's). It was the most explosive performance of Lewis' career to date and
certainly puts to rest the question of whether he is the best heavyweight in the
game today. Lewis earned $10 million for the fight -- in which Lewis defended
his IBF and WBC titles -- while Grant (30-1- 1, 20 KO's) earned $4 million.

''I was just too anxious,'' Grant said. ''People were looking for me to bring
this thing home. I just didn't execute the things my corner was telling me or
the things I needed to do.''

Grant spent the last few minutes before he left his dressing room praying in a
circle with his corner people and his entourage. Lewis looked very cool and very
confident. The crowd of 17,324 at the Garden was electric. They had come to see
a war befitting two big men. What they saw was a walkover by Lewis.

Lennox came out swinging, and an overly aggressive Grant walked right into most
of the shots Lewis threw. Lewis sent Grant to the canvas three times in the
first round. On the first knockdown, he nailed Grant with a right to the body
and a right to the side of the head that sent the young challenger to the canvas
at 1:22.

Grant was back up at seven, but he was wobbly. The second knockdown was a
harbinger of things to come, as Lewis was holding Grant's head with his left
hand and delivered a big right that sent Grant sprawling into the ring post.
Lewis knocked Grant down late in the round with a sharp right hand. Grant was
still getting his standing-eight count when the bell rang to end the round.

''I felt good when I sat down, maybe 30 seconds, '' Grant said. ''I was ready to
go out and do what I needed to do.''

Lewis finished him off in the second round with a vicious right uppercut that
caught Grant right under the chin and sent him right down to the canvas. He
couldn't beat the count of 10 and he was out. Lewis had his left hand draped
over the back of Grant's head when he delivered the decisive blow.

''Every time I hit him, he went down, so I kept hitting him,'' Lewis said.
''Styles make fights and I don't get paid for overtime. I just come to conquer.
I brought my own two judges this time. Michael Grant has never seen a boxer like
me.''

Lewis, under court order, was forced to vacate the WBA title before he stepped
into the ring, so this was not an undisputed heavyweight championship. But Lewis
believed he was still the best heavyweight on the planet. For Grant, this was
his opportunity to show he belonged in the same solar system and put Lewis in
orbit. He couldn't do it.

Lewis, who is scheduled to fight Frans Botha on July 15 in London, can add
another title to his collection -- undisputed prophet.


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Mike Segar, Reuters / Michael Grant hits the mat in the second
round of his heavyweight fight with Lennox Lewis Saturday.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 719 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 10, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

To Magic, stability at power forward can be taken for Grant-ed

BYLINE: Mark Bradley

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 07E Mark Bradley

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: Orlando


Most numbers can't begin to measure the worth of Horace Grant, but here's a set
that do: The Orlando Magic was 20-8 this season without Shaquille O'Neal, 10-9
without Grant. "Call it strange," Grant said, but there's nothing strange about
it. On a team of shooting stars, Grant is the bedrock.

After Orlando swept Detroit in Round 1, Pistons coach Doug Collins called Grant
"the heart and soul of that team." Overhearing this description as it was read
back to Grant, Anfernee Hardaway told a reporter: "Don't believe that stuff."
But Hardaway laughs as he speaks. No Magic employee will ever dispute Grant's
value - except Grant himself.

"I'm the lesser of five options on this team," Grant said. From an offensive
standpoint, that's true. Offense is, however, only part of the game. Not quite a
star, Grant is for sure a champ. Only once since 1990 have the NBA Finals been
staged without him. He played on three titlists in Chicago and will grace
another here sometime soon. Grant is the role model for the younger Magic men,
same as Michael Jordan was for him.

From Jordan, Grant said, "I learned how to be a professional in terms of what
you do and say." After a wretched Feb. 7 loss in Detroit, during which the Magic
made but one fourth-quarter basket, Grant averred that his team lacked heart.
Orlando was a changed team thereafter, winning 14 of its last 18 road games.

"He's the consummate professional," said Magic coach Brian Hill. "No matter what
we're doing, whether it's practicing or watching videotape, he's always
working."

The Magic had never won a playoff game before Grant arrived as a free agent.
Last season it reached the Finals. There is a correlation. Asked to enumerate
his contributions, Grant ticked off these: "My work ethic . . . my no- nonsense
attitude . . . my all-out hustle."

Grant is from Sparta, a burg of maybe 5,000 between Atlanta and Augusta. "A nice
little country town," Grant calls his home. When he left to attend Clemson,
Sparta had four stoplights and no fast-food outlets. Upon visiting last summer,
Grant was delighted to find that a Hardee's had opened. So he stopped by and had
himself a meal.

He'll turn 32 on the Fourth of July, but his is one case of advancing age not
being seen as a negative. For all its skill and exuberance, the Magic required a
steadying hand. Said Hill: "He was the piece we needed." The Republican
presidential candidate recently suggested that his campaign slogan could be "Bob
Dole - Adult." That word fits Horace Grant nicely.

Not that he isn't also one of the guys. Near the end of Orlando's practice
Thursday, Grant treated his teammates to a re-enactment of a dunk in the Game 1
defeat of Atlanta. "I took off here," Grant said, pointing just inside the
free-throw line. "It was one bounce and wham."

Buying none of it, the Magic gathered around a TV to check the record. Upon
seeing, the players erupted in laughter. Where Grant had estimated he'd covered
12 feet in a single bound, the video indicated he'd gone half that distance.
"The tape lied," said Horace Grant, gravely.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                          FOCUS - 720 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, FY 2015

LENGTH: 539  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

Occupational Safety and Health Administration


Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, FY 2015

AGENCY: Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), Labor.

ACTION: Notice of availability of funds and funding opportunity
announcements (FOA) for Targeted Topic Training and Capacity Building
grants.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY : This notice announces availability of approximately $3.5
million for Susan Harwood Training Program grants. Two separate funding
opportunity announcements are available for Targeted Topic Training
grants and Capacity Building grants. Two types of grants are being
announced under each funding opportunity. Funding Opportunity Number
SHTG-FY-15-01 will cover the two types of Targeted Topic Training
grants: Targeted Topic Training and Targeted Topic Training and
Educational Materials Development grants. Funding Opportunity Number
SHTG-FY-15-02 will cover the two types of Capacity Building grants:
Capacity Building Developmental and Capacity Building Pilot grants.

DATES:  Grant applications for both Targeted Topic Training and
Capacity Building grants must be received electronically by the
Grants.gov system no later than 11:59 p.m., ET, on Tuesday, June 2,
2015.

ADDRESSES: The complete Susan Harwood Training Grant Program funding
opportunity announcements and all information needed to apply for these
funding opportunities are available at the Grants.gov Web site, http://www.
grants.gov.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Questions regarding the funding
opportunity announcements should be emailed to HarwoodGrants@dol.gov or
directed to Heather Wanderski, Program Analyst, or Jim Barnes,
Director, Office of Training Programs and Administration, at 847-759-
7700 (note this is not a toll-free number). Personnel will not be
available to answer questions after 5:00 p.m., ET. To obtain further
information on the Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, visit the OSHA
Web site at: http://www.osha.gov/dte/sharwood/index.html.
    Questions regarding Grants.gov should be emailed to
Support@grants.gov or directed to the Grants.gov Contact Center, at 1-
800-518-4726 (toll free number). The Contact Center is available 24
hours a day, 7 days a week. The Contact Center is closed on Federal
holidays.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Authority and Signature

David Michaels, Ph.D., MPH, Assistant Secretary of Labor for
Occupational Safety and Health, directed the preparation of this
notice. The authority for this notice is Section 21 of the Occupational
Safety and Health Act of 1970, (29 U.S.C. 670), Public Law 113-235, and
Secretary of Labor's Order No. 1-2012 (77 FR 3912).

Funding Opportunity Number: SHTG-FY-15-01 (Targeted Topic grants)
Funding Opportunity Number: SHTG-FY-15-02 (Capacity Building grants)

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 17.502.

Signed at Washington, DC, on April 6, 2015.
David Michaels,
Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health.
[FR Doc. 2015-08509 Filed 4-14-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 4510-26-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 721 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Abduction case suspect said he had mental health issues

BYLINE: Morgan Palmer, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words


Dec. 18--DOVER -- A Berwick, Maine, man accused of abducting his 1 1/2  year-old
son from his mother in July said Friday the incident stemmed from mental health
issues.

Jeremiah Grant, 33, was arraigned by video on the felony charge of endangering
the welfare of a child and the misdemeanor charge of taking without consent
stemming from an incident that allegedly occurred on July 16.

According to Assistant Strafford County Attorney Jennifer Chase, Grant abducted
his 18-month-old son, Malachi Grant, from his mother's home in Somersworth. The
boy's mother, Stephanie Fall, was taking a shower while Grant was with their
son, Chase said. When Fall came out of the shower, Grant, Malachi and her car
were missing.

An Amber Alert was issued for the child and Grant was arrested roughly 12 hours
later by police in Farmington, Maine.

Grant allegedly led officers on a "low-speed chase," but police were able to
stop the vehicle with the use of road spikes, which punctured the front tire.
After Grant stopped the car about a mile after the vehicle hit the road spikes,
he exited the vehicle and complied with all orders, Cote said. The baby was
unharmed.

During Grant's hearing Friday, Chase said Fall had told police he had been
"acting crazy lately," telling her the world was going to end in three months
and that he was "going to be remembered." Chase said Fall also told officers
that Grant had said he was considering "shooting up" abortion clinics. Grant
adamantly denied those statements.

Grant has been incarcerated at Franklin County Jail in Farmington, Maine, for
the last five months after pleading guilty to eluding police.

Chase requested Grant be held on $50,000 cash bail, and require Grant be
monitored by the Strafford County Community Corrections Bail Supervision Program
and wear a GPS tracking device if he posted bail. Chase also requested Grant
have no contact with his son or Fall, that the event was "traumatic" and Fall
was worried for her safety if Grant was released.

Grant stated the event was triggered by his mental health problems, and that he
had undergone three weeks of "intense" treatment at the Riverview Psychiatric
Center in Augusta, Maine, after his arrest.

"It wasn't a malicious thing," Grant told Judge Stephen Morrison. "It was a
mental health thing. I wasn't trying to kidnap my son. I just snapped."

Grant told Morrison that he had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder with
psychotic features, post traumatic stress disorder and panic disorder. He told
Morrison he had been on a mood stabilizer for the last three months and it had
"changed his life." Grant also stated Fall wanted him to be released and be
allowed supervised visits with his son.

"He wasn't doing good," Grant said of his son. "He's never been away from me. No
one seems to care about Malachi. He didn't do anything. I'm willing to jump
through hoops. He's my son, no one loves him more than me and his mother does."

Chase maintained that Fall had said she did not want Grant to be released on
bail.

Morrison ruled Grant be held on $20,000 cash bail until a bail hearing could be
held on Monday. During that time, Chase will speak with Fall regarding her
position on the no-contact orders for her and her son. A probable cause hearing
is scheduled for Grant on Jan. 4.

___ (c)2015 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151218-1FD-Abduction-case-suspect-said-he-had-mental-health-issues-1218-201512
18

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2015 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                          FOCUS - 722 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Abduction case suspect said he had mental health issues

BYLINE: Morgan Palmer, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words


Dec. 18--DOVER -- A Berwick, Maine, man accused of abducting his 1 1/2  year-old
son from his mother in July said Friday the incident stemmed from mental health
issues.

Jeremiah Grant, 33, was arraigned by video on the felony charge of endangering
the welfare of a child and the misdemeanor charge of taking without consent
stemming from an incident that allegedly occurred on July 16.

According to Assistant Strafford County Attorney Jennifer Chase, Grant abducted
his 18-month-old son, Malachi Grant, from his mother's home in Somersworth. The
boy's mother, Stephanie Fall, was taking a shower while Grant was with their
son, Chase said. When Fall came out of the shower, Grant, Malachi and her car
were missing.

An Amber Alert was issued for the child and Grant was arrested roughly 12 hours
later by police in Farmington, Maine.

Grant allegedly led officers on a "low-speed chase," but police were able to
stop the vehicle with the use of road spikes, which punctured the front tire.
After Grant stopped the car about a mile after the vehicle hit the road spikes,
he exited the vehicle and complied with all orders, Cote said. The baby was
unharmed.

During Grant's hearing Friday, Chase said Fall had told police he had been
"acting crazy lately," telling her the world was going to end in three months
and that he was "going to be remembered." Chase said Fall also told officers
that Grant had said he was considering "shooting up" abortion clinics. Grant
adamantly denied those statements.

Grant has been incarcerated at Franklin County Jail in Farmington, Maine, for
the last five months after pleading guilty to eluding police.

Chase requested Grant be held on $50,000 cash bail, and require Grant be
monitored by the Strafford County Community Corrections Bail Supervision Program
and wear a GPS tracking device if he posted bail. Chase also requested Grant
have no contact with his son or Fall, that the event was "traumatic" and Fall
was worried for her safety if Grant was released.

Grant stated the event was triggered by his mental health problems, and that he
had undergone three weeks of "intense" treatment at the Riverview Psychiatric
Center in Augusta, Maine, after his arrest.

"It wasn't a malicious thing," Grant told Judge Stephen Morrison. "It was a
mental health thing. I wasn't trying to kidnap my son. I just snapped."

Grant told Morrison that he had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder with
psychotic features, post traumatic stress disorder and panic disorder. He told
Morrison he had been on a mood stabilizer for the last three months and it had
"changed his life." Grant also stated Fall wanted him to be released and be
allowed supervised visits with his son.

"He wasn't doing good," Grant said of his son. "He's never been away from me. No
one seems to care about Malachi. He didn't do anything. I'm willing to jump
through hoops. He's my son, no one loves him more than me and his mother does."

Chase maintained that Fall had said she did not want Grant to be released on
bail.

Morrison ruled Grant be held on $20,000 cash bail until a bail hearing could be
held on Monday. During that time, Chase will speak with Fall regarding her
position on the no-contact orders for her and her son. A probable cause hearing
is scheduled for Grant on Jan. 4.

___ (c)2015 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151218-1FD-Abduction-case-suspect-said-he-had-mental-health-issues-1218-201512
18

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2015 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                          FOCUS - 723 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2012

Big Stone arts community receives SMAHC grants

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 689  words


Southwest Minnesota Arts and Humanity Council has recently awarded four grants
totaling $8, 500 to promote the arts in Big Stone County.

Local artist, Elizabeth Rackl, was the recipient of an Individual Artist grant
for diamond etching and colorized granite mentorship.

Ortonville Public School has been awarded an Art in the Schools grant for a
Russian Kaleidoscope artist residency and community performance. This residency
is a result of a partnership between OHS, the Ortonville Public Library and
SMAHC. Clinton-Graceville-Beardsley Public School has been awarded funding for a
Prairie Fire Children's Theatre of "Jack in the Beanstalk". Both residencies are
set to take place in March and will end with evening performances.

Big Stone Arts Council was awarded an Arts Organization Development grant for
strategic planning workshops beginning in February.

"We are pleased to award these grants and congratulate the above recipients and
the communities in which these art events and projects will take place," said
SMAHC President and Big Stone County Representative, Deb Larson.

SMAHC is the designated regional arts council for 18 counties in southwestern
Minnesota. SMAHC conducts workshops and conferences for individual artists,
organizations and educators throughout the region. The SMAHC staff works to
promote art activities and assists with grant writing, career development and
organization development. Directors from each county work diligently as
liaisons, connecting local artists, art organizations, schools and communities
to available funding and support.

Since 2009, the Big Stone County arts community has had a substantial increase
in grant awards. Growing arts participation and community involvement, strong
representation by a committed county representative, and motivated individual
artists have all contributed to an influx of art dollars to this region.

In SMAHC's fiscal year 2010 (July 1st - June 30th), SMAHC awarded art grants
totaling $14, 631 for the following programs; OHS received an Arts in Education
grant for an artist residency, Big Stone Arts Council received an Arts
Organization Development grant and a Membership Challenge grant, and Doug
Holtquist received two Individual Artist grants, an Individual Artist Study
grant, and a Legacy for Individual Artist grant for his public art piece 'Farm
Family Portrait' which can be found on our bike trail.

In fiscal year 2011, the Big Stone County region was the recipient of $12, 898
in art grants. Don Sherman and Doug Holtquist were each awarded Individual
Artists grants. Big Stone Arts Council received an Arts Organization Development
grant for exhibit equipment and an Arts & Learning grant for a regional writer's
workshop. CGB received two Arts & Learning grants for dance and theater
residencies. SMAHC has also funded the Arts Meander each year through grants.

Membership donations enable SMAHC to award more grants for high quality art
events and experiences and provide more support programs to our artists and
organizations. Even with funding from McKnight Foundation, and State Legacy
Amendment and general fund appropriations, SMAHC was only able to award 68
percent of the total dollars requested last fiscal year. Your membership or
sponsorship will make a difference.

If you have any questions about SMAHC, don't hesitate to contact, Deb Larson, at
320-839-7084, call the SMAHC office on our toll free telephone number
800-622-5284, or e-mail smahc@iw.net Go to www.smahc.org for an up-to-date
calendar of arts events and opportunities in the southwest region, downloadable
grant guidelines and on-line application forms, our newsletter Voices, and links
to helpful information. SMAHC staff is always available to provide technical
assistance and information referral to artists, schools and arts organizations
in the county.

These activities are funded, in part, by the McKnight Foundation, SMAHC
membership donations, and through appropriations from the Minnesota State
Legislature with money from the State's general fund, and its arts and cultural
heritage fund that was created by vote of the people of Minnesota on Nov. 4,
2008".

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Ortonville Independent


                          FOCUS - 724 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

Humanities Council Announcees Grant Writing Workshop

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 581  words


West Virginia Humanities Council grants administrator Amy Saunders Postalwait
will conduct a grant-writing workshop on Thursday, May 15, at the Calhoun County
Historical Society Museum, 344 Main Street, Grantsville. It begins at 10:30 a.m.
and runs until 12:00 p.m. Seating is limited and registration is suggested.
Contact grants administrator Amy Postalwait at (304) 346-8500 or
postalwait@wvhu-manities.org to register.

Grant-writing workshops are conducted to better acquaint West Virginians with
the Humanities Council's grant guidelines and application process. A variety of
matching grants are offered by the Council year-round to nonprofit organizations
in West Virginia that support educational programming. The West Virginia
Humanities Council is the state affiliate of the National Endowment for the
Humanities and serves West Virginia through grants and direct programs in the
humanities.

The following grant categories will be reviewed at the workshop:

Minigrants. Humanities Council minigrants support small projects, single events,
lectures, small museum exhibits and brochures, consultation needs, and planning
for more complex projects. They are awarded four times per year for projects up
to $1,500. The next minigrant deadline is June 1, followed by October 1,
February 1, and April 1.

Major grants. This category supports public programs including, but not limited
to, lectures, school projects, panel discussions, reading/discussion series,
exhibits, reenactments, and conferences. They are awarded twice a year for
projects over $ 1,500 and up to $20,000. The deadlines for major grant
applications are September 1 and February 1.

Teacher Institute grants. West Virginia college and university professors are
invited to submit a proposal for a two-week seminar on a humanities topic suited
to the teaching needs of elementary or secondary teachers. These grants, up to
$25,000, are awarded once a year for summer teaching seminars. The deadline is
September 1. One to three teacher institute grants are awarded annually to a
college or university.

Publication grants. Only completed manuscripts sponsored by recognized academic
presses and established nonprofit presses are eligible. These grants, up to
$20,000, are awarded once a year with an application deadline of September 1.,
Media grants. Humanities Council #media grants up to $20,000 are awarded once a
year to support the planning, scripting, and production of projects intended to
produce audio or video materials. These grants also fund websites or a newspaper
series. The deadline for media grant applications is September 1.

Fellowships. Grants of $2,500 are awarded once a year. Fellowships offer West
Virginia teachers, college and university faculty, and independent scholars
support for research and writing projects. Eligible projects include, but are
not limited to, the study of interpretive archaeology; the history, theory, and
criticism of the arts; ethics; history; jurisprudence; modern and classical
languages; linguistics; literature; philosophy; comparative religion; and
philosophical and historical approaches to the social sciences. The deadline for
Fellowship applications is February 1.

For more information or to register for the workshop at the Calhoun County
Historical Society Museum, contact Amy Postalwait at (304) 346-8500 or email
postal wait@wvh-umanities.org Grant guidelines and applications are also
available on the West Virginia Humanities Council website, www.wvhumanities.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Glenville Democrat


                          FOCUS - 725 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 17, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WOMAN, 2 SONS SAFE; HUSBAND CHARGED, HELD

BYLINE: Carolyn Bower Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 654 words


Joseph Michael ''Mike'' Grant surrendered to St. Louis County police on
Wednesday and was charged with murdering his wife's boyfriend.  But no charges
were issued in what police at first believed was Grant's abduction of his wife,
Deborah Ann Grant, 31, and two of their children.  Police said they still were
trying to learn whether the three had been kidnapped or had accompanied Mike
Grant voluntarily.  The body of Percy Garcia, Deborah Grant's boyfriend, was
found Monday inside Grant's home at 126 Luxemburg Avenue in Lemay. Garcia was
shot three times about midnight Saturday.  Deborah Grant and the couple's sons,
Michael, 13, and Christopher, 9, disappeared after the shooting. County police
Sgt. Charles Quaethem said Grant had taken the three to Norfolk, Va. Police
believe the Grants lived out of their car for three days.  Lt. John McCrady said
police had got a call from Deborah Grant about 11 a.m. Wednesday.  ''She
informed us she was OK and her children were OK,'' McCrady said.  ''She said her
husband was with her and wanted to turn himself in.'' Mike Grant, 35,
surrendered to county police about 11:30 a.m. at police headquarters in Clayton.
His wife accompanied him. Police picked up the two boys from a relative in St.
Louis a short while later.  The Grants have been married for 15 years. Relatives
and police said the couple had had marital problems. Mike Grant, an unemployed
foundry worker, and Deborah Grant, a nurse's aide, had discussed a divorce,
relatives said. Deborah Grant left her husband and children about six weeks ago
and went to Texas with Garcia, 28, a nurse's aide whom she met at The Edgewater
nursing center in south St. Louis where she worked.  When she and Garcia
returned three weeks ago, she moved back into her house and resumed care of her
children.  Deborah Grant's mother, Janet Tessmer, learned about noon Wednesday
that her daughter was safe.  ''I feel really relieved,'' she said. ''I just had
this feeling she was all right.'' Tessmer went to Clayton about 3:15 p.m. to try
to see her daughter and grandsons, but police turned her away.  ''They told me
to go home and wait until my daughter calls,'' she said.  After hours of
questioning, Deborah Grant and her sons left the police station about 5:15 p.m.
and climbed into an unmarked car. Deborah Grant sipped a soft drink and declined
to talk about the case.  ''We have nothing to show she was involved in the
crime,'' said detective Mary Monteleone.  A short time later, Mike Grant was led
in handcuffs to an unmarked police car to take him to the St. Louis County Jail
in Clayton.  Grant was charged with first-degree murder and armed criminal
action. Bond has been set at $100,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO-HEADSHOT. Joseph Michael Grant Surrendered to police

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 726 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Middlesboro Daily News (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 18, 2014 Friday

Johnson addresses panel about grant applications

BYLINE: Anthony Cloud, Middlesboro Daily News, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


April 18--It was announced during a regular meeting that the Bell County School
Board would be applying for three grants. Grant writer Gina Johnson spoke to the
board about each of the three applications.

The first one was the Elementary/Secondary School Counseling grant. Johnson
explained there were more monies in the grant if the district targets
kindergarten through fifth grade elementary counselors. The grant could pay half
of the counselor fee for three of them. The district would have to pay the other
half.

Johnson said the district could also hire a school social worker, since there is
no PE and health from preschool until around third grade.

There is money set aside in the grant for Spark, which is an overall health and
well-being program. The program is recommended by the Kentucky Department of
Education, according to Johnson, and the grant will pay for it.

The grant would also pay for training for counselors and health and PE teachers.
Johnson said they are looking to request $400,000 per year. The grant runs for
three years.

The second grant the district is planning to apply for is the Brushy Fork
Institute grant, which is an $8,000 grant. Johnson said she was sure which
direction they were planning to go with this grant.

Some ideas for the grant were to work with technology people and develop a
curriculum or work with storytellers coming in for the children.

The third grant was a Success for All grant -- a $50,000 grant. The grant would
expand Success for All into the upper grades starting with fourth and fifth
grades.

Johnson also announced the district received all four of their "Read to Succeed"
grants for a total of $194,000. The district also received a small PRIDE grant.

Anthony Cloud can be reached at 606-302-9090 or on Twitter @AnthonyCloudMDN.

___ (c)2014 the Middlesboro Daily News (Middlesboro, Ky.) Visit the Middlesboro
Daily News (Middlesboro, Ky.) at www.middlesborodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140418-MH-Johnson-addresses-panel-about-grant
-applications-0418-20140418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MH


                     Copyright 2014 Middlesboro Daily News


                          FOCUS - 727 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 8, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

Raise sought; firing possible

BYLINE: BARBARA BEHRENDT

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



The firm that is writing the city's application for a federal grant will ask
City Council for a raise Monday evening. But before the meeting is over, the
city and the company could part ways.

    City Manager Merv Waldrop is recommending that the council reject a new
agreement with Clark, Roumelis & Associates that would nearly double the
company's fee if the city receives a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
later this year.

    The company agreed last year to write the grant application for free,
assuring city leaders that the city was in good position to win a federal block
grant.

    Several months later, as the grant writing process began in earnest, the
firm asked the city to hire it as the paid administrator for the $ 500,000
neighborhood revitalization grant.

    In return, the company would receive a fee of 8 percent of the total grant:
$ 40,000.

    At the time, Waldrop warned that the city should seek bids from other grant
administrators before awarding the job to Clark, Roumelis & Associates. But the
city attorney said that extra step wasn't necessary and the council agreed to
hire the firm.

     Two weeks ago, Clark, Roumelis & Associates told the city that the
neighborhood targeted to receive grant money to repair utility lines and roads
is in better shape then expected, and the grant wasn't needed.

    The council then voted to change the grant application to a different kind
of CDBG and seek federal dollars to repair houses.

    That has sparked the current debate over whether the change in the grant
application means that the city needs a new agreement with Clark, Roumelis &
Associates.

    To complicate matters further, the city's law firm has now changed its legal
opinion on whether the city needs to seek proposals from other grant
administrators before awarding the administration of the grant to anyone.

    "The contract for administration services is not acceptable as it is our
position that the administrative services contract should be bid out through
competitive negotiations act procedures," wrote attorney David Wilcox.

    "This provides no guarantee that Clark, Roumelis & Associates Inc. will, in
fact, get the administrative services contract. If they do not wish to prepare
the grant without a guarantee that they will get the contract, there are a
number of others who will."

    In a letter to the city, the grant writers have also asked for an increase
in their fee from 8 percent to 15 percent for the new grant category because of
additional work required to administer a housing grant.

    The federal guidelines allow for only an 8 percent fee by the grant
administrator in a neighborhood revitalization grant but allow a maximum of 15
percent in a housing grant, according to the city's attorney.

    Waldrop said Friday that he would prefer that the city go ahead with the
grant application which is due next week and decide
 on who should administer the grant if it is awarded later this year.

    If Clark, Roumelis & Associates pushes on the administration contract now,
Waldrop said he would advise that the city stick with the 8 percent fee rather
than the 15 percent fee which the firm is requesting.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Merv Waldrop

                            Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 728 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 30, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

District Loses Bid For HUD Grant Of $4.25 Million

BYLINE: By Marcia A. Slacum, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 629 words


The District failed to get a $4.25 million federal urban action grant it
requested because it is not as "distressed" as some of the cities that competed
for the grants, a spokesman for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development said yesterday.

HUD announced that 42 cities have received preliminary approval for a total of
$117.5 million in Urban Development Action Grants for the first quarter of 1984.

But the District, which had applied for a $4.25 million grant to assist with the
construction of a shopping center in Northeast Washington, was not on the list.

The District's proposal can be considered again when HUD evaulates proposals for
its second-quarter funding, but it was unclear whether city officials would
reapply for the second quarter.

While some cities have made a practice of applying for numerous grants for each
grant quarter, the District has applied for only 17 grants since the action
grant program began in 1978.

Critics of the District's performance, including David Cordish, the former
action grant program director, maintain that the District was not aggressive
enough in seeking the grants.

"We have a terrible record," Mayor Marion Barry has said of the city's efforts
to obtain the grants.

The District's action grant proposal would have assisted two companies, Redstone
Development Corp. of Falls Church and Savoy Construction Co. of Silver Spring,
by providing some of the start-up money for a $19 million, 191,000-square-foot
shopping center to be built on a 12-acre site near the intersection of Rhode
Island Avenue and 4th Street NE.

D.C. officials said that the project would have created 350 new jobs and an
estimated $2.3 million in tax revenue for the city.

Many factors, including the ratio of private funds to be generated and the
number of jobs created by the project, are considered in awarding the grants.
But the comparative degree of economic distress among the cities applying is a
major factor, according to Donald Dodge, deputy assistant secretary for program
management in the community planning and development office.

In determining the degree of economic distress, HUD considers a city's per
capita income growth, numbers of jobs available, and unemployment.

HUD has ranked cities eligible for the grants by their degree of distress, with
the cities at the top considered the most distressed.

The District is 249 on a list of 360 cities. Baltimore, which has been very
successful in getting action grants is ranked 56.

The city listed as the most distressed is Mayaguez, Puerto Rico.

"We simply ran out of money when we got to Washington," said Dodge. "Washington
was just too far down on the list to be funded."

The action grant program offers a total of$440 million a year to stimulate
private investment in cities that have experienced considerable economic
distress. The money is awarded to the cities, which then make loans to
developers.

Recipients of the 58 grants for the first quarter of 1984 included Baltimore
with six projects and $4.9 million in funds, Detroit with two projects and a
$5.27 million grant, San Francisco with two projects and a $3 million grant, and
Chicago with a $7.2 million grant.

Barry has said that the District, which has received only five grants since the
program began in 1978, will make a special effort to get more action grants.

Council member Charlene Drew Jarvis (D-Ward 4), chairman of the council's
Housing and Economic Development Committee, said the District should take a
close look at the types of projects other cities are proposing.

"We've got to look carefully at the cities that are competing with Washington,"
said Jarvis. "We need to look at the type of projects that they are getting
funded, to see if we can get a clue."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                          FOCUS - 729 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

IRS Told Arbitrage Rebate-Related Rules Require Changes to Diminish the Burdens

                             March 27, 1992, Friday

By Lynn Stevens Hume

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Internal Revenue Service should modify its proposed allocation and
accounting rules on grants, commingled funds, and investment contracts to ensure
they are not overly burdensome, bond market participants told agency officials
in written comments this week.

The dozen or so letters from state and local issuers, broker dealers, investment
companies, and bond lawyers were sent to the IRS as the agency prepares to hold
a hearing on the proposed rules on April 3.

The proposed rules - which tell issuers how to allocate and account for the
expenditures and investments of bond proceeds in complying with arbitrage rebate
requirements - would permit the use of reasonable, consistently applied
accounting methods. But the Government Finance Officers Association told the IRS
in a comment letter that the consistency requirement should not deter issuers
from improving their accounting systems.

The GFOA said its "greatest problem" with the proposed rules were the provisions
on grants, which it said could create a "horrendous grant accounting nightmare."
Connecticut criticized the project-specific approach of the proposed grant
rules, which it said would require the state to develop and maintain centralized
accounting systems for bond financed projects among 151 agencies.

The proposed grant rules generally treat bond proceeds used to make grants to
other governmental entities as spent only when the recipients spend the grant
money for the designated governmental purpose. However, the rules provide an
exception to this general rule and allow issuers to treat the proceeds as spent
when grants are made if: the grant is given to an entity that is not controlled
by the issuer; the recipient does not reasonably expect to use the grant for
working capital; the recipient expects to use at least 90% of the grant money
for governmental, and not private, purposes; and the grant is not part of a
scheme to avoid rebate requirements.

The GFOA said in its comments that the IRS should scrap the general rule and
replace it with one that says grant proceeds can be treated as spent when the
grant is made and the money is no longer in control of the issuer. The GFOA
complained that the exception to the general rule is "too narrow" because of the
prohibition against using grants for working capital or ongoing operating
expenses. Many state grants to local entities are unrestricted, the GFOA said,
adding, "Unrestricted grants by their very nature cannot be restricted to
capital purposes."

Maryland, however, told the IRS the proposed grant rules could be "very helpful"
if they were modified. The state said the exception to the general rule should
be expanded to allow issuers to make grants to private, nonprofit 501(c)(3)
organizations. The IRS should also clarify that issuers that fall within the
exception do not have to track the grant money for rebate purposes and do not
have to declare an official intent to reimburse with bond proceeds prior to the
recipient's expenditure of the money, the state said.

Maryland's comments asked that the rule be modified to make clear that
unanticipated repayments of grants will not adversely affect issuers trying to
meet spend-down schedules under the two-year rebate relief law. The state also
was concerned the rules currently say a grant "imposes no obligation or
condition on the grantee," and said they should be changed to clarify that a
grant can be for a program for which the issuer has regulatory authority.

Several of the issuers were concerned the proposed rules on commingled funds -
or funds that include bond and non-bond money - would only permit the recovery
of a small percentage of the administrative costs.

Fidelity Investments' Institutional Services Group Inc. and the Franklin Group
of Funds worried these proposed rules would be applied to mutual funds - which
Fidelity said would be "unworkable and contrary to established tax policy, the
1989 arbitrage regulations, and recent private letter rulings."

The GFOA criticized the mark-to-market requirement for commingled funds, saying
it would be too costly for issuers to account for unrealized gains and losses by
either limiting the average maturities of their investments to one year or by
annually marking the investments to fair market value.

While some commenters like the state of North Carolina praised the IRS for
imposing requirements on investment contracts to ensure they represent a fair
market value, others like GFOA, Prudential-Bache Capital Funding, and Fidelity
Investments Institutional Services Group Inc. criticized the requirements as
being unworkable and overly burdensome.

Many of the issuers were concerned the restrictions would apply to repurchase
agreements. "While the terms of both GIC and Repo contracts are negotiated,"
repurchase agreements are different in that they "are subject to standard terms
and conditions by the Public Securities Association, are fully collateralized
and marked-to-market on a daily basis," the GFOA letter says.

The Michigan State Housing Development Authority said it relies on the
flexibility of draws from GICs to cope with uncertainties about single family
loan demand, the timing of closings, and construction of multifamily housing
projects. The authority said it was already experiencing losses from negative
arbitrage and that these losses would grow if the restrictions were adopted.

The GFOA and First Southwest Co. said yield-burning abuses would be curbed if
Congress allowed issuers to retain some of their arbitrage earnings. The GFOA
also said non-rebate arbitrage restrictions should be eliminated.

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 942 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 730 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 13, 2009 Friday

JC Grant Co. celebrates 100-year mark: Business celebrates centennial with
ribbon cutting ceremony

BYLINE: Jonathan Jackson, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 637 words


Nov. 13--Since 1909 Milledgeville residents have been able to shop at a downtown
jewelry store and that tradition is not changing anytime soon.

The J.C. Grant Co. celebrated 100 years of business in Milledgeville Thursday
with a ribbon cutting and party marking the milestone. The downtown
Milledgeville jewelry store was filled with friends, family and well-wishers who
stopped in to celebrate the achievement with the company.

"We have our sixth generation here," Jean Graham said during the ribbon cutting,
introducing her grandson to the crowd.

Graham, her sister Carol Vance, brothers Joseph Grant and Johnny Grant III all
work with the jewelry store. Johnny Grant III (R-Milledgeville) is also a state
Senator for the 25th District that includes Milledgeville. Johnny Grant Jr. and
grandson-in-law Justin Jones work with jewelry and watch repair for the
long-standing business.

"We've had 100 years," Grant Jr. said. "I've only been here for 62 of them."

Grant said that through the years, the business has tried to give top-notch
customer service.

"We've tried to do a good job giving good service and good prices," he said.
"Service is lacking in most every business today."

Grant said one secret to his success has been that he enjoys what he is doing.

"If you like it and if it's fun, then the time flies," he said.

Grant spent many years in public service with the City of Milledgeville serving
as mayor. He said during his time he worked well and side-by-side with city
employees.

"I will never forget taking delivery of a fire truck while wearing my Bermuda
shorts," he joked. "People would find me in a lot of places they weren't
expecting me to be. I worked with city employees and enjoyed it."

Graham addressed those gathered to celebrate the business's centennial and
traced the earliest advertisement placed in the Union and Recorder to Sept. 7,
1909.

It reads: Grant Jewelry Co.

"I have come to Milledgeville and purchased the stock and fixtures of the Star
Jewelry Co., and will continue the business. In asking the people of this city
and county for their patronage, I assure them that I will carry a full and
complete line of watches, jewelry, etc., of the best makes and will deal
promptly and honestly with them.

I guarantee all repair work entrusted to me will be promptly and rightly done --
J.C. Grant."

In 1909, John Clark Grant decided his six children could be better educated in
Baldwin County, so he moved his jewelry and watch repair business from Eatonton
and set up shop. The business started in Monticello before locating in Eatonton
and eventually, Milledgeville. Grant bought the inventory of the bankrupted Star
Jewelry Co. and set up shop in downtown Milledgeville. The J.C. Grant Co.
continues to make its home in downtown Milledgeville.

One of six children of J.C. Grant, John W. Grant Sr. spent time in Moultrie and
Warner Robins as his family grew and John W. Grant Jr. became a watchmaker in
Pennsylvania before returning home to Milledgeville to work with his family in
the jewelry store.

Since then, the Grant family has remained a stalwart institution in the town of
Milledgeville. Grant, his four children and grandson-in-law, work in the store
that has expanded over the years to include gifts, home decor and a bridal
registry in addition to jewelry repair and a large selection of jewelry and
clocks.

The J.C. Grant Co. is located at 116 S. Wayne St. in downtown Milledgeville.

To see more of The Union-Recorder or to subscribe, go to
http://www.unionrecorder.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Union-Recorder,
Milledgeville, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091113-UG-JC-Grant-Co-celebrates-100-year-mark-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                                 Copyright 2009


                          FOCUS - 731 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       May 6, 2015 Wednesday 9:38 PM GMT

Family Notices G - K, Thursday May 7

SECTION: FAMILY NOTICES

LENGTH: 1335 words


GILL

GILL, BRIAN ALEXANDER - Died May 3, 2015. Deeply regretted by his brother and
sister-in-law Robin and Irene and by his nephews and nieces, Wilson, Nicholas,
Kirsten and Caroline. At peace.

GILL

GILL, BRIAN - Died May 3, 2015. Deepest sympathy to Helen, Claire, Alison and
Rosemary and their families. The McKee family. Brian will be greatly missed but
he leaves so many happy memories with us.

GORDON

GORDON, JOHN - Died May 4, 2015, peacefully, at Antrim Area Hospital, husband of
the late Margaret. A Service of Thanksgiving for his life will be held in
Roselawn Crematorium on Monday 11th May at 2.00 p.m. No flowers please.
Donations in lieu, if desired, payable to Alzheimer's Society, c/o Brown Houston
& Williamson, 2-4 Hightown Road, Glengormley, BT36 7UA. John will be sadly
missed by his friends and family.

GORE

GORE, OLIVE ELISABETH DAVISON (Née McLEAN) - Passed away May 1, 2015,
peacefully, in her daughter's home in Southampton, beloved wife of the late
Thomas Sinclair Gore and mother of Helen, Marcus, Katherine and Sinclair. Sadly
missed by her wide circle of family and friends. Service of Cremation at 4.00
p.m. on May 21st at Southampton Crematorium. Service of Thanksgiving 2.30 p.m.
on 13th June in Knockbreda Parish Church, Belfast. Donations in lieu of flowers
to Camphill Community, Clanabogan, c/o J. Lawrence & Sons (Undertakers) Ltd,. 17
St. Denys Road, Southampton, SO17 2GN.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Passed away May 4, 2015, (suddenly), formerly of Baird Close,
Carrickfergus, beloved husband of Rhonda, much-loved dad of Colin and Stuart,
devoted son of Samuel and Marie and much-loved brother of Jonathan. A Service of
Thanksgiving will take place on Saturday 9th May, 2015, at 11.00 a.m. in
Christchurch, Carrickfergus, followed by interment in Victoria Cemetery. Will be
lovingly remembered and sadly missed by his loving wife Rhonda, sons Colin and
Stuart, Colin's fiancee Lesle

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Deepest sympathy to my sister Rhonda and family. Patricia,
William and family. Forever in our thoughts.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Sadly missed by brother and sister-in-law David and Jennifer and
nieces Jenna, Chloe and Katie. The Lord is my Shepherd. xxx.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Sincere condolences to the Grant family, from Olive, Sharon and
Timothy. Worthy of everlasting remembrance.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Died May 4, 2015. Will be sadly missed by his Aunt Hester, Uncle
Alex, cousins Alexander, Sharon and families. The day Thou gavest, Lord is
ended.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Heartfelt sympathy to Colin Jnr, Lesley and family circle from
the Sloan family. Sadly missed.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Passed away May 4, 2015. Deeply regretted by Aunt Betty and
cousins Martin and Deborah and family. Peace, perfect peace.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Deepest sympathy to my sister Rhonda and family, from Catherine,
David and family.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN (GRANTO) - No time for goodbye. Always in our thoughts. Hammy and
Nadine.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Passed away May 4, 2015. The Officers, Committee and Members of
the Associated Ministers' Fellowship extend their love, sympathy and prayers to
their founder and chairman Pastor Sam, member Marie, on the sad loss of their
son, member Jonathan, brother and family circle. Ps. 34 v. 18. The Lord is close
to the broken-hearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Deeply regretted by the Anderson and Gibson family circle. The
Lord's my Shepherd.

HOWARD

HOWARD, CRAWFORD - 5th May, 2015, late of Irwin Crescent, life-time friend of
the Waid family. Service in Roselawn Crematorium on Saturday 9th May at 10.00
a.m. No flowers please. Donations in lieu may be sent, if desired, to Cancer
Research (U.K.) N.I., c/o Kirkwoods Funeral Directors, 150a Kings Road, Belfast,
BT5 7EJ. Deeply regretted.

KANE

KANE, ROBERT DAVID (ROBIN) - Died May 5, 2015, (suddenly), at his home, 213
Blackcave Gardens, Larne. A Service of Thanksgiving for his life will be held on
Firday 8th May at 11.30 a.m. in Mulhollands Funeral Home, 1 Exchange Road,
Larne, BT40 1RX, followed by a Service of Committal in Larne Cemetery. Will be
sadly missed by his loving son Christopher and family circle. Forever in my
heart.

KANE

KANE, ROBERT DAVID (ROBIN) - Died May 5, 2015. Fondly remembered by Aunt
Margaret and family circle.

KERR

KERR, ERNEST VICTOR - Died May 5, 2015, peacefully, in hospital, dearly-beloved
husband of Edith and devoted father of Carol, Gillian and Ian. A private
cremation will be held on Monday 11th May 2015, followed by a Service of
Thanksgiving at 12.00 noon in St. John's Church, Malone Road, Belfast. Family
flowers only please. Donations in lieu of flowers, if desired, to the Dec Nepal
Earthquake Appeal, c/o James Brown & Sons Funeral Directors, 535 Lisburn Road,
Belfast, BT9 7GQ, (please make cheques payable to the nominated charity). Deeply
regretted by all the family.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Deepest sympathies from Smurfs Golf Society.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME (JUNIOR) - Died May 5, 2015. Deeply regretted by Graeme,
Kirsty, Jack and Mikey . A true gentleman deeply missed by all. Condolences to
the whole family circle. Our thoughts are with you. Treasured memories. God
Bless.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - The Directors and Staff at Envision Intelligent Solutions
Ltd. deeply regret the loss of our dear friend and highly respected colleague
Graeme. We are all stunned and deeply saddened by the sudden passing of our dear
friend Graeme, he will be greatly missed. We would like to convey our deepest
sympathies to Janice and the entire family circle. Blessed are they that mourn,
for they shall be comforted. Matthew 5 v. 4.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Our deepest sympathy to Bill, Sheila, Janice and all the
family circle. From friends David, Margaret and family. Our thoughts are with
you.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Heartfelt sympathies from John, Valerie and the Cassidy
family circle.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Our deepest sympathy to Sheila, Bill and all the family. So
many wonderful memories of a lovely boy. From your neighbours and friends in
Elsmere Park.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Deepest sympathy to Billy and Sheila on the sudden death of
their son Graeme. Our thoughts are with the family. Rest in peace. George and
Sandra Bowden and family.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME (JUNIOR) - Died May 5, 2015. Sincere sympathy to Gillian,
Janice, Sheila and Bill. With love from the Hamill family circle. Taken from us
much too soon.

KIRKPATRICK

KIRKPATRICK, ROBERT - May 4, 2015. Will always be remembered by his loving
brother Gary, sister-in-law Marion, niece Molly and nephew Marc. We can't have
the old days back when we were all together but secret tears and loving thoughts
will be with us forever. Till we meet again.

KIRKPATRICK

KIRKPATRICK, ROBERT - Deeply regretted by his brother Tom, Wilma and nephew Tom.
God Bless Bob. xx.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 732 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                              May 23, 2014 Friday
                              Business Day Edition

Poor believe grants tied to party not state

BYLINE: LINDA ENSOR

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 646  words


Poor believe grants tied to party not state

Political Correspondent

CAPE TOWN - Even though the poor have an inalienable constitutional right to
social assistance, just under half of those surveyed last year by the University
of Johannesburg's Centre for Social Development in Africa (CSDA) were unsure or
did not think their grants would continue if another party came to power.

The centre's director, Leila Patel, said the finding was & worrying& as it meant
that these voters - 49% of the respondents - were not aware of their rights.

Several political analysts have highlighted the important role played by social
grants in gaining support for the African National Congress in the run-up to the
recent general elections.

The potential for political abuse is large, given that just under 16-million
grant beneficiaries are receiving social grants amounting to R121bn this year.

Agriculture MEC in KwaZulu-Natal, Meshack Radebe, for example, said in April
that & those who receive grants and are voting for the opposition are stealing
from government& He said that those who voted for another party should & stay
away from the grant& as if social grants were gifts from the ruling party. In
fact, these grants are funded by taxes in order for the government to meet its
constitutional obligation to provide social protection.

Prof Patel stressed the need for more civic education to inform voters that
their constitutional rights could not be taken away.

Supporters of opposition parties were more aware that grants would continue if
another political party came to power.

The CSDA surveyed the voting behaviour of 1,204 voters in two poor urban wards
in Johannesburg (Riverlea, and Doornkop in Soweto) and in rural Groblersdal in
Limpopo. Of these, 38% were grant beneficiaries and 62% were nonbeneficiaries, a
close reflection of the national distribution of grant beneficiaries.

& The aim was to find out what factors influence how poor people vote. Because a
significant proportion of voters are grant beneficiaries, we wanted to know
whether receiving a grant influences voting behaviour. Little is known about how
social grants impact on voters' electoral choices,& Prof Patel said.

However, the results were not definitive. While a significant number of
respondents expressed concern in response to a direct question about whether
they believed they would lose their grants if another political party took
power, the overall finding of the survey, derived from a variety of different
questions, contradicted this as it found social grants did not have a major
effect on the way people voted. The answers of grant beneficiaries were not
significantly different from those of nonbeneficiaries.

On the question of whether people would vote for a party that provided grants
for households like theirs, grant beneficiaries were slightly more likely to
agree with this statement (9%), but the difference was not statistically
significant, Prof Patel said.

Political scientists had tried to explain voter behaviour in various ways, she
said, with some arguing that voters in SA tended to vote largely along race,
class and ethnic lines, and others arguing that they did so on the basis of a
comparative evaluation of the policies and performance of the different
political parties. Yet others suggested that they voted for the party they
identified with, trusted and felt loyal towards.

& A further explanation often given for voting preferences in Africa is that
voters are influenced by politicians' promises of privileges or favours in
return for support at the polls,& Prof Patel said. Such & vote-buying& behaviour
included the distribution of food parcels. The survey found that 70% of voters
believed the handing out of food parcels before an election was like vote
buying.

ensorl@bdfm.co.za

Leila Patel stresses the need for more civic education to inform voters about
their rights.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 733 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                 NORTH EDITION

NARRAGANSETT REGIONAL HIGH SCHOOL AWARDS, SCHOLARSHIPS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: TEMPLETON


The following scholarships and awards were given to the Narragansett Regional
High School class of 2007.

Aaron Aker: University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth Scholarship, John and
Abigail Adams Scholarship, federal and state grants;

Patrick Ashline: University of Massachusetts at Amherst Grant, Board of Higher
Education Grant, John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, federal and state grants;

Jacob Auger: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Molly Cameron: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Lauren Cormier: Fitchburg State College Scholarship;

Amilyn DeCarteret: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Allison Dinsmore: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Sarah Durfee: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Catherine Fisher: Plymouth State Presidential Scholarship; John and Abigail
Adams Scholarship, Plymouth State University Grant, federal and state grants;

Daniel Flynn: Wesleyan University Scholarship, Wesleyan Matriculation Grant,
John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Donna Hagan: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Timothy Hamel: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Laura Hoag: Mount Wachusett Community College Presidential Scholarship;

Abby Huhtala: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Northeastern University
Excellence Scholarship;

Alli Huhtala: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Lasell College Presidential
Scholarship;

Kathleen LaBonte: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Endicott College Heath and
Science Scholarship;

Vanessa Lashua: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Sarah Leblanc: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, University of Massachusetts
at Dartmouth Scholarship, federal and state grants;

Shauna MacFee: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Lisa May: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, state and federal grants;

Craig Miller: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, federal and state grants;

Stephanie Murray: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Becker College Grant,
Becker College President's Grant, federal and state grants;

Meghan Person: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Commonwealth College
Recognition Award, University of Massachusetts at Amherst Grant, federal and
state grants;

Eric Ramos: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Benjamin Reppucci: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Clarkson University
Scholarship;

Shannon Saadeh: University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth Scholarship, University
of Massachusetts at Dartmouth Tuition Waiver; federal and state grants;

Sarah Sheridan: Worcester State College Grant;

Stacy Smith: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship;

Derek St. Pierre: Lyndon State College Endowment Grant, Marty Wood Scholarship,
Lyndon State College Merit and Leadership Grants;

Jarrett Stone: Mount Wachusett Community College Presidential Scholarship;

Autumn Szewczyk: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Ace 5 Scholarship at
Bridgewater College in Virginia, federal and state grants;

Daniel Voutila: Mount Wachusett Community College Presidential Scholarship;

Lena Webb: John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Bridgewater State College Grant,
Rose Scholarship.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 734 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            January 12, 2007 Friday
                          First with the news Edition

2007 QTAC OFFERS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 6076  words


2007 QTAC OFFERS


32 PAGE LIFTOUT

PAGES 45 TO 76

From P60

Grant Karenne Louise 115412; Grant K.A. 830232; Grant Kelly Lee 226112; Grant
Kristy Louise 013401; Grant M.L. 753001; Grant M.R. 717001; Grant M.E. 425722;
Grant M.J. 714001; Grant M.K. 532772; Grant N.B. 409102; Grant N.D. 707001;
Grant N.J. 236112; Grant Rebecca 517428; Grant Rosemary 409372; Grant Russell
James 231712; Grant R.M. 851345; Grant S.K. 225312; Grant S.R. 225312; Grant
S.E. 404202; Grant T.C. 424155; Grant Z.P. 311041; Grant-Saunders C. 717001;
Grant-Vicig J.L. 417601; Grantham I.L. 555902; Grantham L.M. 526472; Granville
J.K. 554302; Graso A. 707001; Grassel L.E. 909441; Grassi C.D. 316061; Grassi
K.L. 326061; Grassick M.J. 904011; Grassick R.E. 905219; Grasso C.R. 313111;
Grasso N.S. 223112; Grasso T.S. 506682; Grattan C.A. 731001; Gratton S.J.
017021; Gravener S.B. 312081; Graves A.T. 758001; Graves L.D. 707001; Graves
T.L. 461192; Graveson E.C. 718001; Gravolin K.M. 555834; Gray A.S. 231961; Gray
Alecia Erin 850595; Gray A.D. 316139; Gray Amy Elizabeth (4031) 421192; Gray Amy
Elizabeth (4109) 790509; Gray A.L. 316031; Gray A.F. 226112; Gray B. 234612;
Gray B.M. 424205; Gray C.J. 413021; Gray C.R. 780169; Gray C.L. 222941; Gray
D.T. 231942; Gray D. 419832; Gray D.J. 707001; Gray D.A. 526264; Gray E.P.
017001; Gray E.J. 429152; Gray G.C. 707001; Gray H.J. 850425; Gray Jackson Ross
224112; Gray Jackson Roy 232312; Gray J.E. 233112; Gray J. 850421; Gray J.A.
535352; Gray J.B. 311081; Gray K.E. 013141; Gray K.L. 232112; Gray K.G. 526252;
Gray L.J. 732101; Gray L.D. 016601; Gray L.C. 731001; Gray L.A. 440071; Gray
L.E. 316071; Gray Maddison 840421; Gray Matthew 419552; Gray M.N. 233832; Gray
M.A. 232212; Gray Mitchell James 757001; Gray M.H. 113412; Gray Morgan 232312;
Gray P. 850385; Gray R.E. 231792; Gray Rebecca Jane 780169; Gray Rebecca Janelle
419222; Gray R.S. 909469; Gray S.T. 412512; Gray Shannyn Maree 810131; Gray
Stacey Alana 233112; Gray S.L. 222931; Gray Stephen Andrew 241302; Gray T.V.
907332; Gray Z.K. 011181; Gray-Spence J.E. 326021; Graydon E. 232112; Graydon
L.J. 412502; Grayson C.F. 731001; Grayson J.A. 417601; Grayson K.N. 223152;
Grayson L.E. 718001; Grayson S.K. 419222; Grayson Z. 013141; Grdovic T. 011071;
Grealish M.K. 840302; Grealy M.S. 412382; Grealy S.S. 113412; Greaney J. 701002;
Greaney M.L. 737001; Greaney M.J. 012001; Greasley R.M. 707001; Greatorex S.J.
727002; Greaves A.J. 707001; Greaves C.E. 757001; Grebert B. 231971; Grech A.
555608; Greco T.A. 542632; Greder V.C. 404162; Gredig M.J. 425231; Greelish E.S.
231111; Green A.S. 061602; Green Abby Judith 055011; Green Aidan Louis 526452;
Green Aleana Wendy 703041; Green Alexander Michael 412502; Green A.O. 225112;
Green A.K. 225112; Green Alison 312081; Green A.T. 233412; Green Amber Jade
412362; Green Andrew Logan 555674; Green Andrew William 412502; Green A.V.
424201; Green Ashleigh Marie 226512; Green Benjamin Andrew 707001; Green Beth
Alicia 413021; Green B.M. 013401; Green C.E. 707001; Green Camilla Marjorie
326271; Green C.A. 425231; Green C.G. 011151; Green C.S. 728002; Green C.L.
871252; Green D.C.


850421; Green Douglas 850331; Green Dylan 222911; Green E.R. 413021; Green G.M.
418011; Green H.J. 316121; Green I.S. 707001; Green I.H. 429172; Green J.E.
734001; Green J.V. 424201; Green J.L. 506682; Green J.R. 222941; Green J.W.
555834; Green Jenna Ashleigh 412372; Green Jodie 231942; Green Jordan Alan
850302; Green Julie-Anne 443671; Green Kalo Mele 421342; Green Kate Louise
409172; Green Katherine Louise 418311; Green Katie Louise 425231; Green Katrina
Lee 429152; Green K.P. 404492; Green Kiara Maree 413021; Green Kirsty Alexandra
731001; Green Kristie Anne 555652; Green L.P. 322131; Green L.J. 830232; Green
L.D. 724002; Green L.R. 425231; Green Mark Joseph 553742; Green M.D. 231732;
Green M.B. 555028; Green M.E. 232212; Green Mikhaila Kirsten 017021; Green
Mitchell Robert 013051; Green N.A. 717001; Green N.J. 413021; Green P.L. 417902;
Green P.M. 535772; Green S. 412512; Green S.A. 429172; Green Sarah Maree 225312;
Green S.E. 517034; Green S.R. 727002; Green S.J. 728002; Green S.T. 223322;
Green Tabitha Ann 231961; Green Thomas Andrew 404492; Green V.T. 221122; Green
W.J. 031301; Greenaway A. 526912; Greenaway D.J. 223322; Greenbank A.R. 741001;
Greenbank S.A. 425222; Greenbury B.L. 554302; Greenbury T.J. 717006, 314021;
Greene D.S. 850355; Greene E.S. 232312; Greene E.L. 404162; Greene M. 731001;
Greene N.B. 404202; Greene W.A. 233112; Greener Z.C. 425231; Greenfield K.L.
413021; Greenfield R.I. 412532; Greenhalgh C.E. 711001; Greenhalgh S.L. 840161;
Greenhill A.G. 904011; Greenhill G. 707001; Greenhorn J.L. 418401; Greenland
C.W. 425422; Greenland K.A. 421912; Greenland M.C. 554022; Greenland W.A.
412372; Greenlees G. 526302; Greensill F.M. 425302; Greensill K.J. 850531;
Greensill N.L. 115412; Greenslade M.N. 233712; Greenslade R.T. 906331;
Greenstreet S.A. 421192; Greentree J. 409112; Greentree L.D. 429132; Greenup
E.J. 233112; Greenup M.T. 555828; Greenup R.C. 705101; Greenway R.M. 555304;
Greenwell C.M. 419212; Greenwood A.C. 418011; Greenwood E.J. 263112; Greenwood
J.H. 904015; Greenwood K.P. 707001; Greenwood M.J. 404206, 928171; Greenwood
M.G. 908171; Greenwood N.M. 418201; Greenwood R.J. 542552; Greenwood S. 425422;
Greer B.A. 425422; Greer R.A. 840421; Gregg A.E. 711006, 231961; Gregg D.W.
707001; Gregg J.L. 717001; Gregg J.R. 227302; Gregg V.L. 718001; Gregor I.
228612; Gregori J.F. 231632; Gregori P.C. 016601; Gregory A.R. 311121; Gregory
A.P. 850432; Gregory B.A. 707001; Gregory C.L. 233312; Gregory Caroline 231942;
Gregory D.W. 409012; Gregory E. 404162; Gregory E.K. 464212; Gregory E.A.
311061; Gregory J.L. 413021; Gregory K. 317051; Gregory K.J. 225112; Gregory
L.A. 464212; Gregory M.I. 314061; Gregory M.M. 908171; Gregory N.P. 112316;
Gregory R.K. 707001; Gregory S.A. 425231; Gregory T.E. 311061; Grehan L.C.
404402; Greig B.J. 714006, 707001; Greig C.E. 790509; Greig S.M. 928171; Greig
S.E. 115412; Grein T.M. 061012; Greiner A.M. 777001; Greinke J.A. 737001; Greive
M.B. 031501; Grennan A.D. 262921; Gresham E.J. 404162; Grevett C.J. 419552;
Grevis-James A.F. 316011; Grew S.J. 443671; Grewal J.

S. 743002; Grewar A.T. 731001; Grewar L.J. 311121; Grey M. 425231; Gribbin S.B.
419222; Grice K.J. 231111; Grice R.T. 707001; Grice S.L. 012041; Grice S.M.
416801; Grice S.J. 555692; Grice T.J. 555948; Grieger S.R. 727002; Grier D.B.
440011; Grier M.E. 753001; Grierson C.R. 850302; Grierson G.K. 234112; Grierson
J. 707001; Griese C.B. 850555; Grieshaber D. 840561; Grieve M.R. 011181; Griffey
M.L. 314021; Griffin A.K. 707001; Griffin A.L. 709001; Griffin C.R. 813141;
Griffin C.M. 724002; Griffin C.A. 232312; Griffin E.R. 555352; Griffin J.
222951; Griffin J.J. 412502; Griffin K.A. 233112; Griffin K.O. 234212; Griffin
L.M. 707001; Griffin M.M. 424105; Griffin M.T. 417605; Griffin M.W. 412532;
Griffin N.E. 311031; Griffin P.G. 413021; Griffin S.D. 233842; Griffin T.M.
850591; Griffin T.S. 421052; Griffin T.A. 412322; Griffin V.K. 222931; Griffin
W.P. 419222; Griffin-Breen C.M. 417601; Griffin-Taylor D.L. 232312; Griffis J.M.
404162; Griffith B. 222931; Griffith D.J. 666972; Griffith J.K. 707001; Griffith
T.A. 850385; Griffith T. 424205; Griffiths A.V. 916392; Griffiths G.K. 313311;
Griffiths Jaclyn Margaret 461192; Griffiths J. 233832; Griffiths J.A. 718001;
Griffiths Jenna Maree 404402; Griffiths Jenna Marene 461192; Griffiths K.E.
404202; Griffiths K.L. 222911; Griffiths Lauren 223112; Griffiths Lisa 424105;
Griffiths M.L. 850421; Griffiths M.A. 404382; Griffiths R.T. 419532; Griffiths
Samantha Jane 241282; Griffiths Samuel 907355; Griffiths Samuel Jordan 228242;
Griffiths S.E. 555692; Griffiths Sara-Jane 234702; Griffiths S.A. 757001;
Griffiths S.M. 231732; Griffiths T.F. 223112; Griffiths X.J. 707001; Griffo B.J.
424105; Grigg D. 555824; Grigg M.A. 417301; Grigg N.S. 555824; Grigoras G.C.
222911; Grigoras S.A. 261112; Grijmans G.J. 707001; Grilanc A. 924611; Grills
Z.L. 429172; Grim C.M. 731001; Grima N.K. 313051; Grimbas T.N. 777001;
Grimbergen L.J. 013401; Grimes A.E. 228212; Grimes C.A. 425442; Grimes L.M.
228612; Grimes L.C. 417301; Grimes T.J. 850302; Grimley A.R. 555132; Grimley
J.A. 555652; Grimley R. 231111; Grimm L.J. 424405; Grimmett R.R. 555584;
Grimmond D.E. 554022; Grimmond J.D. 555902; Grimmond T.F. 016601; Grimsey D.J.
850312; Grimshaw K.T. 718001; Grimshaw O. 425332; Grimshaw R.G. 226512; Grimshaw
S.C. 443671; Grimson J.L. 707001; Grimson M.X. 753001; Grimston J.L. 326061;
Grimwade E.J. 425592; Grimwade L.K. 413021; Grimwood R. 908171; Grinsell A.J.
727002; Grinter J.R. 321091; Grisanti J.A. 526142; Grisanti M.S. 236112;
Grisbrook A.A. 233322; Grisbrook B.G. 223322; Grisold J. 717001; Grist J.T.
241212; Grivins D.C. 052781; Grixti K.R. 424101; Grixti V. 421302; Groat B.R.
582332; Groat C.M. 745009; Grob M.K. 231942; Grobbler C.A. 536942; Groch L.J.
424201; Groen N.A. 413021; Groenestyn M. 425422; Groeneveld A.W. 717001;
Groening A.J. 234942; Groff H.K. 236112; Grogan K. 232112; Grogan T.M. 404202;
Grohn N.J. 555714; Groocock T.L. 850165; Groom F.M. 011071; Groom H.M. 412382;
Groom K.R. 404202; Groom N. 222911; Groom R.A. 424405; Gros-Dubois A.A. 709001;
Gros-Dubois J.F. 733001; Grose V.L.

736002; Grosser A.L. 731006, 233412; Grossman E.L. 223112; Grosvenor A.C.
777001; Grosvenor C.J. 908171; Groszek D.A. 707001; Groth B.L. 409322; Groth J.
228112; Groth M.D. 429132; Groth R.L. 811252; Grotherr A.B. 907905; Grotherr
C.F. 718001; Grotherr M.R. 234812; Grounds E.D. 743002; Groundwater K.J. 016401;
Grove C.I. 231612; Grove J.P. 321411; Grove M.S. 412382; Grove M.K. 517034;
Groves B.W. 417305; Groves B.C. 790509; Groves C.A. 904039; Groves H.B. 231632;
Groves H. 906392; Groves L.R. 707001; Groves L.L. 850531; Groves L.E. 850421;
Groves N.L. 413021; Groves P.M. 853141; Groves Sarah Lucy 311031; Groves Shannan
Lee 012111; Groves T.A. 555824; Grubb C.E. 409182; Grubb J.P. 757001; Grubb K.M.
424401; Grube L.C. 313211; Gruber P.J. 425332; Grubner T.P. 011171; Gruchy E.R.
731001; Gruell R. 412322; Gruevski A. 536942; Grujic L.C. 412502; Grummitt J.V.
412052; Grummitt S.D. 443671; Grundy J.E. 904011; Grundy K.L. 224512; Grundy
M.J. 726002; Grunert M.C. 231792; Grunwald D.F. 323319; Gruss C. 228652;
Gryffydd L.D. 421192; Grzesiak H.M. 737001; Gschiessl T.B. 232911; Gschwind A.E.
707001; Guanzon A. 222951; Guardala M.A. 404492; Guarracino B. 231951; Gudgeon
J.A. 717001; Gudmann A. 417605; Gudmundsson A. 231951; Gudzinski J.L. 724002;
Guehrer M.K. 413021; Guelen R.E. 419512; Guerin A.J. 416801; Guerreiro K.S.
222911; Guerrero D.A. 225312; Guerrero M.R. 429132; Guest C.I. 061232; Guest
J.S. 425231; Guest K.J. 871252; Guest L. 412502; Guest R.J. 226521; Guest R.
412502; Guevara G. 424205; Guevara-Koulis A.J. 424201; Guffin K.L. 757001;
Guglielmi N.E. 232112; Gui J. 316151; Guidi S. 424201; Guilar J.L. 707006;
Guilfoyle A.B. 747001; Guilfoyle C.M. 421222; Guilfoyle J.B. 526452; Guinan E.J.
409102; Guinane A.M. 850302; Guinea E.L. 418201; Guirguis S. 316151; Guivarra
J.M. 840421; Gujas M. 226112; Guljas A. 555824; Gulla L.M. 013401; Gulla P.M.
316271; Gullestrup L. 236112; Gullick C.R. 851345; Gulliver Annalise 232112;
Gulliver Asher 263112; Gulliver K.M. 312081; Gullotta D.N. 112516, 061052;
Gumban C.C. 421452; Gumley L.J. 231732; Gunaratne N.D. 404162; Gunasekara E.N.
731001; Gunasena S.G. 718001; Gunathilake S.U. 316071; Gunatillake R.L. 717001;
Gunawan J.A. 731001; Gunawardena S.H. 731001; Gunawardena S.K. 718001; Gunaydin
E. 221122; Gundi C. 231772; Gundru A. 233412; Gundrum S.T. 732101; Gundry A.K.
904011; Gundry J.E. 013401; Gundry M.D. 323319; Gundry T.C. 233412; Gunn A.L.
404202; Gunn D.K. 425272; Gunn J.D. 228612; Gunn J.M. 421192; Gunn M.J. 418512;
Gunn N.I. 424205; Gunn N. 233322; Gunn S.C. 013121; Gunner D.M. 223122; Gunner
K.J. 233322; Gunning A. 425332; Gunning D. 777001; Gunning E.R. 418201; Gunning
R.J. 707001; Gunningham R.C. 718006, 409912; Gunnourie C.A. 717001; Gunson H.B.
233812; Gunson K.M. 790509; Gunson V.C. 231932; Gunston Andrea (4005) 445081;
Gunston Ashleigh 850591; Gunston J.W. 906349; Gunter A.L. 231772; Gunther C.L.
707001; Gunther H. 790509; Gunther K.V. 418201; Gunther L. 904011; Gunthorpe
D.J. 241282; Gunthorpe L.R. 777006, 231552; Gunton C.M. 263112; Guo Y. 853141;
Guo Z.Q.

443671; Guppy-Coles K. 732101; Gupta K. 316151; Gupta V. 656791; Gurdon A.M.
424105; Gurney C.N. 225512; Gurney L.J. 226912; Gurney M.J. 419532; Gurr J.A.
404202; Gurr N.A. 417301; Gurrapu K. 418406, 731001; Gurren J.T. 419202; Gurrin
C.T. 416102; Gursanscky R.M. 731001; Gurtner S.R. 417605; Gurton E.J. 326031;
Guse B.M. 226112; Guse S.L. 830131; Guse T.R. 412502; Gusset P.N. 241292;
Gustafson L.M. 425372; Gustafson S.L. 316049; Gustar M.J. 226112; Guterres R.
417601; Guthmann L.M. 232212; Guthrie A.N. 417301; Guthrie B.J. 223112; Guthrie
F.H. 417601; Guthrie H.E. 412372; Guthrie L.J. 443671; Guthrie M.B. 555902;
Guthrie N.L. 418182; Gutierrez J.I. 313061; Gutierrez S.W. 742101;
Gutjahr-Holland M.T. 731006, 233412; Guttridge K.A. 915011; Gutwein G.E. 232911;
Guy A.J. 055151; Guy C.S. 928171; Guy C.M. 737001; Guy D.L. 321261; Guy E.C.
738001; Guy F.T. 810451; Guy J.F. 416102; Guy M. 718001; Guy R.E. 752001; Guy
S.R. 231762; Guyder N.P. 853145; Guyer C.A. 555714; Guymer C.R. 412502; Guymer
J.T. 526112; Guymer R.M. 241302; Guymer R.E. 424401; Guyomar-Holt S.J. 013051;
Guzikowski M.T. 404202; Gwatkin M. 412342; Gwyer M.W. 263112; Gwynn-Jones S.F.
717001; Gwynne A.L. 263112; Gwynne D.J. 850565; Gwynne S.G. 231932; Gwyther D.E.
731001; Gynes K.M. 517352; Gynther S.M. 223322; Gyulay A. 033641.

H

Ha A.T. 233812; Ha J.W. 718001; Ha T.N. 555584; Haack Karen 263112; Haack
Kimberleigh 314021; Haack L.J. 728002; Haag A.B. 928171; Haapakoski T.M. 850681;
Haas M.P. 870232; Haase K.G. 850425; Haase R.E. 555692; Haase S.R. 907335;
Haasmann A.C. 316071; Haataja S. 231772; Habachi A. 228612; Habchi E. 222911;
Habchi M. 081002; Habel G.M. 424105; Habelito T. 225312; Habermann L.A. 012201;
Habgood N.A. 226132; Habineza D. 701002; Habler A.J. 916392; Habler D.J. 916392;
Hack G. 233412; Hacker A.T. 714001; Hackett A. 526022; Hackett A.H. 707001;
Hackett B.W. 321411; Hackett N.D. 737001; Hackett T.S. 737001; Hacking J.D.
316061; Hackney W.L. 014301; Hackwill J.L. 424205; Hackwood M.A. 404402;
Hackworth M.A. 554012; Hacon A.L. 413026; Hacon A. 906392; Haddad J. 227402;
Haddad S.R. 409192; Haddad Stephanie 419302; Hadde E.K. 717001; Haddon C.W.
412502; Haden C.L. 312081; Haden S.A. 312081; Hadfield J.L. 906392; Hadfield J.
011071; Hadfield S.A. 232112; Hadfield T.J. 224312; Hadi T.E. 425592; Hadobas
T.L. 711001; Hadwen K.D. 404202; Hadziahmetovic F. 707001; Hadzic F. 555792;
Hadzic M. 536638; Haegel S. 404202; Haensch L.C. 226512; Haerewa A.W. 412502;
Haerewa C.L. 262911; Haerewa E.E. 225112; Haerse K.E. 404162; Hafiz M. 316151;
Hafsteins B.J. 261412; Hagan H.E. 425231; Hage J. 536712; Hagen B. 742206,
742101; Hagen S.A. 226512; Hagenbach K.L. 011071; Hagenbach L.A. 228182;
Hagenbruch L.S. 312081; Hagens S.V. 421132; Haggerty J.D. 421012; Hagicostas E.
526772; Hague T.B. 810432; Hahipene K. 223322; Hahling K.R. 231712; Hahn Anna
221132; Hahn Astrid 312111; Hahn E. 011181; Hahn J.K. 707001; Hahn J.J. 840531;
Hahn K.A. 870242; Hahn M.M. 413021; Haidamous J.A. 555892; Haider M. 404162;
Haidley J.M. 907332; Haidley P. 906431; Haig A. 424201; Haig K.A. 777001; Haigh
D.J. 404402; Haigh James Alexander 231971; Haigh James Anthony 231111; Haigh
R.J. 417605; Haigh Shannon Lee 231951; Haileslassie A.G. 425231; Hailey C.E.
424105; Hailwood L.K. 222941; Haines C.L. 736002; Haines C. 312081; Haines J.J.
419202; Haines N. 906335; Hair C.I. 418011; Hair L.G. 425231; Hair M.B. 222111;
Hair M.R. 313111; Haji H. 224012; Hakansson C.E. 221132; Hakeai S. 542508;
Hakimian E.G. 711001; Hakimian S. 412372; Hakohako T. 412502; Hakola R. 554022;
Haldane J.C. 326031; Halder A. 725002; Hale A.N. 582332; Hale A.J. 737001; Hale
D. 734001; Hale M.L. 223112; Hale N.J. 718001; Hales A.G. 013121; Hales A.
233322; Hales B.A. 013241; Hales B.M. 226512; Hales J.B. 464212; Hales L.M.
263112; Hales R.A. 554022; Haley-Cian M.M. 851345; Halford M.J. 263911; Halford
M.M. 731001; Halili N.M. 228652; Halilovic J. 051001; Haling S.B. 232112;
Halkawidana E.A. 226132; Halkett J. 419532; Hall A.T. 112011; Hall Adam John
555792; Hall Alan Anthony 416102; Hall Alexandra Jane 727002; Hall Alison Louise
234112; Hall Amanda Anne 233322; Hall A.C. 241232; Hall Amelia Louise 928171;
Hall A.M. 440011; Hall Angela Jean 582714; Hall A.R. 724002; Hall Bradley James
780169; Hall Brendan John 717001; Hall B.K. 742201; Hall C.A. 232312; Hall C.M.
425231; Hall C. 717001; Hall C.P.

222941; Hall C.D. 419212; Hall D. 555254; Hall D.S. 412372; Hall Eliza Louise
012041; Hall E.M. 409102; Hall E. 232112; Hall E.K. 421952; Hall Emily Louise
421672; Hall Emma Louise 223152; Hall F. 232112; Hall F.C. 440061; Hall G.O.
732101; Hall Gemma Maree 532162; Hall G.C. 421452; Hall Georgina Mary 404202;
Hall H.R. 222941; Hall J.M. 013001; Hall Jay Lisa 412342; Hall J.W. 511714; Hall
J. 241232; Hall Jenna Lee 924011; Hall Jera-Lea Ann 263911; Hall Jesse Lee James
412502; Hall Jessica Lee 734001; Hall Jocelyn Kate 412312; Hall Joel Anthony
746009; Hall John Alan 231782; Hall Jon James 419222; Hall Jonathan Arthur
717001; Hall Katherine 221132; Hall K.J. 231111; Hall K.R. 231912; Hall K.W.
317012; Hall Kelly-Ann 404162; Hall K.L. 011041; Hall L.J. 013341; Hall M.R.
734001; Hall M. 536942; Hall M.T. 012011; Hall M.G. 757001; Hall M.C. 425332;
Hall Nagaela 227302; Hall N.J. 418512; Hall N.B. 554302; Hall Nicole (4870)
227182; Hall Nicole (4223) 526022; Hall O. 311401; Hall P.M. 736002; Hall P.
263112; Hall Rachael Ann 555132; Hall R.E. 413026, 536732; Hall Robert Alexander
313061; Hall S.A. 425231; Hall Samantha Louise 227402; Hall S.T. 236112; Hall
S.J. 413021; Hall S.P. 409112; Hall S.W. 421222; Hall Selina Lee 503772; Hall
Stephanie Catherine 728002; Hall Stevie Leanne 429162; Hall S. 412372; Hall S.E.
425231; Hall T.L. 731001; Hall T.A. 707001; Hall T.J. 316111; Hall T. 013041;
Hall Myers E.E. 016601; Hallam G.M. 241212; Hallam K.S. 011031; Hallam W.J.
517778; Hallas M.A. 418011; Hallett A.L. 568012; Hallett D.B. 553138; Hallgath
V.R. 707001; Halliday A. 421222; Halliday O.H. 226112; Halliday S.M. 316139;
Hallinan K. 728002; Halling M.M. 709001; Halliwell T.A. 767209; Hallmond A.J.
553722; Halloran A.L. 460011; Halloran A. 263112; Halloran J. 707001; Halls C.P.
233412; Halls V.T. 231772; Halpin A.L. 311061; Halpin B.C. 830302; Halpin C.E.
113412; Halpin J.E. 741001; Halpin N.A. 440011; Halsall C.L. 241232; Halsey A.M.
555652; Halsey C.M. 012011; Halstad K.J. 012091; Halvorsen A.E. 233112; Ham D.C.
404492; Ham J.A. 736006; Ham J.R. 324051; Ham K.M. 810531; Hamar E.A. 409182;
Hambleton E.M. 232212; Hambley C. 231932; Hamblin B. 011071; Hamblin S.R.
743002; Hambly A.M. 780169; Hameed A.M. 712002; Hamer K.R. 717001; Hamer K.F.
701002; Hamer L.P. 555692; Hamer S.M. 731001; Hamer S.J. 425422; Hamer T.
731001; Hamers J. 234212; Hamill B.L. 228212; Hamill J.M. 228262; Hamill R.A.
404382; Hamilton A.N. 421192; Hamilton A.L. 234112; Hamilton B.P. 904039;
Hamilton C. 232312; Hamilton C.L. 707001; Hamilton C.E. 404202; Hamilton C.J.
555132; Hamilton E. 425272; Hamilton E.L. 222911; Hamilton G.C. 752001; Hamilton
G.R. 906331; Hamilton H.E. 424201; Hamilton Jami-Leigh Sara 228182; Hamilton
Jessica 263712; Hamilton J.E. 736002; Hamilton J.L. 542552; Hamilton Jessica
Susan 542294; Hamilton Joel Alexander 013141; Hamilton John Alexander 225512;
Hamilton Joshua 908171; Hamilton K.A. 231912; Hamilton K.F. 413021; Hamilton
L.N. 810242; Hamilton L.D. 326191; Hamilton L.J. 905011; Hamilton M.E.

840421; Hamilton Matthew James 012201; Hamilton Matthew John 412362; Hamilton
M.M. 636762; Hamilton M.I. 412512; Hamilton Michael James 853141; Hamilton
Michael Lee 311031; Hamilton M.A. 728002; Hamilton N.L. 443671; Hamilton P.B.
440011; Hamilton R.R. 906392; Hamilton S.M. 226512; Hamilton Sarah Louise
311081; Hamilton Simon Luke 228112; Hamilton S.A. 112011; Hamilton Stephanie
753001; Hamilton Sylvia 850252; Hamilton T.L. 757001; Hamilton T. 233412;
Hamilton T.A. 425231; Hamilton Z.L. 810451; Hamilton-Smith J.M. 718001; Hamlin
H.M. 536562; Hammel K.F. 413021; Hammersmith S.K. 233312; Hammett A.J. 555714;
Hammett J.E. 412362; Hammill N.J. 011161; Hammill S. 234212; Hammond A. 416801;
Hammond A.D. 055011; Hammond B. 505012; Hammond C.M. 228612; Hammond C.V.
241232; Hammond E.K. 707001; Hammond I. 013401; Hammond J. 225112; Hammond J.C.
409182; Hammond Jessica Jeanine 011131; Hammond J.L. 412372; Hammond L.A.
241292; Hammond M.A. 707001; Hammond S.L. 850242; Hamoud D.T. 418201; Hampel
L.R. 753001; Hampson B.M. 412362; Hampson K.L. 031641; Hampson T. 017001;
Hampton A.W. 316111; Hampton B.S. 311081; Hampton M.J. 554062; Hamrosi N.H.
718001; Hamson T.L. 223132; Hamwood E.J. 707001; Hamwood T.E. 851345; Han C.D.
725002; Han M.A. 418201; Han N.L. 417601; Han R.R. 231782; Hanby R. 780169;
Hanckel-Spice N.K. 421132; Hancock B.M. 443671; Hancock C.M. 440011; Hancock
D.R. 732101; Hancock E.J. 316101; Hancock G.M. 231111; Hancock J. 232911;
Hancock K. 582714; Hancock K.M. 014301; Hancock M. 717001; Hancock N.T. 850242;
Hancock N.E. 440071; Hancock R.A. 850435; Hancock R.J. 412502; Hancock S.J.
429132; Hancock T.L. 418201; Hancock T.J. 241292; Hancock Z.J. 753001; Hand C.
555132; Hand K.E. 526912; Hand L.A. 728002; Hand S.H. 736002; Handcock A.J.
616771; Handford A.M. 728002; Handford J.D. 412502; Handford T. 707006, 231922;
Handford W.R. 907055; Handley E.A. 409172; Handley K.M. 418201; Handley L.A.
429172; Handley M.M. 707001; Handley N.M. 850435; Handley T.A. 404492; Handley
T.M. 714001; Hands M. 707001; Handyside C.J. 223112; Handyside S.A. 751201;
Hanekroot J.M. 225112; Haneveld B.L. 425231; Hanggi S.L. 850611; Hanhiniemi D.L.
717001; Hanify T.N. 241292; Hanigan L.E. 326191; Hanigan P.J. 083002; Hanisch
M.D. 011091; Hankin M.I. 413021; Hankins N.N. 418201; Hankinson K.E. 236112;
Hankinson K. 263911; Hanks C.J. 404492; Hanley A.R. 223112; Hanley A. 737001;
Hanley B.A. 231961; Hanley Madeline Jane 223112; Hanley M.A. 233712; Hanley
Mitchell Joel 568742; Hanley R.C. 707001; Hanley Wendy Maree 326061; Hanley
Wendy Margaret 850611; Hanlon A.E. 465232; Hanlon A.L. 424101; Hanlon K.J.
412312; Hanlon L. 231951; Hanlon M.L. 226512; Hanlon P.W. 424155; Hanlon R.J.
718001; Hanlon S.M. 417301; Hanly C.J. 317071; Hanmer A.S. 702002; Hanna A.L.
316031; Hanna A. 712002; Hanna D. 226521; Hanna E.J. 424401; Hanna J.H. 418011;
Hanna K.D. 731001; Hanna M.J. 718001; Hanna M. 233412; Hanna N.A. 424401; Hanna
N. 424105; Hanna S. 115412; Hanna Y.F. 725002; Hannaford A. 232112; Hannaford
D.J. 526044; Hannaford-Maizey T.L. 554022; Hannah A.E.

555058; Hannah M.J. 757001; Hannam E.M. 718001; Hannam J. 707001; Hannam M.J.
417301; Hannam S.J. 707001; Hannan G.A. 752001; Hannan S.M. 707001; Hannant N.A.
440071; Hannaway F.R. 707001; Hannay C.L. 707001; Hanneford C.M. 263911;
Hannigan A.S. 717001; Hannigan L.C. 555132; Hannigan Lisa-Maree 424105; Hannon
C.J. 412312; Hannon J.C. 409182; Hanns T.H. 424105; Hanrahan A.A. 409182;
Hanrahan C.E. 425422; Hanrahan S.E. 316101; Hanrahan T.P. 731001; Hanratty A.J.
311061; Hanrick J.H. 417601; Hanrick K.M. 709001; Hansel J. 013411; Hansen A.M.
264222; Hansen A.K. 850421; Hansen C.R. 743002; Hansen D.M. 311081; Hansen D.R.
083002; Hansen E.J. 707001; Hansen I.J. 734001; Hansen J.F. 717001; Hansen J.M.
517034; Hansen J.E. 736002; Hansen J.D. 707001; Hansen K.B. 316151; Hansen K.M.
311099; Hansen Kiersten 313211; Hansen K.L. 225312; Hansen L.K. 409872; Hansen
M.R. 311411; Hansen Melanie Alice Jane 404202; Hansen Michelle Amy 725002;
Hansen M.J. 739001; Hansen R.A. 429132; Hansen R.L. 709001; Hansen S.T. 316061;
Hansen S. 311081; Hansen S.A. 233112; Hansen T.M. 314051; Hansen T.L. 465232;
Hansen W.J. 718001; Hansford L.C. 707001; Hansford L.S. 421192; Hanshaw L.R.
526772; Hanslip P.D. 413021; Hanson A.G. 711001; Hanson B.A. 231951; Hanson E.J.
418512; Hanson E.L. 916392; Hanson G.A. 226912; Hanson K.M. 321261; Hanson R.S.
263112; Hanson T.A. 701002; Hansrajh R.A. 718006; Hansson T.J. 424401; Hanton
L.A. 908171; Hanton W.H. 409322; Happe S.J. 418192; Hapurona W.M. 316061; Haque
H.M. 731001; Har J.G. 418512; Haran J.L. 526652; Harapeet S.E. 526714; Harari
S.H. 413021; Harbeck E.L. 231632; Harber J.M. 231932; Harbison J.M. 707001;
Harbison S.E. 850465; Harbord C.B. 717001; Harbot D.L. 425302; Harbottle P.L.
115412; Harch A. 851252; Harch B.J. 907332; Harch K.A. 316031; Harch T. 412502;
Harcla M.R. 418201; Harcombe H.A. 225312; Hardaker A.C. 425592; Hardaker T.C.
717001; Harden A.J. 737001; Harden B.E. 012041; Harden D.A. 702002; Harder K.N.
413021; Harders J.D. 012091; Hardgrove D.J. 461192; Hardgrove J.I. 709001;
Hardie A.R. 731001; Hardie A.J. 707001; Hardie J.M. 532408; Hardie N.S. 404162;
Hardimon M. 317012; Harding A. 707001; Harding Ashleigh Mary 241302; Harding
B.A. 413021; Harding C.P. 083002; Harding C. 908171; Harding D.L. 222911;
Harding E.I. 737001; Harding K.C. 412322; Harding K.L. 413021; Harding P.J.
011071; Hardingham Carole Anne 323211; Hardingham Craig Andrew 011181; Hardman
J.S. 732101; Hards N.A. 013041; Hardwick A.L. 424401; Hardwick A. 711001;
Hardwick N.H. 555692; Hardwicke S.E. 263212; Hardy A. 228182; Hardy A.A. 810242;
Hardy B.J. 790509; Hardy C.M. 232112; Hardy D.M. 425592; Hardy D. 526714; Hardy
E.A. 011041; Hardy E.J. 419222; Hardy J.R. 424401; Hardy N. 221112; Hardy R.J.
424401; Hardy Sarah Kristen 311401; Hardy S.L. 316061; Hardy Stefanie Kathryn
707001; Hardy T. 926802; Hare C. 731001; Hare E.M. 728002; Hare J. 526968; Hare
L.D. 850151; Hare N.J. 582382; Hare S. 732101; Harford J.K. 412382; Harford J.B.
316101; Harford R.E. 726002; Harg T.J. 714001; Hargans E. 421952; Hargovan M.V.

731001; Hargrave A.R. 226512; Hargrave G.E. 429512; Hargrave L.E. 241292;
Hargraves A.M. 907905; Hargraves T. 231111; Hargreaves C.M. 424201; Hargreaves
D.L. 316061; Hargreaves K.A. 542892; Hargreaves P.B. 555992; Hargreaves R.J.
711001; Hargreaves T.A. 711001; Hargreaves W.M. 831252; Hargreaves Z.C. 416102;
Haria N. 233822; Hariharan B. 909601; Harikisun K.A. 081002; Harilal K. 413021;
Harisson E.R. 323311; Harkin Kristine Margaret 513772; Harkin Kristy Monique
850531; Harkiss C.C. 417601; Harkness D.A. 555948; Harkness G.S. 222951; Harland
A.J. 425231; Harland A.F. 555242; Harland M.S. 424105; Harle J.M. 404162; Harley
G.A. 725002; Harley S.M. 061402; Harley-Gray T.W. 222941; Harling E.R. 707009;
Harling M.L. 850451; Harling S.P. 753001; Harm K. 416806, 446802; Harm R.J.
313051; Harman D.J. 409102; Harman G.R. 582714; Harman S. 222911; Harman V.A.
233112; Harmon E. 232112; Harmon K.N. 916392; Harms C.T. 421192; Harms V.L.
850555; Harmsworth T.W. 850432; Harnell Y.A. 412342; Harney B. 312021; Harney
F.T. 424205; Harney G.F. 850312; Harney J.D. 417605; Harold D.H. 412502; Haroon
Shameez Darren (2800) 418512; Harper A.S. 707001; Harper B.M. 241292; Harper
C.R. 421192; Harper E.P. 421192; Harper E.J. 017001; Harper H.A. 413021; Harper
J.E. 424101; Harper Laura Dorothy 425231; Harper M.L. 918171; Harper T.K.
810531; Harper Y.N. 404202; Harper-Russell S. 707001; Harpham H.M. 417601;
Harpley A.M. 413021; Harpley K.L. 429152; Harradine A.J. 707001; Harradine N.M.
728002; Harriman L. 231951; Harriman T.E. 909295; Harrington A.M. 717001;
Harrington B.A. 412382; Harrington B.S. 731001; Harrington C.D. 717001;
Harrington Chelsea Mae 753001; Harrington Conor Michael 011061; Harrington D.S.
312081; Harrington E.A. 311431; Harrington L.D. 429172; Harrington R.A. 717001;
Harrington R.J. 731001; Harriott E. 226512; Harriott J.G. 011181; Harris Adam
John 017021; Harris Alicia Jane 424201; Harris A.M. 758001; Harris A. 112311;
Harris Arabella Jane 752001; Harris B.A. 425231; Harris Benjamin Dean 418042;
Harris Benjamin Robert (4001) 404202; Harris Brent Joseph 404402; Harris Brenton
John 840832; Harris Brett Daniel 709001; Harris C.B. 409322; Harris Carly
850421; Harris C.A. 404202; Harris C.I. 555652; Harris C.D. 228652; Harris C.S.
731001; Harris C.H. 702002; Harris C.E. 707001; Harris Courtenay Jasmine 321061;
Harris C.M. 535772; Harris Curtis 711001; Harris D.S. 555834; Harris D.A.
741001; Harris D.M. 316151; Harris D.E. 234462; Harris D.N. 321031; Harris Emma
Louise (4220) 233112; Harris Emma Louise (4870) 731001; Harris F.A. 313211;
Harris Harmarnie Lysette 226112; Harris Holly Louise 233112; Harris Jack Arthur
718001; Harris Jaclyn Anne 728102; Harris J.S. 222941; Harris J.J. 413021;
Harris James Edward 906341; Harris Jessica Alyce Millicent 440011; Harris
Jessica Ellen 418311; Harris J.L. 413021; Harris John David 526302; Harris J.O.
418042; Harris Julienne Delma 517342; Harris J.P. 226512; Harris K.R. 840161;
Harris K.J. 424101; Harris K.E. 727002; Harris Kirsty Lee 404202; Harris Kristi
Leigh 536542; Harris L.S.

425422; Harris L.J. 031641; Harris L.O. 012101; Harris L.C. 012111; Harris L.R.
234322; Harris Lynda May 520779; Harris M.S. 780169; Harris Matt Anthony 222111;
Harris Matthew 234322; Harris Matthew James 313111; Harris Melissa Anne (4350)
707001; Harris Melissa Anne (4740) 317012; Harris Melissa Jane 316139; Harris
Melissa Louise 112711; Harris M.K. 419226; Harris Michael 241212; Harris M.G.
424405; Harris Michaela Lee 226521; Harris M.D. 850155; Harris M.R. 412352;
Harris N. 417601; Harris N.D. 012001; Harris O.E. 231951; Harris P.R. 018001;
Harris P.F. 421192; Harris P.W. 906431; Harris Raphael Moko 225312; Harris R.
232112; Harris Rebecca Lynne 311031; Harris R.G. 780169; Harris Richard Lee
701002; Harris Robyn Maree 445081; Harris S.E. 742201; Harris Sarah Louise
743002; Harris S.P. 013051; Harris Steven Lincoln 731001; Harris T. 421952;
Harris T.M. 418401; Harris T.V. 013401; Harris V.G. 412312; Harrison A.J.
416801; Harrison A.M. 421192; Harrison A.B. 321091; Harrison Benjamin John
711001; Harrison Byron James 228622; Harrison Charim Adam 536622; Harrison D.J.
850835; Harrison D.W. 412352; Harrison D. 224512; Harrison E.J. 718001; Harrison
E.C. 316121; Harrison E.L. 316031; Harrison James Douglas 853141; Harrison J.K.
555252; Harrison J.E. 227142; Harrison J.G. 316271; Harrison Jessica Alyse
417301; Harrison Jessica Ashlea 418011; Harrison Jonathan David 421932; Harrison
J.J. 404402; Harrison K.J. 311261; Harrison L.K. 790509; Harrison L.W. 228142;
Harrison L.C. 412362; Harrison Luciana (2611) 707001; Harrison Matthew Robert
404202; Harrison M.A. 850135; Harrison M. 236112; Harrison M.T. 741001; Harrison
Michael Robert 413021; Harrison M.G. 234212; Harrison N.A. 870242; Harrison O.K.
425592; Harrison R. 233322; Harrison R.H. 326031; Harrison R.J. 424401; Harrison
R.T. 421952; Harrison Sabrina Shey 115412; Harrison S.J. 231111; Harrison Samuel
Stuart 536742; Harrison Scott Brenton 840302; Harrison Siobhan Bridie 707001;
Harrison T.J. 412352; Harrison T. 011031; Harrison W.B. 083002; Harriss A.L.
443671; Harriss A.M. 926802; Harriss L.P. 929651; Harrod E.J. 555652; Harrold
D.A. 919301; Harrold K.L. 418201; Harrold M.P. 013041; Harrop C.D. 870242;
Harrop M.D. 233712; Harrop W. 222951; Harrouk J. 263112; Harrower N. 326031;
Harrower S.M. 517312; Harry A.L. 112311; Harry G. 013341; Harry Nathan John
263911; Harry Nicholas John 425231; Harry S.J. 409252; Harrys L. 424101; Hart A.
232212; Hart A.L. 424401; Hart A.P. 231342; Hart B.C. 757001; Hart C.L. 404162;
Hart C.A. 731001; Hart C.R. 555948; Hart C.S. 322081; Hart E.J. 762019; Hart
E.E. 012001; Hart G.E. 232112; Hart J.F. 810242; Hart J.G. 416102; Hart J.M.
113412; Hart J.D. 429132; Hart Kane 717001; Hart K.B. 526452; Hart K.J. 841252;
Hart K.R. 505992; Hart L.A. 916392; Hart R.H. 224812; Hart R.D. 850832; Hart
Sally Jane 231111; Hart Samuel James 517034; Hart S.V. 409012; Hart S.D. 412372;
Hart T.W. 767209; Hart T.M. 316021; Hartcher L. 725002; Hartcher T.A. 701002;
Harte A.M. 013051; Harte J.L. 445081; Harth A.R. 780169; Harth D.M. 232112;
Hartig N.

928171; Hartigan Jessica 413021; Hartigan Julianne 424101; Hartigan M.L. 702002;
Hartigan T.N. 316031; Hartley C.W. 231111; Hartley E.E. 555132; Hartley L.P.
317012; Hartley P.M. 707001; Hartley R.M. 554022; Hartley R.I. 409912; Hartley
S. 226512; Hartley S.D. 506682; Hartley S.W. 424101; Hartley W.J. 717001;
Hartmann I.R. 707001; Hartmann K.L. 718001; Hartmann K.M. 555652; Hartnell E.A.
707001; Hartness A.L. 790509; Hartnett A.J. 409722; Hartojo A. 743002; Hartridge
S.V. 412372; Hartshorn B. 417301; Hartshorn L.P. 555692; Hartshorn L.B. 425302;
Hartup K.M. 780169; Hartwell R.P. 516632; Hartwell S.D. 908171; Hartwig A.
421192; Hartwig K.M. 707006; Harvey Aaron David Douglas 013041; Harvey A.J.
425592; Harvey Amy Dawn 732101; Harvey A.R. 707001; Harvey C. 421052; Harvey
C.J. 232212; Harvey C.A. 409722; Harvey C.M. 224812; Harvey C.K. 443671; Harvey
D.R. 421932; Harvey E. 413021; Harvey F.R. 424605; Harvey F.A. 751201; Harvey
Gemima Laura 232911; Harvey G.M. 535778; Harvey H.J. 517342; Harvey James David
909601; Harvey Jennifer Joy 707001; Harvey J. 417601; Harvey Jessica Joy 463021;
Harvey Jessica Maureen 233112; Harvey Joshua David 419502; Harvey Joshua
Mitchell 013011; Harvey K.M. 840421; Harvey L.M. 013041; Harvey L.A. 429132;
Harvey L.E. 263372; Harvey Logan Rory 906331; Harvey Marie-Gaye 853141; Harvey
M.W. 555028; Harvey M.J. 425592; Harvey Michelle 728002; Harvey N.A. 850615;
Harvey N.J. 232212; Harvey O.J. 054071; Harvey R.M. 707001; Harvey R.J. 424105;
Harvey S.M. 906331; Harvey Sarah Kate 321081; Harvey Stephanie Kharin 225112;
Harvey Suzanne Katherine 223112; Harvey Tara Jillian 919871; Harvey T.F. 731001;
Harvey Ross I.F. 421432; Harvie M. 440071; Harvie N.C. 707001; Harvison A.T.
705101; Harvison J.P. 777001; Harvison M. 116411; Harward K.L. 326031; Harwood
A.A. 316111; Harwood C. 053001; Harwood C.L. 526772; Harwood D. 013401; Harwood
J.A. 416102; Harwood J.L. 012091; Harwood K.E. 223112; Haryantho Toh D.E.
262911; Hasancevic E. 232112; Haseler A.C. 416106, 707009; Hasenkam C.S. 724002;
Hasham M.A. 316151; Hashimi B. 231152; Hasking M.J. 228182; Haskings J.L.
731001; Haskins C.J. 112311; Haslam A.P. 017021; Haslam I.A. 225512; Haslam K.
231971; Haslam L.A. 425252; Haslem N.D. 709001; Hasler B.A. 731001; Haslett D.E.
013341; Haslett M.J. 116411; Hassall J.A. 417601; Hassan J.A. 233822; Hassan Y.
222911; Hassan Z.B. 232112; Hassed D.L. 717001; Hasson S.R. 013041; Hassum A.L.
419712; Hastie J.P. 718001; Hastings C. 416306, 262921; Hastings H.R. 424101;
Hastings J.K. 421192; Hastings R.R. 425592; Hastings R. 316061; Hastings Z.L.
555648; Hastings-Ison L.J. 741001; Hastings-Ison M.D. 555352; Hatai A. 424401;
Hatch Christopher Patrick 412512; Hatch Christopher Paul 113412; Hatch K.J.
555948; Hatch L.V. 011041; Hatchard C.F. 226112; Hatchett E.M. 429172; Hateley
J.D. 568218; Hatfield E.S. 224312; Hatfield F.M. 424401; Hatfield M.J. 731001;
Hatfield S.W. 443671; Hathaway S.M. 424201; Hathaway T. 323319; Hatia A.F.
222911; Hatten G.L. 424205; Hatten J.A. 526472; Hatten M. 232212; Hattenfels
C.E.

425592; Hattingh B. 263712; Hattley R.A. 233822; Hatton M.J. 717001; Hatton R.C.
734001; Hatton S.L. 424605; Hatton T.R. 739001; Hattotuwa H.P. 233812; Haturini
S.P. 526452; Hatzinik B.J. 425422; Hatzinik C.N. 404162; Hatzithomas A.E.
312081; Hau A.M. 725002; Hauck L.T. 717001; Hauenschild A.G. 707001; Hauenstein
D.J. 526942; Hauff K. 013341; Hauff-Green C.M. 908171; Haug K. 753001; Haugland
K.J. 555588; Haukinima E.L. 734001; Haupt E.K. 418311; Haupt N.L. 409012; Haupt
S. 810421; Hauschildt K.L. 012121; Hauschildt S.L. 753001; Hauser J.M. 753001;
Hauser K.A. 013041; Hauser L.M. 908411; Hauser M.B. 409722; Hausler J.R. 907052;
Hausmann T.M. 429172; Hauville A. 909871; Hauw J.P. 737001; Havas K. 758001;
Havelberg T. 536502; Havenaar M.L. 234212; Havers T.J. 757001; Havill N. 072202;
Havkin A. 704001; Haw E.M. 717001; Hawa R. 725002; Hawes B.M. 413021; Hawes G.K.
326271; Hawes K.M. 417601; Hawes Z.D. 413021; Hawke A.L. 704031; Hawke D.R.
711001; Hawke K.L. 421192; Hawken A.A. 232911; Hawken M.A. 429172; Hawken N.A.
908212; Hawken S.J. 906331; Hawker A.J. 404202; Hawker J.Z. 115412; Hawker P.A.
233512; Hawkes C.L. 020411; Hawkes M.J. 743002; Hawkeswood J.L. 418011; Hawketts
J.K. 316071; Hawkins Ashley Sarah (4019) 404162; Hawkins C.M. 311031; Hawkins
D.J. 055111; Hawkins D.R. 424205; Hawkins E.J. 418201; Hawkins E.K. 418201;
Hawkins J.J. 236112; Hawkins K.L. 421452; Hawkins K.M. 707001; Hawkins K.S.
031801; Hawkins L.G. 221122;

Continued P62

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 735 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 30, 2009 Friday

Grants lessen tax burden: Ottumwa tops list in gaining grants and stimulus funds

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


Oct. 30--OTTUMWA -- City administration aggressively pursues grants and other
funding that can enhance what the city needs and take some of the burden off
local taxpayers.

City Administrator Joe Helfenberger said Thursday that Ottumwa is receiving more
federal stimulus money and grants, per capita, than any other city in Iowa. In
fact, Ottumwa is second only to Des Moines in the amount of federal stimulus
funds.

Grant funding that doesn't require a local match truly seems like magical money.
But, paying a local match, such as five percent or even 50 percent, is better
than paying full price for a project.

Where does grant money come from?

Much of it comes from tax dollars which are spent in hundreds of ways, such as
federal salaries, public schools, libraries and the military, according to
several Internet sources. A certain portion of revenues are set aside to fund a
variety of causes supporting organizations and individuals.

Philanthropic foundations also offer funds for projects.

Looking at the total of intergovernmental revenue the city received tells part
of the grant story. These totals account for federal, state and county monies
the city used: 2005/2006: $10,090,084; 2006/2007, $11,437,996; 2008/2009,
$6,183,840.

What sources supplied these funds?

In 2008/2009, for example, the city had help from the Road Use Tax fund,
$2,074,079; PILOT money, $32,435; monies and credits, $19,296; Haz-Mat
all-county area reimbursement, $122,501; Environmental Protection Agency grant
for sewer separation, $369,385; and Federal Emergency Management Agency,
$631,528 (actual monies received totaled $968,873 but a portion of that was
booked in the prior year as an accounts receivable from FEMA).

Helfenberger said the city can get a grant that lasts more than one year, but
the funds don't come in a lump sum -- one portion is for the first year and
another portion for the second year and so on.

"We've been relentless in pursuing grant funding," Helfenberger said. "With the
federal money, there's a short time frame. As soon as the federal government
announces the grant, you have to submit your grant application. We met all the
deadlines."

The city administrator also said grants have provided a lot of money and the
city has been able to get improvements made.

"We can get more bang per buck if we do a project with a grant because we can
maximize the use of property tax and user-fee money," he said.

Just because you apply for a grant doesn't mean you get it. Many grants are very
competitive.

"We didn't get the brownfields grant last year, but the company we hired offered
to apply again for us at no charge," he added.

And sometimes you have to wait a while to get a chance at a certain grant.

Helfenberger said the city "has been waiting for months" for federal legislators
to finalize the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Grant.

The federal government created the grant to provide funding directly to fire
departments and volunteer firefighter interest organizations in order to help
them increase the number of trained, "front-line" firefighters available in
their communities.

"Once [the federal government] opens that window, we're ready at a moment's
notice to apply," he said.

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091030-OT-Grants-lessen-tax-burden-1030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2009


                          FOCUS - 736 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday

Uniqueness, need keys to grants

BYLINE: Cathy Spaulding, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Aug. 18--Effective grant applications need to hook donors by citing a program's
uniqueness and need, successful grant-writers say.

Muskogee Public Schools officials are working to ensure each of  its eight
elementary schools has equal opportunity to get outside grants. Officials
adopted a resolution capping the amount of outside money an elementary school
gets to $175,000 a year.

However, it takes a good grant application to get these funds. Several Muskogee
schools have teachers or administrators who know how to write a good one.

Gina Batie's name has been on several successful grants over the past two years.

"I'm a librarian, so I look for grants specific for libraries," said Batie,
media specialist at Harris-Jobe Elementary School. "Since Harris-Jobe is the
smallest elementary in Muskogee, our funding is less. By writing grants, we can
supplement what we are not able to purchase for our library."

Over the past two years, Batie has received four grants from the Muskogee
Education Foundation. In 2013, she received a $500 grant for "BioGRAPHical
Novels," and  $736 for "Encore: Back for More: Common Core Literature and the
Library Media Center." In 2012, she received an $866 grant for "Cloudy with a
Chance of Learning" and a $704 grant for "En 'Core' Common Core Informational
Text & the Library Media Center".

She also helped principal Kim Fleak write the application for a $51,303 grant
Harris-Jobe received from the Jimmie Johnson Foundation to build a fitness and
nature trail in 2012.

"We began as teachers brainstorming a grant idea and she (Fleak) and I did the
rest," Batie said, calling grant-writing a "very collaborative effort."

"You're not on your own," she said, recalling how she sought help from expert
grant-writers when she started seeking funding.

Creek Elementary Principal Rick Hoos said one key to a successful grant
application is to "listen to what the foundation's requirements are."

He said fifth-grade teacher Beverly Boyer is prolific at writing grants.

Boyer stressed being thorough.

"Everyone needs to answer every question," she said.

Alice Robertson Junior High choir director Shalyn Gallaway said she's made sure
donors were aware of a project's need. That's how she was able to help the
school receive a $90,509 grant from the Jimmie Johnson Foundation to renovate
AR's stage. The renovation included new curtains, lights, video projector and
sound system.

Sadler Arts Academy Principal Ronia Davison said a project must have "a
meaningful purpose that would help a high number of students succeed."

"You have to have a hook, make it easy to understand for the reader," Davison
said.

A unique approach also helps, Sadler eighth-grade teacher Georgie Chapuis said.
She said she's looked for projects that enabled her to "teach something in a
different way."

"This year we made costumes," she said

Reach Cathy Spaulding at (918) 684-2928 or cspaulding@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2013 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130818-XK-Uniqueness-need-keys-to-grants-0818-20130818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2013 Muskogee Phoenix


                          FOCUS - 737 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Grant's initial court appearance is eventful

BYLINE: Chris Olson, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 566 words


Aug. 26--The initial court appearance for Walter Grant Jr. on five felony
charges only lasted a few minutes before he was sent back to a jail cell.

Grant, 59, 1018 4th Ave. SW Unit 29, appeared in Southeast District Court before
Judge Jerod E. Tufte on charges of gross sexual imposition, burglary,
terrorizing, aggravated assault and felonious restraint.

The initial appearance is conducted to read the charges to the defendant and
determine if the defendant has an attorney or is qualified to have a public
defender.

Grant, seated at the defendant's table, said he wouldn't answer any questions
until he had a lawyer present. Tufte said Grant had the right to remain silent
and not talk about the facts of the case, but he did want him to acknowledge
that he understood what was said in the instructional video on court
proceedings. Grant said again he would not say a word until he had a lawyer
present. Grant then left the defendant's table and sat in a chair in the jury
box with defendants in other cases waiting for their initial court appearance.

When Tufte asked Grant if he understood English, Grant's said, "Yes, do you
understand English?"

The judge asked Grant again if he understood the video, then asked the court
clerk and court reporter to note that Grant had inserted his fingers in his
ears. Tufte instructed the correctional officers in the courtroom to escort
Grant back to the Stutsman County Correctional Center, where he is being held.

As he was walking out of the courtroom, Grant said, "There is only one judge in
this world and that is God."

After Grant was out of the courtroom, Tufte told Stutsman County Assistant
State's Attorney Katherine Naumann that the court would make a judge available
if she wanted to arrange an initial appearance in the correctional center. Tufte
also suggested that Grant be shackled so he could not stick his fingers in his
ears.

Naumann said Grant did complete his initial appearance later Thursday afternoon.

Grant is accused of engaging in a sexual act with a woman in her apartment in
southwest Jamestown against her will by threat of imminent death, serious bodily
injury or kidnapping.

The woman reported at about 6:10 a.m. Tuesday that she had been assaulted in her
home by Grant, escaped and fled to a neighbor's to call 911. Grant was
apprehended by the stockyards on the west side of Jamestown with the help of the
Stutsman County Sheriff's Office K-9 unit.

Bond was set at $250,000 cash or $500,000 surety. A surety bond is guaranteed by
a person or institution to ensure the defendant is present for court dates.

No arraignment date was set, at which time Grant would enter a plea to the
charges.

The gross sexual imposition charge is a Class A felony, burglary is a Class B
felony, and the terrorizing, aggravated assault and felonious restraint charges
are Class C felonies.

The maximum penalty for a Class A felony is 20 years in prison and a $20,000
fine. The maximum penalty for a Class B felony is 10 years in prison and
$20,000. The maximum penalty for a Class C felony is five years in prison and a
$10,000 fine.

Explore related topics:NewslocalcourtsLawwalter grant jr.

Chris Olson

Hometown: Traverse City, MI College: Northwestern Michigan College and Michigan
State University

___ (c)2016 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160826-QJ-Grant-s-initial-court-appearance-is-eventful-0826-20160826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2016 The Jamestown Sun


                          FOCUS - 738 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     February 11, 2016 Thursday 7:03 AM GMT

In four years there will be no grants for charities - it will destroy
communities;
Grants for Good campaign appeals for help in pushing back government cuts
threatening vital work of local charities

BYLINE: Debrah Allcock Tyler

SECTION: VOLUNTARY SECTOR NETWORK

LENGTH: 609 words


Charities have lost more than £3.8bn in grants from government over the last
decade and, at the continued rate of decline, there will no government grant
money for charities by the next general election. This could destroy families
and communities across the UK.

From a height of £6bn in 2003, the total value of public sector grant-making to
the voluntary sector had plummeted to just £2.2bn by 2013. There is little to
suggest that this trajectory is going to change - austerity looks set to
continue and local councils, one of the sector's biggest funders, are staring
down the barrel of a 29% cut to their funding over the next five years.

Grants are the lifeblood of local charities, and people need these
organisations. Without local charities disabled people would lose access to
their communities, hospital appointments would be missed; animals would go
unsheltered. Our streets, waterways and public parks would be polluted. Children
would be forced on to the street. There would more premature unnecessary deaths
among the elderly. The list is endless. Our communities function because of
local charities, and they need government grants to operate.

Related:  Charities told: Don't lobby us, unless we like what you say | Patrick
Butler

This is why we are campaigning to reverse this change. The Grants for Good
campaign led by us, Charity Finance Group, Children England, NAVCA and Lloyds
Bank Foundation believes that grants are essential for charities and community
groups. Access to grants allows organisations to put beneficiaries at the centre
of decisions about projects and services. This is crucial, as it allows
charities to work in the most effective way. Grant funding allows young carers
to choose which activities will help to build their confidence, or bereaved
parents to decide what sort of counselling they need.

And grants are straightforward. Without the restrictions of local government
contracts that have to conform to EU tender regulations, local authorities can
make a small grant to a local charity, which can get to work quickly to address
needs. These charities can often offer better value and greater flexibility in
responding to changing local demands. Grants are an investment into the
community, which can be used to attract other resources, such as volunteers, as
well as further funding, including donations and other voluntary income. Without
charities supported by grants people will suffer, and long-term problems facing
our communities will never be resolved.

Related:  The Charities Act: what you need to know

We must make this case to commissioners and ensure they realise the value in
commissioning charities and community groups through grants. To do this, the
campaign wants to hear about your experience of using grants. How has your
community benefitted from them? Tell us here and sign up to our email bulletin
to keep up to date with the campaign.

We want commissioners to think outside the box and realise the full value of
engaging with the voluntary sector through grant-making. But we also want
commissioners to learn from the experiences of charities and not only give more
grants, but good grants. These are grants that allow charities to feed back to
government on what they have learned about service delivery and conditions on
the ground. By signing up to the campaign you can help us make this case as
powerfully as possible.

For more news, opinions and ideas about the voluntary sector,
join our community                                           - it's free!
Contact us: voluntarysectornetwork@theguardian.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 739 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     Point Pleasant Register, West Virginia

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 11, 2013 Thursday

Grants available for Mason County Schools

BYLINE: Point Pleasant Register, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


July 11--MASON COUNTY -- Our Community's Foundation's Mason County Community
Foundation affiliate is currently accepting applications from teachers in Mason
County Schools for grants of up to $1,000 to support teacher-initiated
educational projects and programs that benefit Mason County students through the
Dickens Family Fund for Mason County Schools.

Grants from this fund support innovative classroom projects that enhance the
education of Mason County students. Up to three teachers from each school in
Mason County may apply for mini-grants; the applications must be submitted
through the school. Grant funding can support materials, books, instructional
supplies, travel expenses, and/or performance and consulting fees. The
application deadline is Sept. 1.

Schools apply using the Foundation's mini-grant application form, available on
the Foundation's web site. To access the link to the online mini-grant
application, go to the Foundation's web site, www.pacfwv.com, and click on the "
Grants" section from the top tool bar. Next, click on "Grant Guidelines and
Applications" on the right hand side of the page and then scroll down to find
the link to the mini-grant application under Dickens Family Fund for Mason
County Schools.

In addition to grants to benefit Mason County Schools, the Parkersburg Area
Community Foundation (PACF) and the Regional Affiliates of Doddridge, Ritchie,
Jackson, Mason Counties and the Little Kanawha Area -- is currently accepting
applications for grants for the fall cycle of its Community Action Grant
Program. The Foundation's application process is online; all applications must
be submitted online no later than midnight on September 1. Organizations apply
to PACF and/or any of the affiliates on the same online application form, the
Foundation's Community Action Grant Application. To access the online
application form, visit the Foundation's web site, www.pacfwv.com, and go to the
Grants section. Click on the link to "Applications and Forms" to access the
online Community Action Grant application.

To be considered for a Community Action Grant, an applicant must be a private,
non-profit organization, tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code, or a public institution. Either the applicant or program to be
funded must be located in the Foundation's eleven-county geographic service area
(Wood, Wirt, Doddridge, Ritchie, Pleasants, Roane, Calhoun, Gilmer, Jackson, and
Mason counties in West Virginia, and Washington County in Ohio).

The Foundation's grantmaking guidelines provide more specific information on
eligibility and priorities for all types of grants; visit the Foundation's web
site at www.pacfwv.com to access the grant guidelines and application forms. For
more information, contact Marian Clowes at 304-428-4438 or info@pacfwv.com

___ (c)2013 the Point Pleasant Register (Point Pleasant, W.Va.) Visit the Point
Pleasant Register (Point Pleasant, W.Va.) at www.mydailyregister.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130711-1PP-Grants-available-for-Mason-County-Schools-0711-20130711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PP


                 Copyright 2013 Point Pleasant Register, W.Va.


                          FOCUS - 740 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday

DEATH-BID TRIAL SENSATION I DID IT Brother confesses . . . after judge grants
immunity Brother confesses after judge grants immunity

BYLINE: NICK CLARK

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 539 words


A TASMANIAN man yesterday confessed at an attempted murder trial that he -- not
his sister -- injected his mother with insulin.

Michael Grant's revelation came after the presiding judge, Acting Justice
Michael Hill, granted him immunity from prosecution in the case.

Mr Grant's sister, Catherine Anne Pryor, 42, of the Launceston suburb of
Trevallyn, has pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of their mother, Anne
Frances Grant, on March 29, 2003.

Mr Grant told the Supreme Court jury in Launceston that he had injected his
mother with insulin, using a syringe from his father's doctor's bag.

Insulin lowers the blood sugar level, causing a coma and eventual death.

Director of Public Prosecutions Tim Ellis, SC, told the jury in his closing
address that Mr Grant's confession was a "disgraceful perjury".

"What a pack of barefaced lies he told and expected you to believe it," he said.

Defence counsel Greg Melick, SC, said Mr Grant's evidence was not given with
complete immunity.

"It could be used against him in relation to perjury," he said.

Mr Ellis labelled Mr Grant an "unrepentant liar . . . who spun out a pack of
nonsensical, stupid lies."

"It was a story fashioned cleverly but obviously to save his own neck and get
his sister out of trouble while he was at it," he said.

Mrs Grant, who suffered from dementia, was revived from a coma by ambulance
officers after the March 29 incident. She died in July 2003.

The jury was told Pryor pleaded guilty on Monday to assisting the suicide of her
father, Peter Dundas Grant, 79, in November 2003.

After Mr Grant told the jury he had injected his mother, Mr Ellis asked to
cross-examine him.

Mr Grant said he had injected his mother in the stomach, but could not remember
what size needle he had used or what he did with it afterwards.

Mr Grant said his father, who was in England at the time, had told him he could
ease his mother's suffering with an insulin injection.

"Why have you never told this story before?" Mr Ellis asked.

"I was never asked," Mr Grant said.

"That's a lie isn't it, Mr Grant?" Mr Ellis said.

"You never told police or the courts until you were assured it could not be used
against you."

He asked Mr Grant why he kept quiet while his sister was prosecuted. Mr Grant
said he would have eventually come forward.

When Mr Grant said he did not know how to answer a question Mr Ellis exclaimed:
"The truth would be a good start, Mr Grant."

Mr Grant said he did not believe what he had done was a crime.

The court was told that in the case of her father, Pryor filled a syringe with
pethidine and then insulin.

She handed it to her father, who injected himself. She later injected him in the
hand with insulin.

When he continued breathing, she put a plastic bag over his head.

Mr Ellis said the common factor in the attempted murder and the assisted suicide
was Pryor's presence.

He said Mrs Grant's doctor, Beth Mulligan, had stated in evidence: "Cathy told
me she had given her mother a shot of insulin."

Mr Melick said the jury could not be convinced beyond reasonable doubt that
Pryor had injected the insulin.

Acting Justice Hill is expected to sum up today before the jury retires to
consider its verdict.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                          FOCUS - 741 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 12, 2005 Saturday Michigan Edition

Free money from grants just a scam;
Experts advise consumers to be wary of such offers.

BYLINE: By CAROL ELLIOTT; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 526 words


Free money? Who doesn't want free government money?

Bill Carnegie, for one.

It's not that the head of the Food Bank of Northern Indiana doesn't want funding
for his nonprofit organization, which distributes food to the hungry. In fact,
Carnegie writes about 175 grant proposals per year, looking for money.

He just knows better when he hears the offers for grant money free for the
asking from the federal government.

"I just chuckle," said Carnegie. "I really don't put any stock in this."

Offers for free government grants are cropping up locally, in TV and newspaper
ads and telemarketing calls. Many of the offers tell individuals that they can
qualify for government grants to fix up their homes, start or expand businesses
or buy a home.

But professionals who have experience with grant writing warn consumers: There
still is no such thing as a free lunch.

"If these grants were available, do you think we would be doing this?" said Jan
Fye, regional director of the Small Business Development Center in South Bend,
which provides comprehensive planning help to people starting small businesses.

Fye said the center routinely gets calls from people who have been led to
believe the government is handing out money to start day cares or other
businesses. And it simply isn't so.

"I've heard of government grants, but those grants go to organizations --
normally, not-for-profit organizations -- that provide very specific kinds of
service to other organizations," said Fye.

"They are not for opening businesses."

Carnegie said government grants are so hard to get, his organization doesn't
write for them. Instead, he sends his proposals mostly to private foundations.

The odds of an individual qualifying for government grants who does not have a
nonprofit status -- specifically a 501(c)(3) designation by the Internal Revenue
Service -- are virtually nil.

Even when organizations do award grants, they usually have very stringent
requirements, said Carnegie. Most ask the applicant to provide a detailed
marketing plan, a history of past successes and audits by CPA firms.

Plus, the lists of grants are readily available on the Internet. There is no
need to pay a company to provide them, said Carnegie.

"Getting a grant is difficult," agreed W. David Griggs, an attorney with the
Federal Trade Commission Southwest Region. "A lot of people specialize in grant
writing. It has to be done in a certain way."

In November, the FTC settled a complaint against a New Orleans-based company,
U.S. Grant Resources, for deceptive practices. The company bought ads in local
papers that promised consumers free grant money with guaranteed acceptance for a
processing fee of up to $200.

The federal agency said consumers received nothing more than a list of grant
prospects that never panned out. The company was ordered to cease operations and
pay more than $400,000 to redress complaints.

Griggs said "red flag" words in grant offers are "easy grants," "free grants"
and "guaranteed grants."

"Any offers of money for free, be wary of," said Griggs.

Staff writer Carol Elliott:

celliott@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6346


LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Starting a startup?  People interested in starting their own business
can seek advice from the Small Business Development Center, located at 402 E.
Colfax Ave., Suite 120, South Bend. For more information about the center, phone
(574) 282-4350, ext. 1. Or visit its Web site, which is available through the
Business Counseling Group site at www.southbendbcg.com.

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                          FOCUS - 742 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

The Department of Commerce will submit to the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) for clearance the following proposal for collection of information under
the provisions of the Paperwork Reduction Act (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35).

Agency: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).

Title: Sea Grant Program Application Requirements for Grants, for Sea Grant
Fellowships, including the Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowships, and
for Designation as a Sea Grant College or Sea Grant Institute.

OMB Control Number: 0648-0362.

Form Number(s): NOAA 90-1, 90-2 and 90-4.

Type of Request: Regular (revision and extension of a currently approved
information collection).

Number of Respondents: 162.

Average Hours per Response: Form 90-1, 30 minutes; Form 90-2, 20 minutes; Form
90-4, 15 minutes; Application for Designation as a Sea Grant College or Regional
Consortium, 20 hours; Application for a Sea Grant Fellowship, 2 hours.

Burden Hours: 857.

Needs and Uses: This request is for revision and extension of a currently
approved information collection.

The objectives of the National Sea Grant College Program, as stated in the Sea
Grant legislation (33 U.S.C. 1121-1131) are to increase the understanding,
assessments, development, utilization, and conservation of the Nation's ocean,
coastal, and Great Lakes resources. The program accomplishes these objectives by
conducting research, education, and outreach programs.

Grant monies are available for funding activities that help obtain the
objectives of the Sea Grant Program. Both single and multi-project grants are
awarded, with the latter representing about 80 percent of the total grant
program. In addition to other standard grant application requirements, three
forms are required with the grants. These are the Sea Grant Control Form 90-1,
used to identify the organizations and personnel who would be involved in the
grant and briefly summarize the proposed activities under the grant; the Project
Record Form 90-2, which collects summary data on projects; and the Sea Grant
Budget Form 90-4, which provides information similar to, but more detailed than
on, forms SF-424A or SF-424C. In addition, the National Sea Grant College
Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1126) provides for application for designation of a
public or private institution of higher education, institute, laboratory, or
State or local agency as a Sea Grant college or Sea Grant institute.

Revision: The Project Record Form has been revised, based on public comments.

Affected Public: Not-for-profit institutions; business or other for-profit
organizations; individuals or households; state, local and tribal governments.

Frequency: Annually and on occasion.

Respondent's Obligation: Required to obtain or maintain benefits.

This information collection request may be viewed at reginfo.gov. Follow the
instructions to view Department of Commerce collections currently under review
by OMB.

Written comments and recommendations for the proposed information collection
should be sent within 30 days of publication of this notice to
OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax to (202) 395-5806.

Dated: October 21, 2014.

Glenna Mickelson,

Management Analyst, Office of the Chief Information Officer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 743 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                       July 19, 2004 Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Herbert E. Grant, 78

SECTION: DEATHS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 156 words

DATELINE: BRIMFIELD


BRIMFIELD   Herbert E. Grant, 78, formerly of 294 Little Alum Rd. died Friday
July 16 at Heywood Memorial Hospital in Gardner after an illness. His wife Edna
(Baker) Grant died in 1984. He leaves a son Bruce Grant of Southbridge, three
granddaughters Jennifer Saviengsack of Sturbridge, Lori Burlingame of Charlton,
Sandra Martinez of Holland, ten great grandchildren, a daughter in law Genevieve
Grant of Sturbridge. A son Douglas Grant died 2002 and a daughter Deborah Grant
died this year and a grandson Patrick E. Grant died in 1999.
Born in Worcester the son of Alexander and Lerena V. (Ried) Grant.

He owned and operated Central Foundation Co. from 1955 to 1986 when he retired.
He enjoyed playing the Bagpipes and breeding and raising Scottish Highland
Cattle. Calling hours are SIX PM to EIGHT PM , Tuesday, July, 20 in the
BELANGER-BULLARD FUNERAL HOME 51 Marcy St. Southbridge. A funeral service will
be private.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 744 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Social grants raised to meet surging demand

BYLINE:  Justin Brown

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 402 words


THE NUMBER of people receiving social grants will rise to 18 million by February
2019 as a result of higher life expectancy and other factors.

Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene said yesterday that the government's social
assistance grant programme was central to the relief of poverty and
vulnerability, with approximately 16.7 million people currently receiving social
grants.

"This figure is projected to reach 18.1 million in 2018/19, growing at 2.2
percent a year in terms of the medium-term expenditure framework, mainly due to
higher life expectancy and effects to ensure all eligible children younger than
two years of age benefit from the grant," Nene said during his mini budget
speech.

In 1998, 2.5 million people were getting social grants ranging from the child
support grant, disability grant, grant-in-aid, care dependency grant, foster
child grant, as well as the war veteran's grant and older person's grant.

The child support grant has the highest number of recipients at 11.5 million
people, followed by the grant for older persons at 3 million recipients and the
disability grant with 1.1 million recipients.

"With effect from this month, the old-age, war veterans, disability and care
dependency grants are increased by R10, to bring the annual increase in line
with long-term inflation. Over the three-year period ahead, nearly R13 billion
will be added to social assistance budgets," Nene said.

Sustainable

"Sustainable fiscal policy protects the social grants made since 1994. Scarce
resources will also be targeted to meet pressing social needs. Social grants
continue to make a meaningful contribution to reducing extreme poverty."

The grants come amid high unemployment, which stands at 25 percent. At the same
time, Nene has said South Africans need to tighten finances.

Nene said there would be very little room for new spending priorities over the
next three years. He said, nevertheless, the government proposed to allocate
additional resources to core areas of need, including projects that addressed
urgent social priorities.

"Provision has been made to increase social grants to accommodate
higher-than-expected growth in grant beneficiary numbers," he added.

"The local equitable share has been bolstered to support the rising cost of free
basic services," he said.

"Resources have been added to social development budgets for substance-abuse
centres and early childhood development," Nene said.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 745 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            February 15, 2008 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

Millions more will soon qualify for state grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 552 words


By Deon de Lange

Political Bureau

Millions more South Africans will soon be receiving social grants.

The government has announced changes to the grant system, including a review of
the means test used to determine who qualifies.

Social Development Minister Zola Skweyiya told journalists at Parliament
yesterday that a failure to adjust the means test - which, in effect, is an
asset and earnings threshold - over the years had seen the value of the grants,
particularly the child support grant, become eroded.

The government also wants to attach strings to some of the grants.

For instance, caregivers claiming child support grants may be required to prove
that these children attend school and are properly inoculated.

Skweyiya said this system was used to great effect in Mexico and Brazil.

He claimed these requirements would get more children off the streets and into
the classroom, ultimately reducing crime and delinquency.

Other changes include reducing to 60 the age at which men qualify for an old age
grant, bringing them in line with women, and the gradual extension of child
support grants to teenagers aged between 14 and 18 years.

"We don't want to be accused by men of discriminating against them. We have no
leg to stand on in the present-day South Africa.

"There has been a lot of complaint - and I do not necessarily agree - that the
government has been overemphasising children and women and that men have been
forgotten," Skweyiya joked.

The change in the age at which men would qualify for an old age grant, from 65
years to 60, would be phased in.

Skweyiya declined to comment on the costs and other details, saying he did not
want to "steal the thunder" of Finance Minister Trevor Manuel - a comment that
suggested announcements about the welfare system could be expected in Manuel's
Budget speech on Wednesday.

More than 12 million South Africans receive one of the seven social grants,
accounting for government spending of 3.4% of the gross domestic product.

The seven are an old age grant, disability grant, war veteran's grant, care
dependency grant, foster child grant, child support grant and a grant-in-aid.

To qualify for a grant, a recipient who is single may not own assets of more
than R313 200. Married couples must together own assets worth less than R626
400.

The income threshold varies according to the grant. For social grants, the
recipient must earn less than R21 612 a year, or R40 092 for couples. For a
child support grant, an urban caregiver must earn less than R9 600, while
someone living in a rural area or informal settlement must earn less than R13
200 a year.

Questioned about how the "national war room" on fighting poverty, announced by
President Thabo Mbeki in his State of the Nation address last week, would do
things differently, Skweyiya said there would be "greater co-ordination".

President Thabo Mbeki announced that a project team comprising the departments
of social development, provincial and local government, trade and industry,
agriculture and land affairs, public works, and health, would make up this "war
room".

Skweyiya acknowledged that more could be achieved to alleviate poverty if the
three spheres of government worked together more effectively.

"We have said many a time that our weakness as government is mostly at local
government level," said Skweyiya.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 746 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday

Grant distribution gathers pace

BYLINE: Himalayan News Service

LENGTH: 651  words


Kathmandu, August 21: The number of households that have received the first
instalment of the grant for house reconstruction in the last six days since
August 16 has doubled as compared to the number of households that received the
grant in the previous five months. This process has quickened as the National
Reconstruction Authority (NRA) launched a month-long campaign for grant
distribution on August 15.

A total of 92,862 beneficiaries have obtained 25 per cent or Rs 50,000 of the
grant as of today, according to Central Level Project Implementation Unit
(CLPIU) under the Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development (MoFALD).

The NRA has been mobilising the individual house reconstruction grant through
MoFALD. It has set a target to distribute the first tranche of grant to all the
beneficiaries who have signed the grant agreement with the local bodies by
September 18. NRA had started grant distribution process from March 13, nearly
11 months after the devastating earthquake and only 49,749 beneficiaries had
received the first instalment of the grant in the five-month period till August
15.

However, the reconstruction process has been expedited after the launch of grant
distribution campaign and a total of 43,113 beneficiary households received Rs
50,000 each in six days.

A total of 364,220 households identified as eligible for the government's grant
have signed agreements with the local bodies under the supervision of NRA till
date. "The government can reach out to those households that have signed the
grant agreement within 37 days," said Ram Prasad Thapaliya, spokesperson of NRA.

During the beneficiary survey commissioned by NRA, 531,937 households were
identified as eligible for the government's grant. NRA has also expedited the
grant agreement signing process between beneficiary households and local bodies.
The local bodies - Village Development Committee or municipality - forwards the
files of grant agreement to the District Development Committee (DDC) and DDC
forwards it to the District Treasury Controller Office to release the payment to
the banks and financial institutions (BFIs). The beneficiary can then obtain the
grant amount from the concerned BFI. Grant agreement paper and citizenship
document are mandatory to receive the grant amount from the BFIs.

The NRA has said that around 15 to 20 per cent of the beneficiaries may be
deprived of the grant because they do not have land ownership certificates. Land
ownership certificate is mandatory to sign the grant agreement.

To facilitate those who have not registered their land, the NRA has issued Land
Registration Guideline, 2016, which has authorised the land revenue officer to
register the land of the earthquake survivor with the consent of chief district
officer or local development officer. The quake survivor can then apply to the
Land Revenue Office for the registration process of land where the survivor has
been living since long, according to Thapaliya.

The MoFALD, Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Land Reform and
Management have already instructed their line agencies to facilitate the land
registration process of quake survivors. As per the provision of the guideline,
if the land registration is not settled at the district level the concerned
person can file a complaint at the head office of the NRA and the review
committee of NRA will facilitate the registration process.

"NRA believes that eligible households should not be deprived of the
government's aid for house reconstruction due to lack of land registration
certificate," Thapaliya stated.

The NRA has released Rs 19.33 billion to the CLPIU to distribute the first
instalment of the grant. But the CLPIU has projected that it will require Rs 24
billion for the distribution of first instalment to the beneficiary households
in 11 districts outside Kathmandu Valley, according to Ganesh Raj Osti, project
director at CLPIU.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 747 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                 Surrey Mirror

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

SECTION: ENTS:DAYS OUT; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 234  words


L OSE yourself in a field of yellow as Priory Farm's sunflower Funflower Maze
bursts into full bloom for its seventh year.

With the sunflowers  at their biggest and brightest in August, now is the
perfect time to explore the maze at the South Nutfield farm.

At around one acre in size with paths marked out by dwarf sunflowers (which can
still grow up to two metres high), it's a brightly-coloured fun challenge for
adventurers young and old.

Visit Priory Farm's Discovery Walk to take on the mighty maze -  tackle the
twists and turns and don't be fooled by the dead ends.

You might even spot a celebrity or two on your way round.

But will you be able to find your way out once you've reached the scarecrow in
the middle?

The best view of the sunflowers is to be had at the end of the Discovery Walk so
conquer the hill and take on the Summer Sporting Trail if you're game - every
successful athlete receives a medal and a sweet.

And there's plenty more fun to be had at Priory Farm to keep the kids occupied
during the holidays.

The pirate ship play area and Duck River are open every day and on Fun Thursdays
there will be tractor rides and a bouncy castle.

What: Funflower Maze

Where: Priory Farm, Sandy Lane, South Nutfield, RH1 4EJ

Opening times and prices: Discovery Walk 9.30am - 5.15pm every day (last entry
4.15pm), £2.50 per person including Funflower Maze and Nature Trail

Website: www.prioryfarm.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield
Surrey. Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
FUN DAY OUT: Kids will love visiting Priory Farm Pictures: Grant Melton
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015
REGM20150817C GVs of Priory Farm sunflower maze, Sandy Lane, Nutfield Surrey.
Picture Credit Grant Melton/copyright LocalWorld2015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 748 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

MVFD receives Homeland Security grant

BYLINE: Tesa Culli, Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Nov. 13--MT. VERNON -- The Mt. Vernon Fire Department has been awarded a $86,241
grant from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to be used for operations
and safety purposes.

"This will be our fifth grant we tried for including the fire prevention and
safety grant," said MVFD Assistant Fire Chief Kevin Sargent, who wrote the
grant. "In the grant, we earmarked four things for the money. We are going to be
able to purchase new SCBA, self-contained breathing apparatus, 12 of those; also
replace some firefighting hose that has been in service since 1997, and also be
able to outfit 10 of our employees with bunker gear that has been in need of
replacement because they are worn out."

The grant award notice was issued by U.S. Representative John Shimkus, who also
announced grants were awarded to three other fire departments within his
district: Irvington Fire Protection District at $28,362; Rural Pope County Fire
Protection District at $55,396; and Pocahontas Old Ripley Fire Protection
District at $20,979.

"Fire grants are very competitive and I applaud these departments for their
successful applications," Shimkus stated. "Operations and Safety grants can be
used for training, equipment, personal protective gear, wellness and fitness or
health and safety improvements to fire stations."

The grant has a 5 percent match provision, with Mt. Vernon adding $4,539 to the
grant award.

"That's a pretty good return on an investment," Sargent said.

Sargent said once the funds are received, he and Chief Jim Brown will meet with
the city manager, mayor and council members as part of the budget process.

"We budgeted the money contingent on receiving (the grant)," Sargent said.
"Since we have been awarded the grant, that will free up the money in the budget
to be put towards other needed items within the city."

Sargent, who was chosen several years ago to participate in the U.S. Homeland
Security grant process as part of a peer review committee, said he believes the
experience helped him to write the successful grant application.

"I learned several things, one of them was to see how the peer review process
works and what different people from around the country are looking for (in the
grants)," Sargent said. "Some of the things is you have to have a proposed
project. You have to spell out what you want to do. You have to show a financial
need, and you also have to establish a cost benefit. In other words, how this
will benefit the municipality or department in purchasing with grant funds. The
last thing you have to show is how it will affect the daily operations of the
fire department."

Fire grant funds are awarded through the Assistance to Firefighters grant
program, which is administered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in
cooperation with the U.S. Fire Administration.

To see more of Mt. Vernon Register-News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Mt. Vernon Register-News,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081113-VR-MVFD-receives-Homeland-Security-grant-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 749 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, FY 2015

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


DC: This Notice document was issued by the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA)

Action

Notice of availability of funds and funding opportunity announcements (FOA) for
Targeted Topic Training and Capacity Building grants.
Summary

: This notice announces availability of approximately $3.5 million for Susan
Harwood Training Program grants. Two separate funding opportunity announcements
are available for Targeted Topic Training grants and Capacity Building grants.
Two types of grants are being announced under each funding opportunity. Funding
Opportunity Number SHTG-FY-15-01 will cover the two types of Targeted Topic
Training grants: Targeted Topic Training and Targeted Topic Training and
Educational Materials Development grants. Funding Opportunity Number
SHTG-FY-15-02 will cover the two types of Capacity Building grants: Capacity
Building Developmental and Capacity Building Pilot grants.
Dates

Grant applications for both Targeted Topic Training and Capacity Building grants
must be received electronically by the Grants.gov system no later than 11:59
p.m., ET, on Tuesday, June 2, 2015.
Addresses

The complete Susan Harwood Training Grant Program funding opportunity
announcements and all information needed to apply for these funding
opportunities are available at the Grants.gov Web site, http://www.grants.gov.
For Further Information Contact

Questions regarding the funding opportunity announcements should be emailed to
HarwoodGrants@dol.gov or directed to Heather Wanderski, Program Analyst, or Jim
Barnes, Director, Office of Training Programs and Administration, at
847-759-7700 (note this is not a toll-free number). Personnel will not be
available to answer questions after 5:00 p.m., ET. To obtain further information
on the Susan Harwood Training Grant Program, visit the OSHA Web site at:
http://www.osha.gov/dte/sharwood/index.html.

Questions regarding Grants.gov should be emailed to Support@grants.gov or
directed to the Grants.gov Contact Center, at 1-800-518-4726 (toll free number).
The Contact Center is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Contact
Center is closed on Federal holidays.
Supplementary Information
Authority and Signature

David Michaels, Ph.D., MPH, Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety
and Health, directed the preparation of this notice. The authority for this
notice is Section 21 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, (29
U.S.C. 670), Public Law 113-235, and Secretary of Labor's Order No. 1-2012 (77
FR 3912).

Funding Opportunity Number: SHTG-FY-15-01 (Targeted Topic grants)

Funding Opportunity Number: SHTG-FY-15-02 (Capacity Building grants)

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 17.502.
Signed at Washington, DC, on April 6, 2015.
David Michaels,
Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health.
[FR Doc. 2015-08509 Filed 4-14-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4510-26-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 750 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2012

Nine micro-grants approved;
State overwhelmed with requests for grants

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 528  words


The Washington State Community Economic Revitaliza-tion Board (CERB) announced
approval of nine community revitalization micro-grant awards totaling $154,745.

The city of Othello received $19,500 for a main street lighting project in the
downtown corridor.

"Micro-grants are a unique aspect of the Community Revitalization Grants
program," CERB Chair Mark Urdahl said. "These grants are funding projects that
are small in scale but can have an enormous impact on the livability of our
communities."

The 2012 Legislature approved $12 million for two temporary competitive grant
programs targeted to help local governments. These are one-time grant programs
and all the funds will be awarded by the end of the year.

The Board received a total of $48.3 million in requests from 100 jurisdictions
seeking the new grants.

Community revitalization micro-grants are $20,000 or less. Projects awarded
funding will improve local economic and recreational activity by building
facilities such as bike racks, installing new street lighting, constructing
community gardens and developing pedestrian trails in downtown areas.

CERB is conducting a two-phase application cycle for a separate pool of
community revitalization grants for projects requesting $20,000 to $500,000 and
larger economic development grants for up to $1 million per project.

"I commend the CERB members and staff for their creativity and responsiveness in
implementing these new grant programs quickly and efficiently," Rogers Weed,
Director of the Washington State Department of Commerce, said. "These funds will
spark vital economic development opportunities for Washington communities."

For the economic development grants, CERB is targeting projects that highly
leverage funding from other sources and can measurably increase private sector
job creation. CERB is encouraging applicants for economic development grants to
focus on projects that are integrated with existing Washington industry clusters
and are well-supported by local collaboration and planning efforts. Community
revitalization grants are targeting projects that revitalize downtown business
districts and increase local economic activity. Funds in both grant programs
must be used for infrastructure construction.

Community revitalization and economic development grant requests of $20,000 to
$1 million judged to merit further consideration will be invited to submit Phase
II applications at the end of September. Grant awards for successful Phase II
applicants will be announced in December.

Port of Sunnyside approved for almost $1 million in traditional CERB funding

Also approved in the CERB meeting were an $836,530 loan and a $150,000 grant to
the Port of Sunnyside, Yakima County, to construct a pumping station and install
4.3 miles of 16-inch pipeline to connect an industrial wastewater treatment
facility with a riparian wetland on the Yakima River. This project will
significantly increase discharge capacity for treated industrial wastewater,
while benefitting the ecosystem of the Yakima River. The facility was in danger
of being shut down, threatening about 635 Yakima County jobs.

For more information visit www.commerce.wa.gov/cerb.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Othello Outlook


                          FOCUS - 751 of 866 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 7, 2014

Grant writing workshop

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 451  words


West Virginia Humanities Council grants administrator Amy Saunders Postalwait
will conduct a grant-writing workshop on Thursday, May 15, 10:30 a.m. to noon at
the Calhoun County Historical Society Museum, 344 Main Street Grantsville.

Seating is limited and registration is suggested. Contact grants administrator
Postalwait at 304-346-8500 to register.

Grant-writing workshops are conducted to better acquaint West Virginians with
the Humanities Council's grant guidelines and application process. A variety of
matching grants are offered by the Council year-round to nonprofit organizations
in West Virginia that support educational programming. The West Virginia
Humanities Council is the state affiliate of the National Endowment for the
Humanities and serves West Virginia through grants and direct programs in the
humanities.

Grant categories will be reviewed at the workshop:

Minigrants. Humanities Council minigrants support small projects, single events,
lectures, small museum exhibits and brochures, consultation needs, and planning
for more complex projects. They are awarded four times per year for projects up
to $1,500. The next minigrant deadline is June 1, followed by October 1,
February 1 and April 1.

Major grants This category supports public programs including, but not limited
to, lectures, school projects, panel discussions, reading/discussion series,
exhibits, reenact-ments, and conferences. They are awarded twice a year for
projects over $1,500 and up to $20,000. The deadlines for major grant
applications are September 1 and February 1.

Teacher Institute grants. West Virginia college and university professors are
invited to submit a proposal for a two-week seminar on a humanities topic suited
to the teaching needs of elementary or secondary teachers. These grants, up to
$25,000, are awarded once a year for summer teaching seminars. The deadline is
September 1. One to three teacher institute grants are awarded annually to a
college or university.

Publication grants. Only completed manuscripts sponsored by recognized academic
presses and established nonprofit presses are eligible. These grants, up to
$20,000, are awarded once a year with an application deadline of September 1.

Media grants. Humanities Council media grants up to $20,000 are awarded once a
year to support the planning, scripting, and production of projects intended to
produce audio or video materials. These grants also fund websites or a newspaper
series. The deadline for media grant applications is September 1.

Fellowships Grants of $2,500 are awarded once a year. Fellowships offer West
Virginia teachers, college and university faculty, and independent scholars
support for research and writing projects.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2014


                          FOCUS - 752 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Drive Edition

HUD ALLOCATES BLOCK GRANTS TO STATE, LOCAL GOVERNMENTS

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 359 words


The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is allocating almost $48
million in final fiscal year 2011 block grants to the state and its local
governments under the Community Development Block Grants, HOME Investment
Partnerships, Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS and the Emergency
Shelter Grant Program.

Funding for the block grant and HOME programs was cut significantly compared to
last year.

"These programs are absolutely critical to communities all across this country,"
said HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan. "The 2011 budget agreement required tough
choices, and we would not have made many of them in better circumstances, but
beginning to live within our means is the only way to protect those investments
that will help America win the future and compete for new jobs.

"As we work under the challenges of our nation's deficit, we must also
understand that these programs are absolutely essential in promoting community
development, producing affordable housing, helping our homeless and even
supporting long-term disaster recovery."

Block grants include:

$27,348,173 million in Community Development Block Grant funds.

$18,163,314 million in HOME Investment Partnerships funding.

$1,321,998 million in Emergency Shelter Grants.

$1,116,142 million for Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS.

The state received a $14,578,062 block grant, $11,221,138 in HOME funding,
$929,475 in a shelter grant and $247,359 in AIDS funding.

In the metro area:

Oklahoma City received a $4,770,589 block grant, $2,758,861 in HOME funding,
$231,264 in a shelter grant and $519,333 in AIDS funding.

Edmond received a $369,727 block grant.

Midwest City received a $436,667 block grant.

Moore received a $259,077 block grant.

Norman received a $777,779 block grant and $527,597 in HOME funds.

Shawnee received a $363,892 block grant.

Also:

Enid received a $518,812 block grant.

Lawton received a $778,782 block grant and $467,584 in HOME funding.

Tulsa received a $3,322,685 block grant, $2,042,654 in HOME funding, a $161,259
shelter grant and $349,450 in AIDS funding.

Tulsa County received a $1,172,101 block grant and $1,145,480 in HOME funding.


LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A file photo shows framing of a house under construction in Oklahoma
City. PHOTO BY PAUL B. SOUTHERLAND, OKLAHOMAN ARCHIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 753 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

City considers hiring grant writer to land fed funds

BYLINE: Jeff Byrd, The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 450 words


April 19--The city of Meridian needs a grant writer if it wants to land more
federal funds, according to the 2014 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report
presented to the Meridian City Council on Thursday.

Paul V. Breazeale, CPA of Breazeale, Saunders & O'Neil, Ltd. from Jackson, told
Meridian Mayor Percy Bland, his administration and council members that the city
was awarded 40 grants for 2014 for a total of $1 million. That was down from 53
grants in 2013.

Breazeale said one of the factors has been the federal government's tightening
of available funds.

"It's not as much as it used to be," Breazeale said. "The trend has been
downward across the nation in terms of number of grants and the amounts."

Still, Council President Dustin Markham was not happy about the city's
performance.

"We're at a low as it relates to getting grants in the last year," Markham said.
"We had 53 in 2013 and this time it was 40, so we dropped 13. We can do better.
We need to get that number back up and improve that number. Any time there is an
opportunity for the city to get federal money, we need to get it, so we can
expand our budget."

Bland and the Chief Administrative Officer Mike McGrevey agree that the city
must improve on grant applications.

"We need to hire a grant writer," Bland said. "We don't have an in-house grant
writer and it's something we need. An effective grant writer would allow us
bring in those federal dollars that are out there."

The city hired David Whitaker as the city's new Chief Financial Officer last
week. That position had been vacant for more than a year. McGrevey said the next
key hire will be a grant writer.

"We do feel its important to invest in a grant writer position," McGrevey said.
"As federal dollars are drying up and fewer grant opportunities are available,
we need to have one on staff or through a contracted position. We need someone
who can comprehensively develop grants so that we are competitive for these
grants."

McGrevey said it will take a dedicated individual who can work the federal
system to land bigger and more effective grants.

"The grants that we've gotten have been smaller ones," McGrevey said. "We need
to go after the larger grants because those will be the ones that will make a
significant impact. Like Mr. Breazeale said, the federal government has cut back
significantly on the number of grants awarded. Actually, they started doing it a
couple of years back and it's just now started to show. Still, you need a
dedicated individual in order for you to be competitive in getting these grants.
"

___ (c)2015 The Meridian Star (Meridian, Miss.) Visit The Meridian Star
(Meridian, Miss.) at meridianstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150419-ZG-City-considers-hiring-grant
-writer-to-land-fed-funds-0419-20150419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                        Copyright 2015 The Meridian Star


                          FOCUS - 754 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 14, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Amherst improves success rate on grant applications to 20 percent

BYLINE: By Sandra Tan - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 390 words


The Town of Amherst has improved its success rate on grant applications.

Since Rotella Grant Management has taken over grant-writing services for Amherst
in June 2008, the town has applied for 50 grants worth $15 million and been
awarded $3.1 million by various agencies.

That's a success rate of about 20 percent, said Council Member Guy Marlette at
Monday's Town Board work session.

"I think their success rate is pretty good," he said.

It's also a huge improvement from the town's dismal record in 2007 when its
previous grant-writing contractor, J.O'Connell and Associates, applied for 17
grants on the town's behalf and won only one for $12,750.

At the time, the grant-writing contractor described Amherst as a "difficult
client" and the quality of the information it received from some departments as
"amateurish at best."

In response to the poor performance and the criticism, the board signed on with
Rotella Grant Management in June 2008, and former Supervisor Satish Mohan
demanded more accountability for grant-writing efforts from both the contractor
and his own administrators, Marlette said.

Jim Zymanek, the town's director of emergency services and safety who had
enjoyed some grant-writing success in his department, was given the additional
responsibility of coordinating grant-application efforts with department heads
and with the grant writer.

"It's been beneficial on our end to bring everything under one roof so the Town
Board has one person to go to, the comptroller has one person to go to, to find
out what's the status of a grant," Zymanek said.

Unlike the past, the town is now using its capital improvement plan, which lists
all current and future townwide construction projects, as a grant-planning
document to match available grant dollars with existing community needs, he
said.

A spreadsheet shared with board members Monday showed that since June 2008, the
town had been awarded nearly as much grant money as it had been denied, with the
status of many other grants pending.

The $3.1 million in grant awards includes a recent $1 million in federal
stimulus money provided to the town through the U.S. Department of Energy for
energy efficiency projects.

Zymanek said the town has applied for other federal stimulus money and hopes
that more grant money from the federal government will be awarded.

e-mail: stan@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 755 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            August 25, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Government welcomes reviews of grant system

BYLINE: James Massola

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 476  words


Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner has embraced a sweeping set of recommendations
that will reform the Federal Government's discretionary grants program.

The twin reviews, conducted by Peter Grant and Joanne Kelly, call for changes to
a system that saw 49,000 discretionary grants worth $4.5billion handed out in
2007.

Ministers will still be free to ignore departmental advice but now they will
have to justify in writing why they have disregarded advice.

Grants should also be subject to tax, better safeguards would be put in place to
counter rorting and a simplified application and more transparent reporting
process similar to the government procurement system Austender be put in place.

But Mr Grant recommended ministers should retain the power to rule on
discretionary grants in their own electorates.

Mr Grant also recommended a new unit be established in the Department of Finance
to monitor grants across departments, and an update of the Commonwealth Grants
Guidelines both of which have already been implemented.

"Both the number and value of discretionary grants awarded have grown strongly
in recent years from fewer than 4000 with a total value of about $580million in
calendar year 2000," he wrote.

Dr Kelly's report said ministerial involvement in decision making over
discretionary grants made them "inherently suspicious".

"Politicians need to move away from seeing discretionary grants programs as pots
of money over which they have full discretion or that can be used to 'spread a
little sunshine'," she wrote. "The fact that discretionary grants can be
targeted to specific jurisdictions or communities is both a strength and
weakness of this policy instrument.

Where discretionary grant programs are used to electoral rather than policy
ends, they undermine the collective policy goals of government."

Mr Tanner ordered the reviews after Labor came to power and amid controversy and
allegations of "pork barrelling" in the wake of an Audit office report on the
Regional Partnerships program.

"Under the previous Government the administration of Commonwealth grants was
significantly debased," he said. " ... This review is part of the Rudd
Government's agenda to restore transparency and accountability to not just the
administration of Commonwealth grants but to public expenditure more broadly."
Allen Consulting Group director Stephen Bartos said the reviews of discretionary
spending had been long overdue.

"There has been an unconsidered explosion of discretionary grants in recent
years, so bringing them back in line with normal accountability standards is
highly desirable," he said.

"There does need to be great accountability. And clearly the fundamental thing
is to reduce the number of discretionary grants programs, over time, through
normal budget processes so we have fewer grants, particularly small grants, and
more accountability."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2009 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 756 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

Mehserle: Former BART officer breaks down on the witness stand

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 568 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Former BART police officer Johannes Mehserle broke down on the
witness stand at a civil trial Friday as he described fatally shooting Oscar
Grant III at the Fruitvale station on New Year's Day 2009.

On point with his criminal trial testimony that led up to his involuntary
manslaughter conviction in 2010, Mehserle said he had been intending to use a
Taser on Grant and was shocked when he realized he had shot in the back of the
22-year-old Hayward man lying on his stomach.

Mehserle said he was straddling Grant and trying to get a hold of his right hand
when Grant made a digging motion, making him think that Grant could be reaching
for a gun. Mehserle stood up, shouted that he was going to use his Taser on
Grant, and fired. Mesherle said he didn't know he had fired his gun until he saw
the weapon in his hand and the bullet hole in Grant's back.

"I was thinking, 'Oh shit,' not understanding how this happened, why it
happened," said Mehserle, 32. "I felt terrible for Mr. Grant. I felt sick."

Oscar Grant Jr., Grant III's father, brought a civil rights lawsuit against
Mehserle in which he is seeking monetary damages for the loss of a familial
relationship. Grant Jr. was in prison his son's whole life for an 1985 Oakland
murder. He is still serving his sentence, but attending the current trial under
the watch of correctional officers.

The 10-person jury will also be tasked to decide on an excessive force claim
brought against Officer BART Marisol Domenici by Zeporia Smith, on behalf of her
deceased son Johntue Caldwell. Caldwell was among Grant's best friends who were
detained early that morning alongside Grant by officers who were investigating a
report of a fight on a train involving black men in black clothing. Caldwell,
25, was fatally shot in an unrelated gas station shooting in Hayward in 2011.

Attorney Waukeen McCoy, representing Grant. Jr., aggressively questioned
Mehserle on Friday to raise doubt as to whether Mehserle meant to reach for his
Taser. Mehserle had no confusion during the two times he brandished his Taser to
Grant III and his friends before the shooting, McCoy said, and it was clear that
the Taser's pointing red light wasn't aimed on Grant III before Mehserle pulled
the trigger.

Mehserle said he was trying to deploy his Taser as fast as possible because
Grant posed a threat, while McCoy said that Grant was clearly not a threat as he
was subdued on his stomach with Mehserle on his back and the lead officer, Tony
Pirone, with his knee in Grant's neck.

"You thought he wanted to record the brutality that you and Officer Pirone were
doing, correct?" McCoy asked.

Mehserle said that although he had ordered Grant III to put his cell phone away,
he was not angry at Grant III and didn't know Grant III had taken a picture of
him during the detainment until after the fact.

The shooting and the events leading up to the incident was caught on cell phone
cameras by people at the crowded station, sparked protests and riots, and
inspired the Hollywood film, "Fruitvale Station."

Mehserle on Friday recalled the shouts of outrage directed at him after he fired
the gun.

"I have never felt so small in my entire life," Mehserle said.

The trial continues Monday with testimony from Officer Pirone, who is still in
arbitration over his firing from the BART force over that night.

Contact Malaika Fraley at 925-234-1684. Follow her at Twitter.com/malaikafraley
.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 757 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            March 20, 2013 Wednesday

Confirmation of grants: What you need to know

LENGTH: 404  words


This week, we continue our discussion on grants. If you recall, last week's
article explained the meaning of the terms grant of probate, which is given to a
person named in a will to administer a deceased's estate, and grant of letters
of representation, given to the kin of a deceased person to administer that
estate where a person dies having not left a will.

Here is more information that you will find helpful.

Once I am given letters of administration, can I transfer the property of the
deceased to the beneficiaries?

It is important to understand that once a grant of probate or a grant of letters
of administration is issued, those holding the respective grants do not have the
powers to distribute the assets of the deceased person's estate. For the holder
of any grant of representation to be able to distribute the assets of the
deceased, they must approach the court for what is known as confirmation of
grant.

The Law of Succession Act provides that once six months have elapsed after the
issuing of any grant of representation for the estate of a deceased person, then
the holder of the grant should apply to the court for confirmation of the grant
to empower such a person to distribute the capital assets of the deceased
estate.

What does the court consider before it confirms the grant?

For the court to confirm any grant of representation, it must be satisfied that
the grant was rightfully issued to you and that you are administering the estate
of the deceased according to the law.

If the court is dissatisfied with your administration of the estate of the
deceased, or is unhappy with the manner in which the grant was obtained, the
court can do either of the following:

Issue and confirm grant to another person (s) as per the order of priority given
in the Law of Succession Act. That is: the spouse (s) or the deceased's parents,
stepparents, grandparents, grandchildren, or step children;
Order you to transfer to the new holder of the confirmed grant all the assets of
the estate in your hands or control, or
Postpone the confirmation of the grant until determination of any arising
disputes.

In cases where there is a valid will, the court will issue a certificate of
confirmation of grant.

What does the confirmed grant say?

It says that the grant has been confirmed and it shows what should be
transferred to whom.

Send your questions to our experts on children's rights and family law to
musyimilaw@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 758 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            December 2, 1986 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

A FORTUNE FOR GRANT'S DAUGHTER

BYLINE: Source: Reuter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 376 words


LOS ANGELES, Monday: Cary Grant, who died of a stroke on Saturday night, left
the bulk of a fortune estimated as high as $US60 million ($A92.59 million) to
his only child, 20-year-old Jennifer Grant, friends said yesterday.

Grant, 82, known in Hollywood as a man careful with his money, provided well for
his fifth wife, a former British publicity agent, Barbara Harris -who, at 34,
was 48 years younger than Grant - but Jennifer became a multi-millionairess
overnight, friends said.

President Reagan, himself a former actor, said yesterday he and his wife Nancy
were "very saddened" by the death of Grant.

"He was one of the brightest stars in Hollywood and his elegance, wit and charm
will endure forever on film and in our hearts," Mr Reagan said.

Another actor to react to Grant's death was Charlton Heston.

"There was never an actor who could wear beautiful clothes, stand in beautiful
rooms and say such beautiful lines as Grant," Heston said. "And there never will
be."

The actor Stewart Granger said on television after Grant's death: "He was the
quintessential, romantic, suave, debonair, stylish leading man."

And Jack Lemmon added: "Whenever anyone tells me we have no royalty in
Hollywood, I say, 'remember Cary Grant'."

Grant, who had not made a film for 20 years but was still an idol of millions of
filmgoers, joined the boards of a series of companies in his retirement,
including the Faberge perfume company and Hollywood Park race track, and also
owned the rights to many of his pictures.

Jennifer Grant, a student who was very close to her father, was the daughter of
Grant's fourth wife, the actress Dyan Cannon.

"She is the most captivating girl I know and I have known quite a few,"Grant
said of his daughter. He had told many friends she would be his main benefactor.

Grant, born Archie Leach of poor parents in Bristol, south-west England, died
with his wife at his bedside. "There was nothing further that could be done," a
cardiologist, Dr James Gilson, who treated Grant, said.

The Times of London obituary for Grant ran across three columns, headed:
"Ageless charmer with infallible comic touch."

Grant was called "the greatest screen charmer of them all", by London's Daily
Express, which wrote: "It is like saying goodbye to Prince Charming."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Cary Grant is wheeled out of the Blackhawk Hotel to be taken to
hospital on Saturday. With him is his wife, Barbara Harris. Grant died about two
hours later.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1986 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 759 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

Grant Co. awarded historical grant for courthouse work

BYLINE: Chris Reinoos, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


Jan. 24--On Dec. 13, 2013, Grant County was awarded a $222,000 grant by the
Minnesota Historical Society. The grant funds will be used to conserve and
preserve the interior decorative elements of the historic Grant County
Courthouse.

Grant County intends to conserve, preserve and reproduce the interior decorative
elements of the historic Grant County Courthouse. The interior elements include
painted decorative elements (stencils, cornices, medallions, murals, etc.); the
rotunda art glass skylight; original opera chairs in the courtroom; and original
golden oak woodwork throughout the building. The Minnesota Historical and
Cultural Heritage grant will be used to hire a professional preservationist for
the cleaning, conservation, preservation and/or reproduction of the interior
elements.

"We are very grateful and appreciative that the Minnesota Historical Society
would consider the Grant County Courthouse Historic Interior Decorative Elements
a worthwhile historical investment," said Jim Standish, County Coordinator.

Recently, Grant County invested $4.4 million dollars on the renovation of the
courthouse including a geothermal heating and cooling system, roofing, windows
and structural reinforcements in order to preserve the majestic historical
building.

"We've put a lot of time and effort into investigating and reviewing all the
decorative elements of the courthouse," Standish said.

The Minnesota Historical and Cultural Heritage grant is made possible by the
Arts and Cultural Heritage Fund through the vote of Minnesotans on Nov. 4, 2008
as administered by the Minnesota Historical Society.

Preserving the courthouse was important to the identity of Grant County,
according to Standish.

"It's a very majestic building," he said. "It's basically the only monument to
speak of in the county."

Grant County also received a $90,000 grant by The Jeffris Family Foundation of
Janesville, Wis., which is dedicated to the Midwest's cultural history and
heritage through preserving regionally and nationally important historic
buildings and decorative arts projects.

The project will be completed by a professional preservationist for the
cleaning, conservation, preservation and/or reproduction of the interior
decorative elements.

The project is planned to be initiated mid to late spring, with a completion
date of about twelve months.

"The Grant County citizens are very proud of our historic Grant County
Courthouse and this project will complete the final preservation and
conservation phase," Standish said.

___ (c)2014 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140124-1FF-Grant-Co-awarded-historical-grant
-for-courthouse-work-0124-20140124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2014 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                          FOCUS - 760 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

Mehserle: Former BART officer breaks down on the witness stand

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley Oakland Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Former BART police Officer Johannes Mehserle broke down on the
witness stand at a civil trial Friday as he described fatally shooting Oscar
Grant III at the Fruitvale station on New Year's Day 2009.

On point with his criminal trial testimony that led up to his involuntary
manslaughter conviction in 2010, Mehserle said he had been intending to use a
Taser on Grant and was shocked when he realized he had shot the 22-year-old
Hayward man lying on his stomach.

Mehserle said he was straddling Grant and trying to get a hold of his right hand
when Grant made a digging motion, making him think that Grant could be reaching
for a gun. Mehserle stood up, shouted that he was going to use his Taser on
Grant, and fired. Mehserle said he didn't know he had fired his gun until he saw
the weapon in his hand and the bullet hole in Grant's back.

"I was thinking, 'Oh, (expletive),' not understanding how this happened, why it
happened," Mehserle, 32, said. "I felt terrible for Mr. Grant. I felt sick."

Oscar Grant Jr., Grant III's father, brought a civil rights lawsuit against
Mehserle in which he is seeking monetary damages for the loss of a familial
relationship. Grant Jr. was in prison his son's whole life for an 1985 Oakland
murder. He is still serving his sentence but is attending the current trial
under the watch of correctional officers.

The 10-person jury will also be tasked to decide on an excessive force claim
brought against BART Officer Marisol Domenici by Zeporia Smith, on behalf of her
deceased son Johntue Caldwell. Caldwell was among Grant's best friends who were
detained early that morning alongside Grant by officers who were investigating a
report of a fight on a train involving black men in black clothing. Caldwell,
25, was fatally shot in an unrelated gas station shooting in Hayward in 2011.

Attorney Waukeen McCoy, representing Grant Jr., aggressively questioned Mehserle
on Friday to raise doubt as to whether Mehserle meant to reach for his Taser.
Mehserle had no confusion during the two times he brandished his Taser to Grant
III and his friends before the shooting, McCoy said, and it was clear that the
Taser's pointing red light wasn't aimed on Grant III before Mehserle pulled the
trigger.

Mehserle said he was trying to deploy his Taser as fast as possible because
Grant posed a threat, while McCoy said that Grant was clearly not a threat as he
was subdued on his stomach with Mehserle on his back and the lead officer, Tony
Pirone, with his knee in Grant's neck.

"You thought he wanted to record the brutality that you and Officer Pirone were
doing, correct?" McCoy asked.

Mehserle said that although he had ordered Grant III to put his cellphone away,
he was not angry at Grant III and didn't know Grant III had taken a picture of
him during the detainment until after the fact.

The shooting and the events leading up to the incident was caught on cellphone
cameras by people at the crowded station, sparked protests and riots, and
inspired the Hollywood film "Fruitvale Station."

Mehserle on Friday recalled the shouts of outrage directed at him after he fired
the gun.

"I have never felt so small in my entire life," Mehserle said.

The trial continues Monday with testimony from Pirone, who is still in
arbitration over his firing from the BART force over that night.

Contact Malaika Fraley at 925-234-1684.

Follow her at Twitter.com/malaikafraley .

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 761 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Grant Strategies , LLC

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.grantstrategies.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   If your organization is looking for a grant writer or contract proposal
writer, Grant Strategies, LLC, provides grant writing and contract proposal
writing for government, non-profits, schools, and businesses nationwide. Grant
Strategies writes government grants, faith-based grants, foundation grants,
corporate giving grants, as well as SBIR grants for small businesses, plus STTR
and other business contract proposals.  Consulting with a highly skilled grant
writer or contract proposal writer is an investment in your organization's
future. It pays to consult with a seasoned grant writer or contract proposal
writer. Why risk the odds by using a novice, or staff members that lack the time
and sufficient training in grant writing and contract proposal writing? Forget
about all of the grant writing books and grant writing seminars - they will not
produce the results for you that only a seasoned grant writer is capable of
accomplishing. Instead, let Grant Strategies position your organization and make
your best case to substantially increase the odds for grant proposal funding and
contract proposal awards. Even if your organization has had difficulty, or no
success in securing funding, Grant Strategies is ready to work with you to a
make a difference in your grant writing or contract proposal writing efforts.
Your organization will benefit greatly by developing a working relationship with
a professional grant writer and we are pleased you have found us online. Grant
Strategies has

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 762 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday
                          Worcester TheBanner Edition

Volunteer grant writer wanted

BYLINE: Banner Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 4

LENGTH: 474 words


WEST BOYLSTON - The town is looking for a volunteer grant writer.

At last week's selectmen's meeting, Town Administrator Anita Scheipers said a
grant writer would help the town take advantage of the grants available.

The grant writer would be appointed by the town administrator for a one-year
term, running from July 1 to June 30, and would work with each department to
identify appropriate grants, gather necessary documentation and write grant
proposals. The writer would also report to the town administrator.

Selectmen were supportive of the idea, asking what Scheipers would do if more
than one person applied for the position.

"We will deal with that situation if it comes up. I would divide the work among
the volunteers, assigning specific departments to each person," she said. "That
would be a good problem to have," she added.

Selectman Barur Rajeshkumar asked why the term was just one year.

"Volunteers will commit to a specific time period," Scheipers said, noting that
people are often wary of indefinite time commitments.

The board unanimously approved the search.

The job description released by Scheipers includes the following qualifications:

n Strong computer skills to enable online research of available granting
agencies and grant program specifcs, as well as to submit online applications
and related attachments.

n Good communication skills to interact with stakeholder departments or
committees.

n Excellent writng skills to effectively present concise and appropriately
detailed grant requests.

The grant writer would be charged to:

n Meet with departments and key town committees to identify areas of funding
need. Note: Many departments currently handle their own standard annual grants,
and the grant writer is intended to assist with this process if requested by the
department or committee, or to work to research and apply for other grants not
currently handled by the stakeholder group.

n Research possible funding programs specific to identify departmental or
committee needs.

n Identify key submittal requirements and grant submittal deadlines.

n Collaborate with departments or committee chairs to gather specific data and
rationale needed to develop a strong and effective grant application.

n Seek letters of support or other required attachments to augment and
strengthen the grant applications.

n Track progress of all grant submittals.

n Notify the department or committee of grant funding outcome.

n  If grants are awarded, work with the department or committee to prepare any
funding paperwork such as state contracts, and to prepare and submit any grant
administrative reports during the term of the funding.

n  Track all proposed, pending and awarded grant programs by department.

Interested persons should submit a resume and cover letter to
AScheipers@westboylston-ma.gov The deadline to submit applications is Sept. 2.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 763 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Lankford Introduces Federal Grant Transparency Bill

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator James Lankford has issued the following news
release:



 Senator James Lankford (R-OK) has introduced the Grant Reform and New
Transparency (GRANT) Act, S. 2972, to provide more transparency and
accountability in the federal grant process. In 2015, federal agencies awarded
$617 billion in grants com ared to $439 billion in contracts, yet the grant
process lacks a consistent system for transparency, oversight or feedback to
organizations that were not awarded federal dollars. The GRANT Act would reform
the current process to promote transparency in award decisions, improve the
applicant vetting process and prevent duplication in grant awards.





 "Currently, federal agencies are in control of billions of taxpayer dollars
with the freedom to award discretionary, com etitive grants, but they are not
required to make their selection process transparent. You cannot solve
government duplication, waste and our national debt without confronting the
closed federal grant process," said Lankford. "The GRANT Act encourages federal
agencies to be more open about each grant opportunity from the application
through the com letion of the program. The parameters set in this bill will help
reduce spending through the elimination of red tape, remove duplication of grant
programs and provide greater accountability."



 The GRANT Act would require each federal agency to post on their website the
solicitation timeline to identify potential grant opportunities expected for the
upcom ng year. Specifically, the bill would add measures that would improve the
com etitive grant-making process and promote transparency and:



     Require agencies to ensure grantees have the necessary financial systems in
place and are capable to fulfill the requirements of the grant;

     Encourage agencies to utilize a text-sensitive search in the pre-award
process to create awareness of awards from other agencies to avoid unnecessary
duplication;

     Promote transparency and open decision-making to provide applicants not
awarded grants valued at more than $100,000 the opportunity for a debrief in
which the agency will inform the organization about its decision to not award
the grant;

     Promote a diverse set of grant applicants and awardees.



 In 2015, Lankford released a report entitled "Federal Fumbles: 100 ways the
government dropped the ball." The report lists $105 billion in wasteful federal
spending and about $800 billion in negative regulatory impact to the economy.
Eighteen of the 100 examples of waste in the report are federal government grant
programs.



 On Wednesday, May 25, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and
Governmental Affairs will hold a business meeting to consider the bill.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 764 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 16, 2012 Monday

Critics claim city missing out on millions of dollars in federal grant money

BYLINE: Russ McQuaid, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


April 16--Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry loaned a grant specialist to the
Department of Public Safety recently to help straighten out its books. Curry
said what the grant specialist found was shocking as millions of dollars in
federal grants to the city of Indianapolis have either been unsought or unspent.

"Which according to our grant person is a significant problem both in terms of
spending down existing grant money and secondly perhaps being an obstacle to
renewing those sort of grants in the future," Curry told the Criminal Justice
Planning Council. "The thinking being that if you've not spent down at this
point, why do you need the additional money?"

Public Safety Director Frank Straub has announced his department is $15 million
in debt just three months into the budget year leading to threats of literally
shutting off the lights at some IMPD districts. Marion County Sheriff John
Layton said his budget is approximately $16 million in the red, much of it due
to unfunded inmate medical costs. The planning council, upon which Straub and
Mayor Greg Ballard both sit, tackled the question of federal public safety
grants.

"This city and county is eligible for federal money in the millions and millions
of dollars," said county clerk Beth White, a democrat. "We have spread sheets
that show that there has been mismanagement, requests for extensions, there has
been funding not spent, we have had grants no applied for, we have been denied
grant funding because we can't get our act together."

Since Straub and Ballard did not attend the meeting, White said she can't
estimate how much federal grant money is in jeopardy.

"If the mayor had been here and the public safety director had been here I would
have liked to have heard from them about what their plan is."

City Controller Jeff Spalding, representing the mayor, told the council that the
department of public safety no longer has a grants specialist and the city's
grants office has lost four employees, cutting its staff in half.

"I would say right now we are struggling as many units of government have been
through the recent economic downturn dealing with staffing issues, support
staffing issues, for grants and grants administration.

"With the limited grants staffing that we have both in the departments and
centrally we probably have missed out on some grants that might have otherwise
been available to us."

City officials said that they have been successful in requesting extensions to
expiring grants while facing an end of April deadline to spend money left in
grants dating back to 2007 and 2008.

"These granting agencies at the federal government in particular look at that
and say, 'You must really not need the money if you can't spend it in a
reasonable time with a plan and buy things that you say you need,'" said White,
"including, by the way, equipment for our police officers, vehicles for our
police officers. Of course, it's a concern and, of course, we need answers and
what I heard today were no answers.

"We need answers. Our community's safety is at stake."

Wednesday afternoon Straub faces a likely contentions confirmation hearing
before the city county council's public safety committee where he again will be
grilled about his plans to cut his department's deficit.

___ (c)2012 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120416-5IN-Critics-claim-city-missing-out-on-millions-of-dollars-in-federal-
grant-money-0416-20120416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2012 WXIN-TV


                          FOCUS - 765 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2008 Saturday

Students to prepare grant for submission during class

BYLINE: Keith Purtell, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


Aug. 23--An upcoming grant writing course is structured to help students
complete a grant, ready to submit by the time the course is done.

Hosted by Muskogee Nonprofit Resource Center, Foundations of Grant Development
is a grant recipient so that local people who sign up will pay far less than
full cost.

Kristin Hamm, director of membership services, said the course allows plenty of
time for each step.

"One of the unique things about the way this course is structured is that it is
a four-part series of four hours each," she said. "Between each is a two-week
period where they can do homework, come back and discuss how that went with
their peers and the instructor."

One important aspect will be choosing the best grant in the first place.

"Additionally, there will be information finding an appropriate grant so that
you have a greater chance of success from the outset," Hamm said. "Even for
seasoned grant writers, things have changed. Many grant sources are looking for
outcome measurement, including private, corporate and federal."

Hamm said grant writing is valuable to a wide variety of organizations.

"There isn't anybody it shouldn't be important to," she said. "Education, city
government and nonprofit organizations, all of those things are potential
recipients if somebody out there is pursuing it. They can either acquire grant
writing skills or brush up."

Hamm said grant writing was used to offer the course at less than half price.

"Being a 501(c)(3), we were able to go out and get grant funding to underwrite
this cost down to $150 for members and $240 for non-members," she said. "When
this was last offered in Oklahoma City, it cost $700 per person. This course is
not an overview; it is very comprehensive and has a very solid foundation."

The series was developed by Krista Schumacher, a grants professional with a
decade of federal, state and foundation grant development experience. She has
secured funding for higher education, K-12 programs and nonprofit organizations.
Schumacher and the Muskogee Nonprofit staff will guide and support students
through the process.

Participants are asked to bring an idea for a project needing funding. All
hands-on activities will be focused on developing a grant outline for these
projects. The goal of this series is for all participants to identify and
complete a grant request appropriate to their funding needs. At completion of
the series, all participants should have a finished grant proposal ready for
submission.

If you go

WHAT: Foundations of Grant Development.

WHERE: All sessions will be held at Northeastern State University, Muskogee
campus, 24th Street and West Shawnee Bypass, Synar Center Room 219. Designated
visitor parking available in the north parking lot.

WHEN:

--9 a.m.-1 p.m., Aug. 27.

--9 a.m.-1 p.m., Sept. 10.

--9 a.m.-1 p.m., Sept. 24.

--Final session to be announced.

ADMISSION: Members: $150 per person; non-members: $240 per person.

ETC.: Pre-registration is required for all participants. Class size is limited.
Registrations will be accepted on a first-received, first-enrolled basis.

INFORMATION: 683-4600.

Reach Keith Purtell at 918-684-2925 or Click Here to Send Email

To see more of the Muskogee Phoenix or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.muskogeephoenix.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080823-XK-Students-to-prepare-grant-for-submission-during-class-0823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 766 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Students still have time to apply for a college grant

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 497 words


Leaving Cert students who hope to go on to third level but have not applied for
a grant may still have the option to do so.

Student Universal Support Ireland (Susi), the grants awarding body, said
yesterday it would continue to accept applications, but the sooner students
applied the sooner a decision on grant applications would be made. Students do
not need to have accepted a college place to apply for a grant, but can check
www.susi.ie to see if they are eligible.

Susi has come in for criticism regularly over the past year for the late
processing of applications, and many students finished the academic year without
knowing whether their grant applications were successful.

PaymentThe earliest a grant payment can be made is the end of October, when
registered students are confirmed by colleges. Registration fees are paid
directly to colleges, so students can attend when they have grant approval,
while maintenance grants are paid directly into students' bank accounts.

After application and initial assessment, documents are requested from students
- Susi said there would be less red tape this year, with fewer documents needed
because of data-sharing between Susi and Government departments.

The grants body claims that if correct documents are sent straightaway, the
process could take about 12 weeks; it also said students could expect to hear
sooner if their grant had been approved. More information at www.susi.ie; the
helpline number is 0761-087874; email: support@susi.ie

Leaving Cert students who hope to go on to third level but have not applied for
a grant may still have the option to do so.

Student Universal Support Ireland (Susi), the grants awarding body, said
yesterday it would continue to accept applications, but the sooner students
applied the sooner a decision on grant applications would be made. Students do
not need to have accepted a college place to apply for a grant, but can check
www.susi.ie to see if they are eligible.

Susi has come in for criticism regularly over the past year for the late
processing of applications, and many students finished the academic year without
knowing whether their grant applications were successful.

PaymentThe earliest a grant payment can be made is the end of October, when
registered students are confirmed by colleges. Registration fees are paid
directly to colleges, so students can attend when they have grant approval,
while maintenance grants are paid directly into students' bank accounts.

After application and initial assessment, documents are requested from students
- Susi said there would be less red tape this year, with fewer documents needed
because of data-sharing between Susi and Government departments.

The grants body claims that if correct documents are sent straightaway, the
process could take about 12 weeks; it also said students could expect to hear
sooner if their grant had been approved. More information at www.susi.ie; the
helpline number is 0761-087874; email: support@susi.ie

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 767 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Dlamini defends payout of social grants

BYLINE:  Siyabonga Mkhwanazi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 375 words


Social Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini has defended the R130 billion
given out in social grants, saying grants are not a luxury.

She said grants provided cover and protection to the poor and vulnerable groups.

Dlamini, who was briefing the media in Parliament yesterday post-her budget
vote, said critics of the grants should consider the social factors pushing the
state to get more people on the social security net.

The budget for social grants was R130bn for 16.1 million people.

Critics argued that the system was not sustainable because of low economic
growth, poor jobs and lack of skilled labour.

This has had unintended consequences of creating a nation dependent on social
grants.

The economy was growing at less then 2 percent despite the government pushing
for 5 percent in five years.

Ratings agency Moody's said the economy would not achieve 3 percent growth in
the next two years while the National Treasury has projected 2 percent growth
this year.

Dlamini's special adviser Zane Dangor said there should be no outcry on the
number of people on grants because this was not a dole system, where government
supported able-bodied unemployed people. "We only spend 3 percent of our GDP on
social grants, which is not huge," said Dangor.

He said despite the projection of low economic growth the social grant system
remained sustainable.

South Africa has been shown by studies to be one of the best performers on
social grants.

Child support grants, which take up a huge chunk of the social grants of R130bn,
has grown from 100 000 in 1994 to 11 million beneficiaries.

The other categories of grants beneficiaries are the elderly, who constitute 3.1
million people. The rest are disability grants, foster care grants, military
veterans and care dependency grants.

Dlamini said it was wrong to suggest that grants were a luxury.

"If you look at the number of children that are grant recipients, it shows that
we are taking families out of the cycle of poverty. Our children do go to school
and they take a meal a day," she said.

The Department of Social Development also clarified that its policy on new
beneficiaries of social grants was still being finalised.

It has been proposed to raise the age limit of child support grants from 18 to
21 years.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 768 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                              May 25, 2012 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Almost 11 million children receive grants, which 'reduce poverty by 37.5%'

BYLINE:  Kwanele Butana

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 464 words


MORE than half of SA's children receive child support grants, up dramatically
from 70 000 in 1998 to nearly 11 million. According to the UCT-based Children's
Institute, there were more than 18 million children in SA in 2010.

Addressing the Child Support Grant Impact Assessment Report launch in Gugulethu
yesterday, Social Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini said: "Guided by the
constitutional requirement of progressive realisation of the right to access to
social security, the government steadily ensured that all children up to the age
of 18 are brought into the social grants system."

This financial year's allocation for social grants is less than 3.5 percent of
gross domestic product, and Dlamini said the grant programme would receive less
than 1.5 percent of this.

The government was planning to spend about R105 billion in this financial year
to provide for all its social grants.

The child support grant is the largest of the country's social cash transfer
programmes. The assessment report showed that children who received the grant
from birth had strong human capabilities and grew up with a lower risk of being
trapped in poverty. The study also found that access to the grant could break
the inter-generational transmission of poverty.

Other impacts of the grant include:

l Early access to the grant reduced the likelihood of the child becoming ill.

l Receipt of the grant reduced adolescent absences from school.

l Receipt of the grant reduced significantly risky behaviours such as sexual
activity, pregnancy, alcohol and drug use as well as criminal activity.

The study, commissioned by the Department of Social Development, Unicef and the
SA Social Security Agency, was undertaken by a group of international experts
co-ordinated by the Economic Policy Research Institute.

The institute's director of research, Dr Michael Samson, said the child support
grant had reduced poverty by 37.5 percent. Social grants reduced inequality
substantially and the child support grant addressed historical legacies of
disadvantage. "The impact of the unconditional child support grant in South
Africa is the same as that |of the conditional child support grant around the
world," said Samson.

In order to qualify for the grant, the applicant must be the primary care-giver
of the child or children on whose behalf the application is made. The applicant
and spouse must meet the requirements of the means test (wealth test) and cannot
apply for more than six non-biological children.

"In order to holistically tackle poverty we must complement the social grants
programme with the expansion of early childhood development services, the school
nutrition programme, targeted free education and access to comprehensive health
services to all children," Dlamini said.

kwanele.butana@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 769 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 19, 1998, Sunday

Pinellas Park tracking down grant violation

BYLINE: ANNE LINDBERG

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: PINELLAS PARK



(ran East, West, Beach)

For more than a year, administrators have been denying they knew the city  was
violating the terms of a federal grant that was designed to add police  officers
to Pinellas Park's community policing program.

Now, it appears some of them may have lied.

City Manager Jerry Mudd wants to find out who knew and when they knew it.  He
has given Pinellas Park's auditors two weeks to answer that question.

The issue of the COPS grant is a touchy one that goes back about four  years.
That's when Pinellas Park was awarded a $ 750,000 grant to enhance  community
policing.

The grant enabled the city to hire 10 new police officers. But rather than  hire
all 10, Pinellas Park hired two and used the remainder of the money to  pay
eight officers who had been hired shortly before the grant was awarded.

Federal auditors ruled in spring 1997 that the city had violated the terms  of
the grant because it had not hired 10 new officers. Using the money for the
eight it already had, the auditors said, amounted to "supplanting" or
substituting federal money for state funds that were already being spent.

Pinellas Park argued the issue for about a year, then officials decided  they
could not fight the federal government. They sent the federal government  a
check for $ 358,418 to repay the money they had misused.

While the argument with federal officials dragged on, administrators were
broadcasting their good intentions with regard to the grant money and denying
that they had any idea the grant was being violated.

Then, last week, Mudd met for the first time with representatives of Grant
Thornton Accountants and Management Consultants of Tampa, the company that
audits the city's books.

Mudd asked about the COPS grant during the meeting.

In a July 16 letter to Grant Thornton, he described the conversation this  way:

"At Tuesday's meeting I asked you if, in the course of your financial  audits
for the city, Grant Thornton had made the city aware, prior to the  federal
audit informing the city of the violation, that the city was in  violation of
the non-supplanting requirements of the grant.

"You indicated to me that Grant Thornton's auditors had discovered the  city was
in violation of the non-supplanting requirements of the COPS Phase I  grant well
in advance of the federal audits and that Grant Thornton had  informed the city
well in advance of the federal audits.

"The question I then asked you was, "Who at the city knew and when did  they
know of the situation?' You appeared to stammer and said, "Well, the  city.' I
then asked, "Who at the city?' and you responded, "The city.'

"I then pointed out that if Grant Thornton had not documented the  specifics of
this information, then Grant Thornton was not being responsible  to the city on
this issue. I then directed and you agreed to provide in a  letter to this
office within the next two weeks the answers to the questions  of who knew and
when they knew of the situation."

Mudd declined to discuss what might happen to any administrators who knew  about
the problems with the grant but who failed to correct the problems or to  later
admit that they had known.

The news that Mudd is delving into the matter was welcomed by at least one
citizen.

"I think it's important that the city clear this matter for once and for  all,"
said Alan Swartz, a Pinellas Park accountant. Swartz had called months  ago for
the administrators who were responsible for the debacle to be held  accountable.

Once those people are held responsible, Swartz said, "then let's get on  with
business."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 770 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Finance and Administration, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following news release:


Agency:  Department of Parks and Tourism
Office:  Arkansas State Parks
Section:  Outdoor Recreation Grants
Posting Expires:  09/13/2013
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING DESCRIPTION IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE APPLYING FOR THIS
POSITION. NOTE SALARY RANGE BELOW.

Grants Analyst (State Trails Coordinator)
Position #: 22092114
Salary: $32,249 - $38,000
Grade: C117
Location: Outdoor Recreation Grants Program, Arkansas State Parks, Little Rock,
AR

Closing

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 771 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Washington Times-Herald (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

Grants support special county services, day-to-day

BYLINE: Mike Grant, Washington Times-Herald, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 534 words


Dec. 04--Daviess County officials have accepted a handful of grants that help
support both special programs and day-to-day operations. The Daviess County
Commissioners during their last meeting accepted grants totaling $74,000. The
grants from both local and state sources went to support both the Daviess County
Sheriff's Department and the county health department.

"I'm trying to gather information and measure the impact of these grants," said
Daviess County Commissioner Nathan Gabhart. "I know some of these funds have
been available through different channels. In some cases the money comes back,
all you have to do is accept it."

For the sheriff's department, one of the grants came from the Department of
Natural Resources. The $16,000 marine grant is used by deputies to patrol
waterways in the county. Officials say they began the patrols after receiving
large numbers of complaints about reckless operations of both boats and personal
watercraft.

"We have received that one for years," said Sheriff Jerry Harbstreit. "It allows
us to work Boggs Lake and the Boggs property doing patrol work in the boat and
on the grounds."

The other grant accepted by the sheriff's department was for $6,000 from the
Local Coordinating Council for a Drug Free Daviess County. The LCC distributes
money accumulated through court fines. "We apply for equipment we need for drug
and alcohol cases," said Harbstreit. "This year we're asking for new
alco-sensors because ours are getting worn out."

For the Daviess County Health Department the grants are larger and officials say
they are more important.

"If we didn't receive these grants we would have to depend on the county for
even more funding or just not do some of the things we do," said Daviess County
Health Nurse Kathy Sullender.

One grant for the local health department totaled $33,000 and came from the
Indiana Department of Health. The grants are made available to all counties in
the state and the distribution is based on population. "We use this grant for
basic clinic supplies, some salaries, conference fees and travel," said
Sullender.

A second grant totaling $22,000 comes from the Indiana Local Health Department
Trust Account. The money comes from a trust established by the state from a
settlement with the tobacco companies many years ago. Daviess County uses that
money exclusively to help pay the salary of a public health educator.

"These grants are disbursed to every county in the state," said Sullender. "They
are automatic, but we have to prepare and present budgets that are accepted so
that we can receive the money. Preventing disease is our primary goal and these
grants help us do that. We are always looking for even more grant funding,
looking for ways that we can do more for less."

For the county commissioners the idea is to make certain the grants are used to
their maximum.

"I want to make sure we use the money wisely," said Gabhart. "We need to get the
most bang for our buck. We have to maximize our opportunities and make sure we
spend every dollar wisely."

___ (c)2015 Washington Times-Herald (Washington, Ind.) Visit Washington
Times-Herald (Washington, Ind.) at washtimesherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151204-WH-Grants
-support-special-county-services-day-to-day-1204-20151204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WH


                     Copyright 2015 Washington Times-Herald


                          FOCUS - 772 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                         The Chatfield News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 12, 2012

SEMAC Awards Arts Grants

BYLINE: The Chatfield News staff

LENGTH: 434  words


On Aug. 21, the Board of Directors of the Southeastern Minnesota Arts Council,
Inc. (SEMAC) awarded 28 grants for a total of $110,025 in funding to applicants
throughout southeastern Minnesota. This included 16 McKnight Individual Artist
Grants for $74,585, seven General Operating Support Grants to arts organizations
for $25,440, and five Artists in Education Grants for $10,000.

SEMAC is the State Arts Board-designated granting authority for local/regional
arts producing and sponsoring organizations and disburses funds allocated for
this purpose by the Minnesota State Legislature. The SEMAC region includes the
counties of Dodge, Fillmore, Freeborn, Goodhue, Houston, Mower, Olmsted, Rice,
Steele, Wabasha, and Winona. Local grants were awarded to each of the following
individuals and organizations, listed by county:

Fillmore County

Robbie Brokken received a $5,000 McKnight Established Artist grant for Wearable
Adornment from Keepsake Jewelry.

Paul Brokken received a $5,000 McKnight Established Artist grant for Body of
Work Inspired by the Caves of Smoo.

Olmsted County

Ivete de Castro received a $5,000 McKnight Established Artist grant for
Temperature of Colors Defines Vibrancy in Painting.

Angela Krueger received a $5,000 McKnight Established Artist grant for Tile
Making Technique Development Indoor/Outdoor Installation.

Dani Jordan received a $2,400 McKnight Emerging Artist grant to create a mural
at Rochester Community and Technical College.

HeeJune Shin received a $5,000 McKnight Established Artist grant for Landscape:
Light in the Moment.

Century High School received a $2,000 Artists in Education grant for John
Paulson Jazz Group Concert & Clinic.

Rochester Repertory Theatre received a $4,000 General Operating Support grant
for salaries for part-time staff and honoraria for directors.

Southeastern Minnesota Suzuki Association received a $4,000 General Operating
Support grant for operating funds for 2012-2013.

Winona County

Emilio DeGrazia received a $4,710 McKnight Established Artist grant for
Soundings, and the Graveyard of the Nuns.

Ken McCullough received a $5,000 McKnight Established Artist grant for Farming
the Ridge.

Hiawatha Valley Education District received a $2,000 Artists in Education grant
for Young Writers Conference.

Winona Senior High School received a $2,000 Artists in Education grant for Hard
Cover Book Residency.

For information about the grant application process, eligibility, or grant
writing assistance, contact the SEMAC office at 2778 D Commerce Dr NW,
Rochester, MN 55901 or call 507-281-4848.

Information may also be found on our Web site at www.semac.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Chatfield News


                          FOCUS - 773 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

City colleges struggleto survive for want of UGC funds;
Arts, commerce and science colleges in city haven't received grants from the
commission for the last one & a half years

BYLINE: Megha Bhatt

LENGTH: 569  words


Arts, commerce and science colleges in city haven't received grants from the
commission for the last one & a half years

Most of the arts, commerce and science colleges of the city have not received
their due grants from the University Commission Grant (UGC) for the last one and
a half years. The grants are allotted under the clause of 'general development
of colleges' under the XIIth plan (2012-2017).

The colleges, however, did receive the first installment of the grant on the
basis of XIth plan in March 2014. They have settled the accounts of XIth plan
and also received 'No Objection Certificate (NOC)'. However, the grant for the
XIIth plan continues to elude them.

Grants fund college facilities

The grants help colleges to buy books, journals, laboratory equipments, study
tools, computers, scanners, projectors and more. It also helps develop
infrastructure for the colleges.

Sources from the colleges said, "The colleges have already sent the proposal of
XIIth plan however we have yet to receive a response from the UGC. It also
indicates that the colleges will have to face the loss of grants as three years
have already lapsed."

Science colleges are worst sufferers

The source continued, 'The grant-in-aid colleges get negligible grants by the
state. Therefore they feel the financial strain much more than their counterpart
government colleges."

The grant-in-aid colleges suffer more because they get negligible aid from the
state governments. The UGC grants basically keep the colleges updated and
running. For government colleges non availability of UGC fund still doesn't
curtail their growth and functioning as much because the state government
provides ample funds to them.

They further said, "There are no other financial sources for these colleges. It
is a huge amount that colleges cannot manage." It also affects the programmes of
the colleges. The science colleges are the worst sufferers. They need
well-equipped laboratories for result-oriented practical classes. It will also
hamper the colleges' effort towards remedial classes.

Fee structures can't sustain grant-in-aid colleges

Sources on conditions of anonymity said, "The grant-in-aid colleges hardly earn
from fees. There is also a buzz that a few trusts are planning to shut the shop
as they cannot afford to run the colleges. The laboratory peon and assistant are
also not recruited by the government. Hence, the management has to shell out
reasonable amount for their employment."

Secretary general of Gujarat State College Principal Association, professor SM
Iyer says, "We have received the first installment of the grants but without any
specifications of heads under which we can spend them. So, it creates problem on
how to utilise the grants. Due to lack of funds, we cannot start new courses."

Principal Dr BK Jain of MG Science Institute said, "We received only 40% of
grants of the first installments on the basis of XIth plan. After that, we have
not received any grants."

Principal Subhash Brahmbhatt of HK Arts College said, "For the last one and half
years, our library bills are pending. The purchase of different equipments is
also pending. We take the material on credit and say we will pay when the UGC
pays us. This shows that colleges are losing credibility in the market." When
dna contacted UGC authorities through mail, there was no response from their end
on the matter.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 774 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22111265

LENGTH: 1006  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  08/27/2014
Posting Expires:  09/10/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Five years experience with Microsoft Excel. Collectively, five years' experience
in the following areas: Accounts Payable or Accounts Receivable, budgets,
grants, or contracts. Five years' experience with state government accounting
functions in the areas of purchasing and procurement. Five years' experience
with the AASIS (SAP) system in the financial modules.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Youth Services

Hiring Official
Janet Young

Special Work Condition
Must be able to lift 40 pounds.

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22111265
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 775 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22111265

LENGTH: 1006  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  08/27/2014
Posting Expires:  09/10/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Five years experience with Microsoft Excel. Collectively, five years' experience
in the following areas: Accounts Payable or Accounts Receivable, budgets,
grants, or contracts. Five years' experience with state government accounting
functions in the areas of purchasing and procurement. Five years' experience
with the AASIS (SAP) system in the financial modules.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Youth Services

Hiring Official
Janet Young

Special Work Condition
Must be able to lift 40 pounds.

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22111265
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 776 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Grants easing city's bottomline

BYLINE: Michael Anderson, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


July 12--The West Burlington Fire Department is putting a large dent in its
expenses with grant funds, the latest of which is a $523,430 FEMA Staffing for
Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant to be paid out over four years at no
cost to the city.

Part of the grant's funds will be used to increase the wages of the fire
department's 10 officers and 29 firefighters. Roughly $40,095 in hourly pay
increases will be spread out among the officers and $37,800 will be distributed
amongst the firefighters.

The rest of the funds will pay for mileage costs, training class reimbursement,
personal protective gear for new firefighters, and a higher education stipend
for the costs of department members looking to attend college.

"One thing that I want to make perfectly clear is that the fire chief gets no
benefits from this grant whatsoever. Not one dime," Fire Chief Mike Heim said.

The next step in the process is for FEMA to look over and approve how the fire
department would like to distribute the funds. After that, the grant will appear
before the West Burlington City Council as a resolution to be discussed and
approved at their behest.

For the past 21 months, Heim has worked with several members within the fire
department on a grant committee designed to track down and apply for grant
funds.

That committee is made up of firefighters Skylar Limkemann, Mike Steward and
Shawn Ryan.

In that 21 months, Heim and the grant committee have raised $595,130 in grant
funds for the fire department at the cost of $914 to the city.

"That's awesome," council woman Therese Lees said of the SAFER grant.

Heim agreed, saying it's a priority of his to increase the fire department's
funds with minimal impact to the city.

"I think the guys and myself are busting our humps to get this department up
where it needs to be, and we're using as much grant money as we can get," Heim
said.

In addition to the SAFER grant, the grant committee has $1.7 million in other
grants on file and awaiting approval. Heim expects $900,000 from an Assistance
to Firefighters Grant as well as $300,000 from a fire prevention grant.

A $4,000 Eagle grant will pay for the department's new automated external
defibrillators, and on Aug. 15, insurance company FM Global will give the fire
department $2,500 to be used for training materials.

___ (c)2012 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120712-QW-Grants-easing-city-s-bottomline-0712-20120712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2012 The Hawk Eye


                          FOCUS - 777 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Grants easing city's bottomline

BYLINE: Michael Anderson, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


July 12--The West Burlington Fire Department is putting a large dent in its
expenses with grant funds, the latest of which is a $523,430 FEMA Staffing for
Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant to be paid out over four years at no
cost to the city.

Part of the grant's funds will be used to increase the wages of the fire
department's 10 officers and 29 firefighters. Roughly $40,095 in hourly pay
increases will be spread out among the officers and $37,800 will be distributed
amongst the firefighters.

The rest of the funds will pay for mileage costs, training class reimbursement,
personal protective gear for new firefighters, and a higher education stipend
for the costs of department members looking to attend college.

"One thing that I want to make perfectly clear is that the fire chief gets no
benefits from this grant whatsoever. Not one dime," Fire Chief Mike Heim said.

Advertisement

The next step in the process is for FEMA to look over and approve how the fire
department would like to distribute the funds. After that, the grant will appear
before the West Burlington City Council as a resolution to be discussed and
approved at their behest.

For the past 21 months, Heim has worked with several members within the fire
department on a grant committee designed to track down and apply for grant
funds.

That committee is made up of firefighters Skylar Limkemann, Mike Steward and
Shawn Ryan.

In that 21 months, Heim and the grant committee have raised $595,130 in grant
funds for the fire department at the cost of $914 to the city.

"That's awesome," council woman Therese Lees said of the SAFER grant.

Heim agreed, saying it's a priority of his to increase the fire department's
funds with minimal impact to the city.

"I think the guys and myself are busting our humps to get this department up
where it needs to be, and we're using as much grant money as we can get," Heim
said.

In addition to the SAFER grant, the grant committee has $1.7 million in other
grants on file and awaiting approval. Heim expects $900,000 from an Assistance
to Firefighters Grant as well as $300,000 from a fire prevention grant.

A $4,000 Eagle grant will pay for the department's new automated external
defibrillators, and on Aug. 15, insurance company FM Global will give the fire
department $2,500 to be used for training materials.

___ (c)2012 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120712-QW-Grants-easing-city-s-bottomline-0712-20120712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2012 The Hawk Eye


                          FOCUS - 778 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

Alteration and cancellation of grants

LENGTH: 436  words


Last week we took you through the process of confirmation of grant, which is
basically the authority from the court for the distribution of the assets of the
estate of the deceased to the entitled beneficiaries.

Today, we shall address the alteration and cancellation of grant - is it
possible, and do foreign grants have effect in Kenya?

1.  Can a grant be altered or cancelled?

Yes. The court can rectify a grant in case there are incorrect names or wrong
descriptions of time or place of the deceased's death. Such errors can be
amended before or after the confirmation of the grant.

A grant of representation, whether confirmed or not, may be cancelled by the
court or declared null upon the court's own volition or on the successful
application by an interested party in the following circumstances:

i. If the court is of the view that the grant was obtained fraudulently through
making a false statement, or the concealment of a material fact to the case.

ii. The court is dissatisfied with the court process that led to the obtaining
of the grant.

iii. If you as the holder of the grant have failed to apply for confirmation of
the grant within a year from the date it was issued to you, or to diligently
administer the estate of the deceased, or to produce to the court any account of
administration as is required.

iv. If the grant has become useless and non-operative through subsequent
circumstances.

2.  Can a grant issued in another country be valid in Kenya?

If a person dies abroad and he has property both in Kenya and in other
countries, it is possible for the grant issued in the foreign country to be used
for the property that is in Kenya. If the grant is issued by a court that has
jurisdiction to make decisions in family and probate matters in any Commonwealth
country, it can be sealed with the seal of our High Court, making it valid here.

However, before the High Court seals a foreign grant, it must be satisfied that
estate duty has been paid, sufficient evidence has been given to determine the
place where the deceased person permanently resided, and where the deceased
person was in debt, be satisfied that adequate security has been given to pay
any creditor residing in Kenya.

3.  What happens in a case where one does not have an original foreign grant but
wishes for a copy of the grant to take effect in Kenya?

In such a case, if you have a certified copy of the grant from any Commonwealth
country, then you can present it to the High Court for sealing. This way, it
will act as though it was an original grant. A certified copy means it has been
authenticated as a true copy of the original.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 779 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                            June 28, 2008, Saturday
                                 First Edition

Business grants

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 408 words


The Council is committed to encouraging innovation and supporting existing
companies that want to grow.

The Council is able to offer grants when funding allows, however, these schemes
are discretionary and may have restricted eligibility. The following grants are
offered by the Council.

Commercial Improvement Area Grant The grant assists with costs for external
building improvements. Environmental and internal improvements may also be
considered. All works must be within the curtilage of the property.

The property must be located within a designated Commercial/Industrial
Improvement Area.

Level of financial support: 50% of eligible costs up to a maximum grant of
pounds 15,000 Community and Prominent Buildings Grant The grant assists with
costs for external building improvements. Environmental and internal
improvements may also be considered. All works must be within the curtilage of
the property.

To be eligible the building will have some significant structural or community
feature or be in a prominent position.

Level of financial support: 50% of eligible costs up to a maximum grant of
pounds 15,000 Regeneration Grant The grant assists with costs for external
building improvements. Environmental and internal improvements may also be
considered. All works must be within the boundary of the property.

Level of financial support: 50% of eligible costs up to a maximum grant of
pounds 10,000 Business Start-up grant The grant programme assists small
businesses (who have not yet started trading) with their early set-up costs e.g.
funding towards initial outlay on equipment.

Applicants will be required to prepare a Business Plan with the guidance of a
Business Advisor.

Level of financial support: Grant of between pounds 500 and pounds 2000 - 50% of
eligible costs E-commerce Grant The grant assists businesses to gain or develop
an internet presence. Eligible items may include design of website and
registration of domain name.

Level of financial support: 50% of eligible costs up to a maximum grant of
pounds 2,000.

For further information or to apply for any of the grants listed please contact
the Business Support Team on 01443 665050 or Email:
invest@rhonddacynon-taff.gov.uk alternatively visit http://www.
rhondda-cynon-taf.gov.uk and follow the links to Business Support.

NB: Any purchases or works undertaken before any written Grant Approval from
Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough Council cannot be considered for grant
purposes.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 780 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                               May 2, 2005 Monday

Don't further shortchange students at public colleges

BYLINE: AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 416 words


The Legislature must start treating Texas public university students as well as
it does private college students when it comes to financial aid.

Students who receive financial aid grants from state programs must jump higher
academic hurdles if they attend public universities than if they attend private
ones. The state's main grant programs are the TEXAS grants for public colleges
and the Tuition Equalization Grant program for students attending private
schools.

State Sen. Rodney Ellis, D-Houston, is rightly pushing to level that playing
field. The Legislature needs to address the inequities in the programs and, at
the very least, maintain the current level of financing for the TEXAS grant
programs even if that means cutting the grants for private colleges.

The equalization grant program serves an important purpose. Private colleges and
universities, ranging from the academically elite to religious and specialty
schools, are vital to the state's mix of higher education institutions. But
Texas' public institutions educate 10 times the number of students. State grants
for needy students should reflect that reality.

Since 2000, the state has awarded nearly as much money in need-based tuition
grants to students attending private colleges ($513.3 million) as it has to
TEXAS grant students attending public schools ($558.6 million). In these tight
budget times, the Legislature is considering cutting the TEXAS grant program. It
could avoid that by diverting a portion of the Tuition Equalization Grant
funding to TEXAS grants. That makes economic sense, considering enrollment
figures.

There are other inequities, too. To receive TEXAS grants, public school students
must take nine credit hours per semester; private school students who get
equalization grants are required to take only six credit hours. State law
requires TEXAS grant students to maintain a 2.5 grade point average, but there
is no similar requirement for equalization grant recipients.

There shouldn't be lower standards for private than public college students.
Also, students who chose private schools can, and in some cases do, get both
types of need-based grants. But TEXAS grant recipients are not eligible for
Tuition Equalization Grants.

It's very short-sighted to cut the state's most successful tool for helping
needy students pay for college.

Those students are the potential scientists, teachers, computer engineers,
nurses, entrepreneurs and inventors the state will need to keep its economy
vital.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                          FOCUS - 781 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 28, 2005 Friday
              F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition; F3 Edition

County to allow bigger, fewer grants

BYLINE: Lisa Smith, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 237 words


The competition will be tougher but the payoff bigger.

That's the message Kane County officials have for municipalities applying for
the county's 2005 Small Cities grant program, which uses riverboat gambling
funds to support economic development projects.

The county will now offer just two grants of no more than $25,000 each, Kane
County Economic Development Advisory Board chairman Ian Lamp announced at a
grant forum Thursday morning.

"We're asking you to think big," said Don Wolfe, vice chairman of the county
board and the board's economic development liaison.

Last year the county doled out five grants ranging from $5,000 to $15,000 each.
The grants totaled $52,000.

The villages of Huntley, Montgomery, Sugar Grove and Virgil used the grants to
create development plans. Hampshire used its grant to build a Web site.

The matching grants are limited to Kane County communities with populations of
50,000 or less. Projects should follow the guidelines in Kane County's 2030 land
use plan, which emphasizes mixed land uses, walkable neighborhoods, open space
preservation and a range of housing options.

Grant applications are due Dec. 19. The eight-member Kane County Economic
Development Advisory Board, soon to grow to 16 members, is scheduled to review
the applications Jan. 25 and make recommendations to the Kane County Board.

The county board is slated to award the grants Feb. 15.

The grant program is in its third year.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Small cities grants Kane County is now accepting applications for the
2005 Small Cities grant program, which uses riverboat money to fund economic
development projects in municipalities with populations of 50,000 or less. The
revamped program now will offer just two matching grants of $25,000 each. Last
year's recipients were: - Hampshire: $5,000 grant for a $10,000 economic
development Web site - Huntley: $14,000 grant for a $30,000 Route 47 business
corridor plan - Montgomery: $10,000 grant for a $21,000 economic development
strategic plan - Sugar Grove: $15,000 grant for a $30,000 feasibility study for
a parcel at the intersections of routes 47 and 56 and Galena - Virgil: $8,000
grant for a $17,000 economic development plan Source: Kane County Economic
Development Advisory Board

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 782 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

The Regents of the University of California to Pay Half a Million Dollars to
Resolve Allegations of False Statements in Obtaining UC Davis Grant Funding

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of California has
issued the following press release:

The Regents of the University of California agreed to pay the United States
$499,700 to resolve civil allegations under the False Claims Act that the
University of California at Davis submitted false and misleading statements in
connection with obtaining grants from the Department of Energy (DOE) and the
National Science Foundation (NSF), United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner
announced today.

This settlement resolves claims that U.C. Davis: (1) failed to disclose the
duplicative and overlapping nature of the university's research associated with
a DOE grant, an NSF grant, and a previous federal grant; (2) failed to
accurately describe the research that had been funded by the NSF grant and the
previous federal grant; (3) failed to disclose that the NSF grant and the
previous federal grant were funding or had funded certain specific research
tasks being funded with DOE grant monies; and (4) in progress reports and
renewal applications submitted to the DOE, listed accomplishments achieved under
the NSF grant and the previous federal grant, along with reporting
accomplishments achieved under the DOE grant. The United States contends that
these false and misleading statements caused the DOE and NSF to approve
duplicative grant funding that these agencies would not have otherwise been
awarded.

As part of the settlement, U.C. Davis has also agreed to take steps to prevent
these events from reoccurring by supplementing its current research training
program for undergraduate, graduate, and post-doctorate students with an
hour-long module covering time and effort reporting, reasonableness of costs and
other aspects of federal grants for a three-year period beginning in January.

"This settlement sends a clear message that recipients of federally funded
grants must strictly adhere to the regulations applicable to those grants and
fully and fairly disclose the information called for under these grants," stated
Benjamin B. Wagner, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of
California. "Recipients who fail to do so risk significant financial
consequences."

"The Department of Energy aims to fund innovative and transformative scientific
research, but not research simultaneously funded by other Federal agencies,"
said Gregory H. Friedman, Inspector General, U.S. Department of Energy. "This
civil settlement should help deter such misconduct. Our Special Agents will
tirelessly investigate any allegations of abuse that affect the integrity of the
grant underwriting process."

"When more than one federal agency funds the same research, the integrity of the
grant making process is undermined and scarce research dollars are diverted from
other potentially valuable innovation," said Allison Lerner, Inspector General,
National Science Foundation. "This settlement agreement sends a strong signal
that failure to disclose duplicative funding will not be tolerated."

This case was the result of an investigation by the DOE Office of the Inspector
General, and the NSF Office of the Inspector General, along with the United
States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of California. Assistant
United States Attorney Catherine Swann handled the matter for the United States.
The claims settled by this agreement are allegations only, and there has been no
determination of liability

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 783 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 19, 2009 Sunday

What if? Hiram Ulysses Grant gets a new name

BYLINE: Bruce Kauffmann

SECTION: E; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 453 words


Occasionally I will indulge in one of my favorite historic reveries, "What if
such-and-such historic event had happened differently, or hadn't happened at
all?" How might the course of history have been altered? Today's "What if "¦ ?"

honors the great Civil War general and better-than-advertised U.S. president,
Ulysses S. Grant, who died this week (July 23) in 1885. What if, when Ulysses S.
Grant arrived for his first semester at West Point, his registration forms had
identified him as Hiram Ulysses Grant, which was his real name, instead of
Ulysses S. Grant, which was not? How might history have been different? Our
story begins in 1838 when Grant's father asked his congressman, Tom Hamer, to
procure an appointment to West Point for his son. Hamer, who was eager to escape
Washington at the close of a congressional session, rushed the appointment
through, and in filling it out he mistakenly assumed that since everyone called
the young man Ulysses, that must be his first name. Hamer also mistakenly
thought Grant's middle initial was "S" - short for Simpson, his mother's maiden
name. So Hiram Ulysses Grant became Ulysses S. Grant, at least in the official
records of the admissions office at West Point in 1839. When Grant told the
admitting officer that his name was Hiram Ulysses, he was told in military
fashion that he could enter as Ulysses S. or go home. But if that is how Hiram
Ulysses became Ulysses S., what possible effect could that have had on his or
his country's future? To answer we look at where Grant began his military
service during the Civil War - in the frontier West, far from Washington and far
from the major media, which meant that much of the time no one in the Lincoln
administration knew what was happening in that theater of the war. There Grant
languished, fighting well but in relative obscurity, until the capture of Fort
Donelson in Tennessee caught the attention of reporters, especially when it was
learned that Grant had told the Confederate officer in charge, "No terms except
an unconditional and immediate surrender can be accepted." Reporters, noting
Grant's name - and initials, "U.S." - began calling him "Unconditional
Surrender" Grant, and newspapers in the East picked up the catchy phrase. Did
this help bring U.S. Grant to the attention of the War Department and later to
Lincoln himself? Maybe, maybe not. Grant's victories at Fort Donelson and its
sister fort, Fort Pillow, were the North's first major successes, so they caught
everyone's attention. But in terms of military reputation, Grant's name, Ulysses
S., or "Unconditional Surrender," Grant, sure beat Hiram Ulysses Grant - or
"HUG" for short. Kauffmann's e-mail address is bruce@historylessons.net

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 784 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

NEPA employers learn value of training grants

BYLINE: Eileen Godin, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


May 13--PLAINS TWP. -- Five employee training grants were showcased during an
Employer Forum held Tuesday at the Holiday Inn, formerly the East Mountain Inn.

The event, sponsored by Pennsylvania CareerLink and Luzerne and Schuylkill
Workforce Investment Board, was designed to inform employers of sources of
funding and services through the state agencies, Christine Jensen, site
administrator of the Pennsylvania CareerLink of Hazleton and Wilkes-Barre, said.

"We want you to stay in Northeastern Pennsylvania," Jensen said. "We want you to
be successful."

The free morning event attracted about 70 guests who heard a presentation on
five federal grants aimed to help employers fund training and education for
current staff or new hires.

The grants are:

-- National Emergency Grant targets the manufacturing, energy or healthcare
industries. Companies can receive 50 to 90 percent wage reimbursement for up to
six months of training for a new hire. Grant expires June 30, 2016.

-- Jobs for the Future grant is a short-term training grant program for
unemployed and current workers in the logistics or transportation industries.
Grant ends June 30, 2017.

-- Make It In America: A grant for training in a variety fields in the
manufacturing industry. Companies are reimbursed up to $1,000 per employee.
Grant expires Sept. 30, 2016.

-- Industry Partnership Grant targets the energy, agriculture and food
production industries. The grant requires a 50 percent cash match and 75 percent
of the training is consortia-based. Grant expires June 30, 2015.

-- WIA On-The-Job Training offers 50 percent wage reimbursement for employees
working 30 hours per week regularly scheduled shifts and earns $10 per hour.
This grant does not have an expiration.

Pride Mobility of Exeter, a world leading manufacturer of personal mobility
products, learned the value of one grant program recently, Jensen said.

Six engineers from Pride Mobility's Research and Development Department were
sent to a two-to-three-day course in Allentown this January. The course cost
$1,300 per employee.

By utilizing the Make It In America federal grant program, Elizabeth A. Revit,
human resources, recruiting and training specialist of Pride Mobility, said the
company paid $300 per employee.

"I will admit I was apprehensive (about applying for federal grants)," Revit
said. "But Christine (Jensen) makes it easy. She was very knowledgeable. In a
week or two after submitting the papers, we received reimbursement. It is a free
service."

For information on employer services, call CareerLink at 570-822-1101 or the
Luzerne/Schuylkill Workforce Investment Board at 570-822-1101.

Reach Eileen Godin at 570-991-6387 or on Twitter@TLNews.

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150513-WB-NEPA-employers-learn-value-of-training-grants-0513-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                          FOCUS - 785 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                 Sampson Independent (Clinton, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

Committee modifies guidelines for Roseboro facade grant

BYLINE: Kristy D. Carter, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 474 words


Aug. 16--ROSEBORO -- With commissioners modifying the guidelines of the town's
facade grant program during a meeting earlier in the week, more businesses may
be applying for grant money.

Guidelines to apply for the grant didn't allow for the alteration of signs, but
now, with changes from the board, sign alteration can be a part of the grant
requests.

"I suggest we let it be a part of the grant," commissioner Alice Butler said.
"To me, it's just as important as the appearance of a building or the awnings."

The program, which was established in 2009, was initially governed by the Main
Street Committee. At the collapse of that committee, the grant has been overseen
by the town. Within the town's budget, $6,000 has been set aside yearly. The
grant will provide a dollar for dollar match, up to $2,000 for each project and
a total of three grants are awarded each year.

The board previously made changes to the grant guidelines that allowed all
businesses within the town limits of Roseboro to be eligible for the grant. The
grant funds were restricted and only available to businesses in the downtown
area.

One businessman in Roseboro reported to commissioners that the facade grant
program is one that provides property owners or business tenants an opportunity
to renovate their building facades while implementing appropriate design
standards and preserving the unique architectural and commercial character of
Roseboro.

With the program being so beneficial, Butler said that she felt the grant could
be better utilized if the alteration of signs could be acceptable.

According to the program's guidelines, a facade is defined as one side of a
building regardless of the number of stories. Each store front of a building can
be considered a facade and the rear of a building may also be considered for the
facade grant, with priority given to the front of the building. The program is
intended to encourage and provide incentives for the renovation of buildings in
the downtown area. Within the renovation, the program clearly states the design
must be appropriate for historical standards and preservation of the unique
architectural character must be kept.

The Facade Grant was initially created by using funds from interest off of the
Revolving Loan program. For the last couple of years, it has mainly been funded
by the town's general fund and was created to initiate interest in cleaning up
and fixing up buildings downtown. The program's goal is to award three grants
each year.

Members of the facade grant committee are David Alexander, Anthony Bennett and
Tony Blalock.

Reach Kristy D. Carter at 910-592-8137, ext. 2588. Follow us on Twitter at
@SampsonInd. Like us on Facebook.

___ (c)2015 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150816-1SM-Committee-modifies-guidelines-for-Roseboro-facade-grant
-0816-20150816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2015 Sampson Independent


                          FOCUS - 786 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22105041

LENGTH: 983  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  05/14/2014
Posting Expires:  05/25/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
3 years experience of grant management
2 years experience of working in Alcohol Tobacco & Other Drugs (ATOD) prevention

2 years experience of planning and conducting workshops and trainings
1 year of leadership experience.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Behavioral Health Services

Hiring Official
Sharron Mims

Special Work Condition
Ability to lift & carry 50 pounds
Limited travel---both in and out of state

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22105041
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 787 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22105041

LENGTH: 984  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  05/14/2014
Posting Expires:  05/25/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
3 years experience of grant management
2 years experience of working in Alcohol Tobacco & Other Drugs (ATOD) prevention

2 years experience of planning and conducting workshops and trainings
1 year of leadership experience.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Behavioral Health Services

Hiring Official
Sharron Mims

Special Work Condition
Ability to lift & carry 50 pounds
Limited travel---both in and out of state

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22105041
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 788 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                     The Woodville Republican (Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 14, 2014

BBB Warns -- Dont Get Caught By A School Grant Scam

BYLINE: The Woodville Republican staff

LENGTH: 436  words


Over the past few weeks BBB serving Mississippi has had an increase in calls
concerning government school grants. BBB is alerting residents to beware of
unsolicited telephone grant scams. "With the cost of education getting higher
each year there is more need for help," says John O'Hara, CEO of BBB serving
Mississippi. "People can become victims because they are thinking this is an
answer to their prayers."

Residents say the calls appear to be coming from the (202) area code, which is
in the Washington, D.C., area, and claim the consumer has "won" or was "selected
to receive" a grant for tuition, housing, and or even to purchase an automobile.

The callers state they are government workers and offer up to $9,000 in grant
money that does not need to be paid back. The catch is they are asking for
recipients to get a Green Dot Mon-eyPak card and load it with money ranging from
$400 to $500 to pay for the processing and handling fees. Scammers are also
asking for credit card numbers and other banking information.

The most important fact to remember in determining whether a call or email
concerning a grant is a scam is to remember that no one can be awarded a grant
if they did not apply. The federal government and private foundations do not
select grant winners by random or because residents pay taxes on time. The grant
process is generally long and very competitive and only those who apply are
considered. Grants to individuals also need prior approval by the Internal
Revenue Service.

BBB offers the following tips to avoid being taken by a grant scam:

1. Government grants have to be applied for in order to receive.

So if you didn't apply for the grant, you shouldn't get one.

2. The government doesn't call you for such matters. You won't receive
information from the government through a phone call.

3. If you get one of these calls, just hang up. You may be tempted to call back,
but this will only give the scam-mer another opportunity to steal your
information.

4. Don't give out your personal information to someone you don't know. Never
give out your bank account numbers, date of birth, credit card number or Social
Security number to an unsolicited caller or anyone you don't know.

5. According to grants, gov, the FTC points out you shouldn't have to pay fees
for a "free" government grant.

If you would like to apply for a grant, visit grants.gov. This website provides
all of the federal grant opportunities including different types of grants,
rules for applying and how to track your submissions.

You can report those who pretend to hand out grants on the government's behalf
to 1-800-447-8477.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WVR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Woodville Republican


                          FOCUS - 789 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 9, 2015

Archie Joseph Grant

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 344  words


Archie Joseph Grant Sr., 88. entered into rest with our Lord Monday. March 2,
2015. in a Grand Forks hospital, surrounded by his children.

Archie Joseph Grant was born in Devils Lake on October 11, 1926. to Andrew and
Emma Grant. He married Flora Ann Desjarlais on January 16. 1947.

Archie made his home in Belcourt. He worked mainly as a carpenter, but enjoyed
many other trades. He retired 20 years ago.

Archie also enjoyed being outdoors fishing, hunting, camping and other pursuits.

Archie loved to joke and tease. He had a great knowledge of the old times that
he loved to share.

We'll always remember his twinkling eyes and big smile.

Archie is survived by his daughters, Kathy (Bill) Vote, Joanne (Jifni) Hamley,
and Brenda (Lionel Poitra) Grant; sons, Frank Grant and Larry (Delores) Grant; a
daughter-in-law. Belinda Grant; 189 grandchildren, great-grandchildren and
great-greatgrandchildren; brother, Sylvester (Gladys) Grant; sisters. Gladys
Smith. Rosalie Keplin, Sarah (John) Domben, Ernestine Rind; and many nephews and
nieces.

Archie was preceded in death by his parents, Andrew and Emma Grant; sons. John
Grant and Archie Grant Jr.; daughter, Shirley Azure; brother. Linus Grant;
sister, Eleanor Vivier: grandchild, Levi Grant: greatgrandchildren. Kolt
Hillesland and Adrien James Duncan.

Wake services were held Sunday,

March 8, 2015, at St. Ann's Catholic Church in Belcourt. with Bill and Kathy
Vote leading the Rosary.

Funeral Mass was held Monday, March 9, 2015. at St. Ann's Catholic Church with
Father Jeff Eppler officiating.

Burial will be in the spring in St. Ann's Catholic Cemetery in Belcourt.

Casket bearers were Ronald Laverdure. Frank Grant Jr., Jamie Hamley, Jeremy
Grant. Derrick Grant. Keith Grant, Lei and LaFountain and John Grant. Honorary
bearers were all Archie's family and grandchildren.

Eucharistic gifts were presented by Sylvester and Gladys Grant. The reader was
Lisa LaFountain. A eulogy was given by Lisa LaFountain.

Special music was provided by Richard Turcotte and Joe C. Parisien.

Arrangements were with Elick Funeral Home in Rolla.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Turtle Mountain Star


                          FOCUS - 790 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 22, 2016

Delaware Community Foundation announces capital grant application deadline Jan.
29;
Nonprofits are invited to apply

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 379  words


For 2016, approximately $250,000 will be awarded to qualified 501(c)(3)
nonprofit organizations that serve Dela-wareans.

Each grant request must be submitted electronically on a DCF 2016 Capital Grant
Application Form or Equipment Grant Form, available at delcf.org/grants. Note
that these are two separate application forms. Applications must be received no
later than 4 p.m., Friday, Jan. 29.

Former capital grant recipients must wait for the completion of two grant cycles
before applying for another capital grant, and multi-year capital campaigns can
be funded only once by the DCF.

Agencies receiving DCF grants must serve the state of Delaware and its residents
without discrimination based on race, religion, gender, age, disability,
national origin or sexual orientation.

Over the years, the DCF has awarded more than $4.6 million in capital and
equipment grants, funded through the State of Delaware Fund and other
field-of-interest endowments.

Last year, the DCF allocated more than $250,000 in capital and equipment grants.

These grants support projects that have a lasting, positive impact on the
population served by the organization.

Capital grants may be used to fund construction, renovation or repair of
buildings, and/or land purchases.

Capital grants typically range from $5,000 to $20,000, with a $25,000 maximum.

Limited funding is allotted for the purchase of equipment.

Equipment grants generally range from $2,000 to $4,000, with a maximum award of
$5,000. Equipment grants are awarded only for items essential to the applicant
organization's delivery of services.

Equipment is defined as portable items with a value of less than $5,000.
Equipment grant applicants must complete a separate application.

"Capital grants enable nonprofit organizations to complete work that will
benefit their communities for years to come,"

Interim DCF President and CEO Tom Shopa said. "Each year, we receive dozens of
applications, indicating a real need for help with capital projects that
nonprofits' funding doesn't usually cover."

Equipment grants are awarded in March, and capital grants are awarded in June.
All applicants will be notified of the board's decision in writing by the end of
June.

For more information, contact Beth Bouchelle at 302-504-5239 or
bbouchelle@delcf.org

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2016 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2016 Cape Gazette


                          FOCUS - 791 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22103798

LENGTH: 985  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  06/30/2014
Posting Expires:  07/14/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience using Microsoft Office; ability to perform functions in an automated
system using stardand forms and software; ability to develop, review and monitor
contracts and sub-grants.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Office of Finance and Administration

Hiring Official
Steven Parkinson

Special Work Condition
Some day and overnight travel, must have a valid Arkansas drivers license; some
lifting up to twenty pounds.

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22103798
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Fayetteville
Job County/Region:  Washington
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 792 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22111543

LENGTH: 988  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  06/25/2014
Posting Expires:  07/06/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Preferences:
1. 3 years experience of grant management
2. 2 years experience of working in Alcohol Tobacco & Other Drugs (ATOD)
prevention
3. 2 years experience of planning and conducting workshops and trainings
4. 1 year of leadership experience.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Behavioral Health Services

Hiring Official
Sharron Mims

Special Work Condition
Ability to lift & carry 50 pounds
Limited travel---both in and out of state

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22111543
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 793 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 9, 2001 Tuesday 2D EDITION

A family of Colo. 'champions' Citizen award honors Grant kin

BYLINE: By Jim Kirksey, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 462 words


Ned and Mary Belle Grant and their kids - Newell, Susan, Pat,  Cecily and Anne -
on Monday night joined the list of distinguished  Westerners honored with the
Citizen of the West Award.

Hailed as part of one of the oldest and most successful  families in Colorado,
the five children of Ned and Mary Belle  shared the spotlight at the awards
banquet at Adam's Mark Hotel,  as they and their parents and their family were
cited as the  epitome of citizens of the West.

Their parents were there 'in spirit,' son Pat said. They were  honored
posthumously.

It is the first time the award was given to a family.

Ben Houston, chairman of the National Western Stock Show,  Rodeo & Horse Show,
noted that champions are crowned every year at  the stock show.

'Right here tonight you have the champions of the West in the  Grant family,'
Houston said.

The award is presented annually in conjunction with the  National Western to
those who best exemplify the spirit and  determination of the Western pioneer.

Over the span of 60 years, Ned and Mary Belle Grant raised  five children and
ranched in Morgan, Douglas, Park, Jefferson and  Routt counties. Both also were
active with the National Western.

Both Edwin 'Ned' Hendrie Grant (1908-1968) and Mary Belle  McIntyre Grant
(1915-1999) were descendants of illustrious  pioneers who came west before
Colorado became a state in 1876.  They include Colorado's third governor, James
Benton Grant, who  led the state from 1883 to 1885.

The Grants married in 1939 and raised their children on the  family's historic
Grant Farm at West Bowles Avenue and South  Wadsworth Boulevard. On the property
now is Southwest Plaza  Shopping Center, Clement Park, Raccoon Creek Golf Club
(owned and  operated by the Grant family) and a housing development.

Newell Grant is in the cattle business and real estate and  has worked to
preserve the family's Steamboat Ranch as open space.  He serves on the
Volunteers for Outdoor Colorado board.

Susan Grant Raymond is an award-winning artist who sculpts  monumental bronze
statues, including a farmer leading two draft  horses that is familiar to all
who travel through Littleton along  South Santa Fe Drive and the South Platte
River.

Pat Grant served as a state legislator from 1985 to 1992 and  has followed in
his parents' footsteps as a leader of the National  Western, serving as its
president and chief executive officer  since 1991.

Cecily Grant reflects the new West and technological  horizons, working as an
executive with Communications World  International.

Anne Grant Lowdermilk lives in Seattle and works as a  volunteer in efforts to
improve the quality of education in that  area.

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 794 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 3, 1992, Friday, City Edition

Oh, by the way, about my district ...

BYLINE: LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



State Sen. John Grant, R-Tampa, has lived in U.S. Rep. Sam Gibbons'
congressional district for 30 years. Gibbons had never bothered to telephone
Grant.

    Until last week.

    Twenty minutes after the Florida Senate deadlocked 20-20 in a vote on
congressional redistricting, Grant's phone rang.

    "I said, "Sam, you've been my congressman for 30 years, and you never called
me before today,' " Grant recalled. "He said he wanted me to go help draw a
congressional plan that would save his seat."

    Grant said he told Gibbons that the congressman was asking him to vote with
Democrats who were trying to redistrict him out of the Senate by putting him in
a district that includes few of his Hillsborough County constituents.

    Gibbons immediately offered to help, Grant said, asking whom he needed to
call to help Grant with his district.

    "I said, "Don't worry about it, Sam,' " Grant recalled. "I said, "I have a
fallback position: If I don't get a good district, I'm running for Congress.' "

    There was a long silence.

    Then Gibbons told Grant he had "really better get to work and help."

    Fifteen minutes later, Grant's telephone rang again. It was Senate Dean W.
D. Childers, D-Pensacola.

    "Where do you want your district?" was the question posed by Childers, Grant
said.

    Grant said Childers was offering todraw whatever district Grant wanted if
Grant would promise to vote with the Democrats on final approval of a plan.

    Grant said he told Childers he was interested in voting for a plan that also
is fair to other Senate Republicans who have been lumped together in districts
that would force them to run against each other.

    "He said, "This is dog eat dog.You've got to look out for yourself,' " Grant
recalled.

    Later that day, the Senate again deadlocked on a vote to approve a
congressional plan. Grant voted with the Republicans.

    And the Democratic-sponsored plan for the Senate still has the Tampa senator
in a Pasco-dominated district.

    Gibbons said Thursday that he was just trying to "scramble and get enough
votes to get a plan approved." He said he likes Grant and was willing to put in
a good word for him with Senate Democrats.

    Gibbons said he has been calling a number of state legislators because he
wants to know just where his district will be. It's not that he's worried,
Gibbons said; he just wants to know.

    He said he thinks Grant was only kidding when he indicated he might run for
Congress. Besides, Grant lives just outside his district, Gibbons said.

    He's checked.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); Sen. John Grant; U.S. Rep. Sam Gibbons;
Senate Dean W. D.  Childers

                            Times Publishing Company


                          FOCUS - 795 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22097324

LENGTH: 983  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  08/28/2014
Posting Expires:  09/07/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge and experience of the following computer softwares: AASIS, Microsoft
Office Suite, and Adobe Acrobat and Reader.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Office of Finance and Administration

Hiring Official
Steven Parkinson

Special Work Condition
Valid Arkansas Driver's License, some travel required, some overnight travel
required, and ability to lift up to 20lbs.

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22097324
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Fort Smith
Job County/Region:  Sebastian
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 796 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                        May 7, 2015 Thursday 9:46 PM GMT

Family Notices G - K, Friday May 8

SECTION: FAMILY NOTICES

LENGTH: 1193 words


GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - May 4, 2015, (suddenly), at his home. Deeply regretted by his
father-in-law and mother-in-law, Ronnie and Jean and family. The Lord is my
Shepherd.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - May 4, 2015. Deepest sympathy to Rhonda and the boys. Fondly
remembered by Gordon and Alice Penrose and their families. Only God knows why.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN (GRANTO) - Sadly missed by friends Don and Caroline Penrose and
girls. Heartfelt sympathy to Rhonda, sons Colin and Stuart and the late Colin's
parents Sam and Marie and family. Forever in our thoughts.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Passed away May 4, 2015, son of Dr. Samuel Grant and Pastor
Marie. Deeply regretted by James Bond, China Spence (Alex). Resting where no
shadows fall.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Died May 4, 2015. Deepest sympathy from Lee McCord and family. No
farewells were spoken, no time to say goodbye, you were gone before we knew and
only God knows why. Goodnight Mate.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Died May 4, 2015. My good friend who will be sadly missed. Mark
(Ironsy).

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Deepest sympathies to Sam and Marie Grant and family circle on
the passing of their son Colin. Our thoughts and prayers are with you at this
sad time. From Eleanor Burns and family circle in Antrim and England. Psalm 23.
Safe in the arms of Jesus.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Condolences to the family circle, from Julie and Trevor Blair.
Our great friend.

GRANT

GRANT, COLIN - Sadly missed by Ken, Jennifer and Colin McKenzie. Goodbye my
friend. xxx.

HAMILTON

HAMILTON, WILLIAM (GERRY) - Passed away May 5, 2015, after a long illness. A
true friend who will be sadly missed. Rest in peace. Helen and Harry.

JONES

JONES, ALAN - Died May 7, 2015, aged 64 years, at home, Oaklands Close,
Newtownabbey, following a brave battle with cancer, loving and devoted husband
of Sylvia and much-loved father to Michelle and Tracy. Service to celebrate
Alan's life will be held on Monday 11th May, 2015 at Roselawn Crematorium at
2.30 p.m. Family flowers only please. Donations in lieu to Cancer Research
(please make cheques payable to Cancer Research) c/o Browns Houston &
WIlliamson, Funeral Directors, 438 Shore Road, Wh

JONES

JONES, ALAN - Died May 7, 2015. Deeply regretted by his father-in-law Andy
Stranaghan. Rest in peace.

JONES

JONES, ALAN - Died May 7, 2015, much-loved husband of Sylvia, great friend,
brother-in-law and uncle, who will be sadly missed by Robert, Julie, Lewis and
Adam. No longer in our lives to share, but in our hearts you'll always be there.

JONES

JONES, ALAN - Deeply missed and fondly remembered by his brother-in-law David,
Shaunagh and Keith. Peace is yours, memories are ours.

KERR

KERR, ERNEST VICTOR - Died May 5, 2015, peacefully, in hospital, dearly-beloved
husband of Edith and devoted father of Carol, Gillian and Ian. A Private
Cremation will be held on Monday 11th May 2015, followed by a Service of
Thanksgiving at 12.00 noon in St. John's Church, Malone Road, Belfast. Family
flowers only please. Donations in lieu of flowers, if desired, to The Dec Nepal
Earthquake Appeal, c/o James Brown & Sons Funeral Directors, 535 Lisburn Road,
Belfast, BT9 7GQ, (please make cheq

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - 5th May 2015. Dearly loved partner of Janice and loving
father of Faith and Joshua. Service in Braniel Methodist/Presbyterian Church,
Woodview Drive, Belfast on Monday 11th May 2015 at 10.30 a.m. and afterwards to
Ardkeen Parish Churchyard, Cloughey. Will be sadly missed by all the family
circle.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Our world has fallen apart, we were only starting our
journey together as a young family Graeme. We will treasure all the memories we
have made together and I will make sure your beautiful children will never
forget what an amazing Daddy you were to them. We are heartbroken. I love you
Graeme. Always and forever in my heart. xxx.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Beloved son of Bill and Sheila. Devastated more than words
can say. You grew up to be the most beautiful person both inside and out. We're
so proud that you are our son. How do we begin to live life without you. Rest
easy in the arms of Jesus, until we meet again darling. Loved with an
everlasting love. Mum and Dad.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Died May 5, 2015. Graeme you are sorely missed. We haven't
just lost a brother but a great friend, companion and super uncle. See you
later, lots of love Gillian, Stevie, Shannon, Cameron and Carter. xo.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Deeply regretted by Seana, Caroline and Ciaran Murphy.
There are no words.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Heartfelt sympathy to Janice, Faith, Josh, Bill and Sheila
and extended families. From Margaret Graham, Paul, Lisa, Neil and families.
Earth has one gentle soul less and one angel more.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Much loved nephew of Joan and Reggie, cousins Julie and
Jill, husbands Ian and Darren and family circle. Love everlasting love.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Deeply regretted by his Aunt Margaret, partner Jimmy and
cousins Steven and Nicola. Mizpah.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - 1st Glentoran Northern Ireland Supporters Club are deeply
saddened by the sudden passing of their friend and member Graeme Kilpatrick. Our
thoughts and prayers are with his partner Janice, children Faith and Josh and
the wider Kilpatrick family circle. He will be sadly missed.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Heartfelt sympathy to Billy, Sheila and family from Ian,
Diane, Neil and family. Our thoughts are with you.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Passed away May 5, 2015, (suddenly), much- loved partner of
Janice and Daddy to Faith and Joshua. Will be very sadly missed by Maureen and
David, David and Paula, Anna, Davy and Robyn. Hearts broken.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME (JUNIOR) - Died May 5, 2015. Deeply regretted by Neil,
Danielle and Matthew. Deepest sympathy to Janice, Faith, Josh and entire family
circle. A great friend that will be sadly missed, taken too soon.

KILPATRICK

KILPATRICK, GRAEME - Dearly-loved son of Billy and Sheila. Deeply regretted by
Walter and Ann Graham. God Bless.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 797 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

AgangSA enters social grants fray

BYLINE: Hlengiwe Nhlabathi

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 369 words


Political Reporter
 AGANGSA leader Mamphela Ramphele has added her own twist to what has become a
contest of political parties to offer voters unique packages of social grants.
 Like the offer to create jobs through various ambitious schemes, parties are
using grants as a vote catcher.


 The ANC has boasted about the fact that it has increased beneficiaries from
just three million in 1994 to 16 million (11 million of which are child grants)
as one of its key achievements since campaigning began.
 In its manifesto, it has promised to continue rolling them out to those who
qualify.
 In an attempt to offer something different, AgangSA this weekend promised not
only to introduce a grading system for grant recipients but also to link grants
to the cost of living.
 Ambitiously, Ramphele said the party promised to provide additional social
grant money to families of students who achieve a 70% pass mark.
 AgangSA's manifesto says the intention is to expand the definition used for
social security to include fluctuat-ing and degenerative conditions.
 Ramphele's offer came after the EFF announced a seemingly much better deal.
  EFF leader Julius Malema promised his party would double the amount paid to
recipients to address crisis levels of poverty.
 Under an EFF government, grants would increase as follows: the elderly R2600,
child support grant R600, disability grant R2400, war veterans R2440, care
dependency grant R2400, foster child grant R1600 a month, Malema said.
 The party would also introduce a social grant of R2500 a month for all
terminally ill South Africans.
 While they promised voters increased grants, opposition parties also propose to
reduce dependency in the long run.
 The Democratic Alliance has also rubber-stamped its support for social grants
as a way to alleviate poverty.
 But it wants to eliminate what it says is the current situation where social
grants keep people trapped in poverty. The party, in its manifesto, proposes a
social grant system with built-in incentives.
 Similar to AgangSA, one of the incentives includes paying a reward to social
grant beneficiaries who perform above a set standard and also give funding to
those who finish their matric and wish to study further.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 798 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Decision to give grants only for gram panchayats criticised

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Mysuru


Mysuru, Nov. 13 -- The 14th Finance Commission has reportedly decided not to
give grants to zilla panchayats and taluk panchayats and in stead resolved to
provide grants only to gram panchayats.


 Hence TPs and ZPs all over the State have not received grants this year from
the commission while the GPs were released grants.
 Earlier, local bodies under the three-tier system of the panchayat raj used to
get grants under the 13th Finance Commission.
 GPs were released grants by the 14t{+h}Finance Commission based on the
population and for Mysuru district alone Rs. 26 crore had been released in the
first instalment.
 Some GPs like the Koorgalli GP may get a grant of Rs. 30 lakh this year. Grants
will be released on the basis of two factors - one is basic grants to be
released on population criteria and the other is performance grants.
 The second instalment of grants including performance grants will be released
in February second week.
 Members of the TP and ZP have criticised the decision to allocate funds only to
GPs. Describing the decision of the Commission as 'great injustice' done to the
TPs and ZPs, the members said that they had carried out many works in their
constituencies under the grants.
 Pushpa Amaranath, president of the ZP, and Madappa, vice-president, and others
said that they had assured the people of their constituencies that they would
carry out many public works including road works soon after the release of the
grants under the 14th Finance Commission.
 The decision of the commission to give grants only to GPs has discouraged them
and humiliates them in front of their voters, they said and urged the Union
Government to prevail upon the Commission to withdraw its decision and allocate
grants to ZPs also.
 Since this year is the election year for ZPs and TPs, grants from the
commission are very important, they said.
 Members say that since this is election year for ZPs and TPs, grants from the
commission are important

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 799 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Block grant teachers reject aid policy

BYLINE: PRIYA ABRAHAM

LENGTH: 433  words


Bhubaneswar, March 15: The agitating teachers and employees of the 1,982 block
grant schools and 327 eligible high schools today rejected the state cabinet's
approval of the new grants-in-aid policy.

They said they would continue their agitation.

The cabinet last night approved the new grants-in-aid policy aimed to abolish
the previous block grant policy.

Sources said the new policy stated schools getting block grant for more than
eight years would be eligible for a full grants-in-aid and be paid as per the
sixth pay commission. Similarly, schools that have been receiving grants for
over six years will be eligible for 75 per cent grants-in-aid. Schools receiving
grants-in-aid for more than three years will receive 60 per cent grants-in-aid.

The remaining block grant schools would receive 40 per cent aid.

School and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda, however, refused to
provide details of the policy as it was to be announced first in the Assembly.
However, the matter could not be discussed in the Assembly today, as it was
adjourned.

The teachers alleged that they were kept in dark about the new grants-in-aid
policy.

"We are still not clear what the policy is all about. The teachers have been
kept in the dark. It is strange that the government did not include us in such
an important decision involving so many teachers," said Prashanta Mohapatra,
president, Block Grant Secondary School Teachers And Employees' Association.

Mohapatra said the government was simply trying to "dilute" the issue and divide
the teachers in a "tactful manner". "The only demand we have is the abolition of
the block grant system with provision of 100 per cent grants-in-aid to all the
1,982 block grant school and 327 eligible high schools," said a teacher.

"The new policy also does not talk of dearness allowance, pension or service
conditions. We will not withdraw our strike," he said

Earlier, the teachers had rejected the state government's decision to go for a
performance-based grant system. Arguing why teachers alone were being subjected
to "performance measurement", they had termed the decision "undemocratic". The
teachers, who had earlier boycotted invigilation during the matric exams,
threatened to quit the evaluation process scheduled to begin on March 17.

The teachers said they would picket outside the 74 evaluation centres across the
state and ask other teachers not to conduct evaluation. They said they would
conduct a candlelight rally at the Puri Srimandir, and on March 18, stage a
demonstration outside the Assembly. They would seek the co-operation of students
and parents.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 800 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

LPD to purchase equipment with grant funds

BYLINE: Eloria Newell James, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Nov. 16--LAUREL -- The City of Laurel has granted the Laurel Police Department
permission to accept two grants to purchase additional equipment for the police
department.

In October, the City of Laurel received notification from the Office of Justice
Programs that it had been awarded the more than $33,000 grant.

The Laurel City Council has granted the LPD permission to accept the funding of
the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program grant in the
amount of $33,280 to the City of Laurel, with a portion of the grant being
allocated to the Jones County Sheriff Department.

According to documents, $10,885 of the $33,280 will be given to the Jones County
Sheriff's Department and the remaining $22,395 will go to the Laurel Police
Department.

According to officials, the grant can be used for a broad range of activities to
prevent and control crime and to improve the criminal justice system, some of
which could have environmental impacts.

Officials said the City of Laurel will use its portion of the grant to purchase
a police car. The Sheriff Department is expected to use its portion of the grant
to purchase a digital interview room system and eight breath analyzers.

The police department's current fleet include 16 patrol units.

Also, the city is allowing the LPD to accept another grant, which is the Bullet
Proof Vest Grant in the amount of $7,370.

Officials said the $7,000 grant is a matching grant that pays half of the price
of police officers' body armor.

According to city documents, the Police Department will purchase up to 20 bullet
proof vests at a cost to the city not to exceed $7,370 and the funds will be
taken from the uniform and working apparel account.

Also, the Laurel Police Department has gained permission to apply for an Edward
Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance (JAG) Grant in the amount of $4,994.50.

According to city documents, the Police Department will purchase tasers and
taser cartridges with the grant, if approved.

Officials said the proposed project is a matching grant, which pays 75 percent
of the cost being $3,745.88. The city will pay the remaining 25 percent, which
will be $1,248.62.

If approved for the grant, officials said, funds for the city's match will be
taken from the specific department operating supplies account.

___ (c)2011 the Laurel Leader-Call (Laurel, Miss.) Visit the Laurel Leader-Call
(Laurel, Miss.) at www.leadercall.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111116-LH-LPD-to-purchase-equipment-with-grant-funds-1116-20111116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                          FOCUS - 801 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 13, 2008 Saturday

Recycling committee looks to pursue grant

BYLINE: Adam Koob, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Sep. 13--NATCHEZ -- When the Adams County Board of Supervisors meet on Monday
they're scheduled to hear a motion that will play an important role in the
future of the newly formed recycling committee.

Darryl Grennell, supervisor and member of the recycling committee, said the
committee will seek the board's approval in pursuing a grant that would provide
start-up funding for a joint county-city recycling program.

The current plan calls for the city and the county to simultaneously apply for
solid waste assistance grants from the Mississippi Department of Environmental
Quality.

The supervisors must give their approval before the recycling committee can
pursue the grant.

Grennell said he has no reason to believe the supervisors will not approve the
committee's request.

"There isn't anything that should impede their approval," he said.

The grant does not require the city or county to match funds Grennell said.

And while Grennell said he's confident the committee's request will be granted,
other questions with the program still remain.

Natchez grants coordinator Brett Brinegar will be writing the grant application
for the city and said she still has not been given the specifics on what must be
requested in the grant.

Brinegar said she needs to know what the county and city will be using the grant
money for before the grant can be written.

"I need to know what the money is going to be spent on," she said.

And Brinegar said she must have the information soon because the grant
application is due on October 1 and estimated she and the county's grant-writer
would need at least one week to review the applications before they could be
submitted.

But exactly who Brinegar will be reviewing the grant with is still unknown.

The county's grants are normally written by the Southwest Mississippi Planning
and Development District.

However, Mike Lazarus, also a supervisor and member of the recycling committee,
said he has been in talks with county administrator, Cathy Walker, and Adams
County Road Crew secretary, Sylvia Bunch, about completing the county's grant.

Lazarus said the pair is already familiar with the solid waste assistance grant
and would not charge the county a fee, unlike Southwest Mississippi Planning and
Development District.

"I would prefer if they would fill out the grant," he said of the two women.

But the recycling committee has also been making progress in organizing their
members Lazarus said.

Lazarus said the committee has been broken into sub-committees to take charge of
specific tasks.

And on Friday Lazarus said committee member Dickey King was out scouting
possible locations to be used as staging areas for the program.

"We are making progress," Lazarus said.

On Tuesday evening the recycling sub-committees will meet at the Country Inn and
Suites for their next meeting.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080913-YY-Recycling-committee-looks-to-pursue-grant-0913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 802 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Development Associate

LENGTH: 959  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Association for Women in Communications has issued the following job
announcement:


Development Associate
Job ID:  21508251
Position Title:  Development Associate
Company Name:  Community Foundation for the Alleghenies
Industry:  Community
Job Function:  Donor Services
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Johnstown, Pennsylvania, 15901, United States

Posted:  December 10, 2014
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  2-3 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Salary:  $30,000.00 - $40,000.00 (Yearly Salary)

Job Description

The Community Foundation for the Alleghenies manages more than $62 million in
community assets that have been entrusted to us through funds established by
individuals, families, corporations, and other entities. In 2014, we awarded
more than $3 million in grants to a wide range of nonprofit organizations,
including those dedicated to community and economic development,  health and
human services, education, the environment, heritage and recreation, and other
causes.  We also awarded an additional $775,000 in college scholarships to local
students.   The grants and scholarships represent the interest earned on the
funds established by our donors, as well as other contributions that were made
to the Community Foundation.

We seek a Development Associate to assist with the administration of our grants
and scholarship programs.  As a new position, the DA will also become fully
immersed in Foundation activity to learn the role of development, engaging
donors as appropriate and eventually advancing the Foundation donor base.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILTIES

Grant Administration

Major Grants Program (committee review of 100+ grants every Fall and Spring)

Help manage the online grant application database, including importing data from
an online grant administration program (SmarterSelect)  into the CFA database
software program (FIMS) and verifying a variety of applicant information (such
as IRS exemption)
    Work with Program and Communications Officer to prepare grant committee
meeting materials and manage the committee meeting logistics
    Prepare and distribute grant award information using FIMS data, including
merged award letters, grant agreements, check disbursements and final grant
reports
    Provide extensive administrative support to Program and Communications
Officer during grant process;  includes running various reports from FIMS,
obtaining additional info from grant applicants to clarify things, and preparing
template media materials
    Track receipt of all final grant reports, including reminders to grantees,
and summarize outcomes discussed in grant reports

Donor Requested (weekly requests from donors to process a donation)

Data entry into FIMS to prepare and track weekly check disbursements
    Prepare and distribute merged letters to accompany the checks
    Track receipt of final grant reports for grants of $1,000 or more

Scholarship Administration

Build and strengthen relationships with high school guidance offices and
administrators to promote the availability of college scholarship funds
administered by the CFA
    Educate area high schools on the mandatory use of the Smarter Select online
scholarship program
    Work with area high schools to confirm scholarship recipients and prepare
template materials for scholarship awards nights (i.e., confirming award and
pay-out process, honorary certificate)
    Manage a June event or other project to recognize individuals/families that
have established the scholarships, as well as the graduating seniors who are
receiving the scholarships
    Manage the database that includes scholarship recipient information,
including importing data from SmarterSelect into FIMS
    Prepare and distribute merged letters and scholarship checks to colleges via
FIMS export; work with colleges as needed to confirm receipt of scholarship
checks or confirm student enrollment
    Work with the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency on its
scholarship match program
    Communicate with donors as appropriate to update them on students who
received scholarships

Development Support and Foundation-wide Responsibilities

Advance and represent the interests and mission of CFA at all times
    Work with Donor Services Officer to learn the role of development in CFA
activities
    Work toward advancing CFA donor base by assisting Donor Services Officer
with the cultivation and development of prospective donors, wealth advisors and
other supporters, and engaging them as appropriate
    Event planning to support donor activities and CFA mission
    Manage specific fund activities, as required


Job Requirements

Candidate Qualities

Excellent written and verbal communication skills
    Strong customer service orientation
    Ability to plan workflow (coordinating multiple projects simultaneously),
prioritize, and meet deadlines
    Attention to detail and follow-through
    Ability to take initiative, think creatively, be open to change, be
collegial and work collaboratively
    Proficiency in MS Office software applications, particularly Word, Excel,
and PowerPoint, as well as the ability to learn FIMS, WordPress, MailChimp, and
online donation (classy.org) and application (smarterselect.org) systems

Position Specifics

Full-time, some evening hours related to occasional events, some flexibility
    Bachelor degree strongly preferred
    3+ years of professional experience
    Potential for additional activities and position flexibility based on
candidate skill set

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 803 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Development Associate

LENGTH: 999  words

DATELINE: Lansing


National Association of Sales Professionals has issued the following job
announcement:


Development Associate
Job ID:  21508251
Position Title:  Development Associate
Company Name:  Community Foundation for the Alleghenies
Industry:  Community
Job Function:  Donor Services
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Johnstown, Pennsylvania, 15901, United States

Posted:  December 10, 2014
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  2-3 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Salary:  $30,000.00 - $40,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Brenda Chapple-Fulton  Phone:  8145367741 Ext. 114
Email Address:  bchapplefulton@cfalleghenies.org  Fax:  8145365859
Apply URL:  http://www.cfalleghenies.org
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

The Community Foundation for the Alleghenies manages more than $62 million in
community assets that have been entrusted to us through funds established by
individuals, families, corporations, and other entities. In 2014, we awarded
more than $3 million in grants to a wide range of nonprofit organizations,
including those dedicated to community and economic development,  health and
human services, education, the environment, heritage and recreation, and other
causes.  We also awarded an additional $775,000 in college scholarships to local
students.   The grants and scholarships represent the interest earned on the
funds established by our donors, as well as other contributions that were made
to the Community Foundation.

We seek a Development Associate to assist with the administration of our grants
and scholarship programs.  As a new position, the DA will also become fully
immersed in Foundation activity to learn the role of development, engaging
donors as appropriate and eventually advancing the Foundation donor base.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILTIES

Grant Administration

Major Grants Program (committee review of 100+ grants every Fall and Spring)

Help manage the online grant application database, including importing data from
an online grant administration program (SmarterSelect)  into the CFA database
software program (FIMS) and verifying a variety of applicant information (such
as IRS exemption)
    Work with Program and Communications Officer to prepare grant committee
meeting materials and manage the committee meeting logistics
    Prepare and distribute grant award information using FIMS data, including
merged award letters, grant agreements, check disbursements and final grant
reports
    Provide extensive administrative support to Program and Communications
Officer during grant process;  includes running various reports from FIMS,
obtaining additional info from grant applicants to clarify things, and preparing
template media materials
    Track receipt of all final grant reports, including reminders to grantees,
and summarize outcomes discussed in grant reports

Donor Requested (weekly requests from donors to process a donation)

Data entry into FIMS to prepare and track weekly check disbursements
    Prepare and distribute merged letters to accompany the checks
    Track receipt of final grant reports for grants of $1,000 or more

Scholarship Administration

Build and strengthen relationships with high school guidance offices and
administrators to promote the availability of college scholarship funds
administered by the CFA
    Educate area high schools on the mandatory use of the Smarter Select online
scholarship program
    Work with area high schools to confirm scholarship recipients and prepare
template materials for scholarship awards nights (i.e., confirming award and
pay-out process, honorary certificate)
    Manage a June event or other project to recognize individuals/families that
have established the scholarships, as well as the graduating seniors who are
receiving the scholarships
    Manage the database that includes scholarship recipient information,
including importing data from SmarterSelect into FIMS
    Prepare and distribute merged letters and scholarship checks to colleges via
FIMS export; work with colleges as needed to confirm receipt of scholarship
checks or confirm student enrollment
    Work with the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency on its
scholarship match program
    Communicate with donors as appropriate to update them on students who
received scholarships

Development Support and Foundation-wide Responsibilities

Advance and represent the interests and mission of CFA at all times
    Work with Donor Services Officer to learn the role of development in CFA
activities
    Work toward advancing CFA donor base by assisting Donor Services Officer
with the cultivation and development of prospective donors, wealth advisors and
other supporters, and engaging them as appropriate
    Event planning to support donor activities and CFA mission
    Manage specific fund activities, as required


Job Requirements

Candidate Qualities

Excellent written and verbal communication skills
    Strong customer service orientation
    Ability to plan workflow (coordinating multiple projects simultaneously),
prioritize, and meet deadlines
    Attention to detail and follow-through
    Ability to take initiative, think creatively, be open to change, be
collegial and work collaboratively
    Proficiency in MS Office software applications, particularly Word, Excel,
and PowerPoint, as well as the ability to learn FIMS, WordPress, MailChimp, and
online donation (classy.org) and application (smarterselect.org) systems

Position Specifics

Full-time, some evening hours related to occasional events, some flexibility
    Bachelor degree strongly preferred
    3+ years of professional experience
    Potential for additional activities and position flexibility based on
candidate skill set

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 804 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Lexington Man And His Medical Device Company Sued For Grant Fraud

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of Kentucky has issued
the following news release:



  The United States Government has sued a Lexington man, and the Lexington-based
medical device company he owns, for violations of the False Claims Act, a
federal law that prohibits people from submitting false or fraudulent claims for
payment to the federal government.





 On Tuesday, July 26, 2016, the United States filed a civil suit against Jerome
Hahn and Telehealth Holdings, LLC, alleging that they defrauded the government
by submitting false claims in connection with federal grants.  According to the
Complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, Telehealth received three grants from
the federal government, worth over $600,000, to support the development of a
sleep apnea monitoring system and the development of electronic pillboxes
customized for specific patient populations, including cancer patients.



 The Complaint alleges that Hahn and Telehealth committed fraud in connection
with these grants, including by making false statements in the grant
applications about Telehealth's personnel, facilities, and accounting systems.



 The Complaint also alleges that Hahn and Telehealth falsely stated in grant
reports that they had spent the grant funds for purposes of the grants and in
compliance with grant regulations.  Instead, Hahn and Telehealth allegedly spent
the grant money on personal expenses, such as meals at restaurants, a trip to
Keeneland Racecourse, and interest payments on personal credit cards.  Hahn and
Telehealth also allegedly used grant money on business expenses not allowed
under the grant regulations, including costs associated with marketing and
promoting their products.  Additionally, Hahn and Telehealth allegedly spent
over $100,000 in grant funds purchasing foreign goods and services, even though
grant regulations require grant recipients to use American goods and workers.



 According to the Complaint, Telehealth also falsified entries in its accounting
ledgers and created false invoices in order to conceal from the government that
the federal grant funds had been misspent.



 The Government contends that the false statements made in the grant
applications, the grant reports, and the accounting ledgers constitute
violations of the False Claims Act.  If the defendants are found liable at
trial, they would be responsible for paying three times the amount of loss
proven at trial, plus additional penalties for each false claim.



 In a related criminal case, Mr. Hahn pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud
the United States by making false claims in connection with grants that were
awarded to Telehealth.  On June 13, 2016, U.S. District Judge Danny C. Reeves
sentenced Hahn to four months in prison and an additional six months on home
detention.  Hahn was also ordered to pay $222,037 in restitution to the National
Institutes of Health.



 The investigation was conducted by the United States Attorney's Office for the
Eastern District of Kentucky; the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General; and the
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division.  Assistant U.S.
Attorney Kate K. Smith represented the United States in the related criminal
case.  Assistant United States Attorneys Christine Corndorf and Carrie B. Pond
are litigating the False Claims Act case on behalf of the Government.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 805 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 7, 2004 Thursday

College to host grant writing series

BYLINE: Journal Record staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


The Training Center at Oklahoma City Community College has scheduled a series of
grant writing classes.

Grant Writing from A to Z will show participants what is involved in securing a
grant, how to specialize a grant for different types of organizations, and how
to maintain a grant.

The first seminar, Grant Writing: Getting Started, is scheduled from 6 to 9 p.m.
on Oct. 19. The seminar will include fundamentals and terminology of proposal
development. The cost is $39 and includes a one-hour follow-up discussion with
the instructor to evaluate and critique grant proposals.

Grant Writing for Your Organization is focused on grant writing for different
types of organizations. Four different seminars are being offered.

Grants for Faith Based Groups will be held on from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Nov. 9 and
16 at a cost of $59.

Grants for Nonprofit Groups will be held from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Nov. 11 and 18.
The cost is $59.

Grants for For-Profit Groups is scheduled on Nov. 30 and Dec. 7 from 6:30 to
8:30 p.m. The cost is $59.

Proposal Writing for Foundation Grants will be held from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Dec.
2 and 9. The cost is $59.

The last installment in the grant writing seminar track, Grant Maintenance and
Reporting, begins from 6 to 9 p.m. Dec. 13. The class will show how to maintain
grants and how to provide reporting data to the funding sources. The cost is
$49.

The seminars will be in the Training Center on the fourth floor of the Library
at Oklahoma City Community College. For more information or to register, call
682-7562.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 806 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

DOT grants to aid in waterfront plans;
Coastal cities, towns to share $655,000

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


The Maine Department of Transportation has awarded $655,000 in grants to coastal
cities and towns under the Small Harbor Improvement Program.

These funds were made available through the voter-approved 2005 Transportation
Bond referendum. The grants require a local cash match of between 25 percent and
50 percent. The total program effort is expected to exceed $1.1 million.

The following is a partial list of communities that have received grant money
for improvements:

.  Addison, pier design, total cost $24,000, grant request $18,000, local match
$6,000.

.  Beals, pier design, total cost $20,000, grant request $15,000, local match
$5,000.

.  Brooksville, float purchase and installation, total cost $13,000, grant
request $6,500, local match $6,500.

.  Bucksport, gangway replacement, total cost $18,000, grant request $13,500,
local match $4,500.

.  Cranberry Isles, floats and gangway replacement, total cost $18,400, grant
request $13,000, local match $5,400.

.  Harrington, electrical hoist installation, total cost $20,000, grant request
$15,000, local match $5,000.

.  Islesboro, pier expansion, total cost $113,530, grant request $76,000, local
match $38,000.

.  Lincolnville, new wave screen, total cost $106,667, grant request $80,000,
local match $26,667.

.  Mount Desert Island, float purchase and ramp rehabilitation, total cost
$43,000, grant request $28,000, local match $15,000.

.  North Haven, fender piling replacement, total cost $17,220, grant request
$13,000, local match $4,333.

.  Perry, float and piling construction, total cost $110,000, grant request
$55,000, local match $55,000.

.  Southwest Harbor, pier design, total cost $40,000, grant request $20,000,
local match $20,000.

.  Winter Harbor, pier and ramp design, total cost $30,000, grant request
$20,000, local match $10,000.

There also will be a $100,000 grant made to the city of Bangor for additional
dock space along the city's waterfront, under the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Services Boating Infrastructure Grant, or BIG, program.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                          FOCUS - 807 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Bail set at $20K for man accused of abducting son

BYLINE: Morgan Palmer, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Dec. 28--DOVER -- A Dover District Court judge has ordered a Berwick, Maine, man
accused of abducting his 18-month-old son from his mother in July, be held on
$20,000 cash bail and have no contact with his son.

Jeremiah Grant, 33, is charged with a felony count of endangering the welfare of
a child and the misdemeanor charge of taking without consent stemming from an
incident on July 16.

According to Assistant Strafford County Attorney Jennifer Chase, Grant abducted
his son, Malachi Grant, from his mother's home in Somersworth. The boy's mother,
Stephanie Fall, was taking a shower while Grant was with their son, Chase said.
When Fall came out of the shower, Grant, Malachi and her car were missing.

An Amber Alert was issued for the child and Grant was arrested roughly 12 hours
later by police in Farmington, Maine.

Grant allegedly led officers on a "low-speed chase," but police were able to
stop the vehicle with the use of road spikes, which punctured the front tire.
After Grant stopped the car about a mile after the vehicle hit the road spikes,
he exited the vehicle and complied with all orders, Cote said. The baby was
unharmed.

During Grant's arraignment on Dec. 18, Chase requested Grant be held on $50,000
cash bail and require Grant be monitored by the Strafford County Community
Corrections Bail Supervision Program and wear a GPS tracking device if he posted
bail. Chase also requested Grant have no contact with his son or Fall, that the
event was "traumatic" and Fall was worried for her safety if Grant was released.

Grant has been incarcerated at Franklin County Jail in Farmington, Maine, for
the last five months after pleading guilty to eluding police.

Grant stated the event was triggered by his mental health problems, and that he
had undergone three weeks of "intense" treatment at the Riverview Psychiatric
Center in Augusta, Maine, after his arrest.

Grant told Judge Stephen Morrison he had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder
with psychotic features, post traumatic stress disorder and panic disorder. He
told Morrison he had been on a mood stabilizer for the last three months and it
had "changed his life." Grant said he wanted to be able to have contact with his
son, even if that meant having supervised visits.

Morrison ruled Grant be held on $20,000 cash bail and have no contact with his
son or Fall. Grant has not posted bail. A probable cause hearing is scheduled
for Grant on Jan. 4.

___ (c)2015 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151228-1FD-Bail-set-at-20K-for-man-accused-of-abducting-son-1228-20151228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2015 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                          FOCUS - 808 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 17, 2008 Monday

Circle of 10 teaching how to secure grants

BYLINE: Kelly Young, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


Mar. 17--A Circle of Ten is offering a three-day grant writing workshop March
25-27 for people and organizations interested in learning how to research and
apply for grant funds.

The curriculum is separated into two parts, and the advanced class (Part II) is
the one that will meet in March.

"Part I teaches collaboration, networking and introduces grant working, while
Part II is a more in-depth study of grant writing where they actually get to
write their own grants," said Sue Oliver, communications coordinator for C10.
"It's a full-day class that begins at 8:30 in the morning and goes until 4:30 in
the afternoon, with a break for lunch. Completion of Part I is required prior to
attending Part II."

Most of the people who attend grant-writing workshops are from a non-profit
businesses like a social service organization or a municipality, Oliver said.

"We mainly deal with people from non-profits, but there are also a lot of grants
available to people trying to start up their own business and things like that,"
she said. "There are grants out there for all kinds of things -- you can't
imagine them all. The purpose of these classes is to help bring this grant money
into East Texas."

Oliver said the area is currently missing out on untold amounts of state and
federal grant money.

"We don't receive the proportion of grant funds that we should. We had a woman
here from the National Endowment for the Arts, and she said that the reason our
region hasn't been getting grant money is because we haven't been asking. She
said they have never had anyone from East Texas ask them for funding," Oliver
said. "It's unbelievable how much grant money there is available that could be
coming to East Texas but currently isn't."

Completing C10's training class isn't a requirement necessary in order to apply
for grants, but Oliver said it is a very useful tool to give people the
knowledge needed to research and find the funding they are looking for. Ken
Ripkowski, the city of Jacksonville's grant writer, is an alum of the program.

A maximum of 15 people can attend each workshop, and Oliver said five openings
are still available for the March classes.

"The cost for the class is $800, and we do have sponsors who can offer partial
scholarships to people that attend. Our sponsors all have interests in certain
areas, so they will give scholarships, usually of $200, to people attending the
class who have expressed interest in that particular area," she said. "In the
last class, one person got three partial scholarships, and others have gotten
two in the past."

Part I of the curriculum will be taught again April 29-30 and May 1 and May
20-22. After the March workshops, Part II will not be taught again until June.

For more information or to apply for a workshop, call C10 at 903-541-0013 or
e-mail circleof10@circleof10.org

To see more of the Jacksonville Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.jacksonvilleprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2008,
Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080317-JD-Circle-of-10-teaching-how-to-secure-grants-0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 809 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2014 Monday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22109378

LENGTH: 948  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  03/21/2014
Posting Expires:  04/01/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Computer skills; use of egrants software applications.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Developmental Disabilities Services

Hiring Official
Traci Harris

Special Work Condition
In-state travel.

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22109378
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs/

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 810 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 June 01, 2008
                                   e1 Edition

Saving taxpayers billions by catching fraudsters

BYLINE: Eleanor Momberg

SECTION: DISPATCHES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 742 words


The state will save more than R8 billion in future social grant payouts because
of the success of the special investigations unit's (SIU's) probe into social
grant fraud.

The department of correctional services has also benefited to the tune of nearly
R4 billion recovered during a probe into information technology contracts and
medical aid fraud by prison warders and doctors.

Willie Hofmeyr, the SIU head, said the unit was involved in more than 20
projects, four of which were major national investigations. Among them were
probes into corruption in prisons, corruption within the social grant system,
housing allocations, the issuing of fraudulent driver's licences and
maladministration and corruption at municipalities in the Eastern Cape.

The investigation into social grant fraud launched in 2005 was the largest,
saving the government more than R8 billion.

According to the SIU, also known as the Cobras, more than 200 investigators were
involved in the probe into social grants. Almost 11,2 million people received
social grants between 1996 and 2007. Among those registered to receive grants
were 43 000 officials, some of whom had defrauded the system by misrepresenting
their financial status.

According to the department of social development, it was also found that some
government employees who had initially qualified for a social grant because of
their financial status, had improved their status and failed to notify the
department.

Most affected were disability grants, care dependency grants, old age grants and
child support grants.

In addition, syndicates procured false identity documents to defraud the social
grant system.

More than 21 588 government employees found to be receiving payment unlawfully
were removed from the social grant system. Also nabbed were 1 000 beneficiaries
coming from Swaziland to South Africa each month to receive a social grant, as
well as people falsely claiming medical disability grants and child care
payouts.

Since 2005, 6 195 people have been convicted of social grant fraud, 14 815
government officials have faced disciplinary hearings and 16 188 fraudsters have
agreed to pay back R89 million. The annual value of grants removed from the
system is R1 069 billion.

In March, Zola Skweyiya, the social development minister, told parliament's
social development committee that the new South African Social Security Agency
(SASSA) had failed to put an end to social welfare grant fraud.

"A lot of fraud still exists, especially in provinces such as KwaZulu-Natal," he
said.

"Lots of the syndicates that have been working within the department are now in
SASSA."

Earlier this year, the correctional services department admitted to parliament's
correctional services portfolio committee that its procurement system was
plagued by corruption and maladministration.

Vernie Petersen, the correctional services commissioner, had told the committee
that the SIU had already helped the department recover R3,4 billion. This
included R8 million recovered during the probe into medical aid fraud in the
2006/07 financial year.

The SIU conducted a forensic audit in the department last year, and was now
probing IT, security and building contracts awarded to one company, while also
probing contracts related to a number of repair and maintenance projects, food
supply and clothing.

Itumeleng Kotsoane, the housing director general, said this year that 31 000
civil servants were being investigated by the SIU for possible fraud and
corruption related to how they acquired low-cost houses meant for the poor.

Of these, 3 800 were already facing prosecution.

A lot of this fraud, he said, had taken place in the late 1990s and early 2000
because of the failure of the department's systems to detect and verify some of
the applicants' details.

"Working with other agencies of government, the department has improved its
monitoring and verification systems," he said.

Since the launch of the investigation in 2007, 443 public servants had signed an
acknowledgement of debt with the SIU totalling R9,3 million. Nearly R1 million
of this amount has been already paid back.

Since the start of the investigation into driver's licence irregularities, 104
705 licence cancellations have been recommended.

Before the new national investigation launched in 2005, the unit had probed
fraudulent licences in Limpopo between 1994 and 1999. It recommended that about
11 percent of the 240 000 drivers' licences that were audited be cancelled.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 811 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

100-year-old whisky recipe revives classic

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 375 words


Exactly 100 years ago founder of Grant's Whisky, William Grant, wrote down the
recipe of the company's first produced whisky. And the blends were handed down
from generation to generation verbally.

Until now - that is.

So, when Grant's archivist Paul Kendall, discovered the company's oldest whisky
book in the family archives in Scotland, showing the exact whiskies that Grant
used to create Grant's Stand Fast on the 11 June, 1912, it was unanimous that
the historic whisky must be recreated to celebrate the discovery.

On the exact date, 100 years later Grant's current Master Blender Brian Kinsman,
recreated 100 bottles of the original Stand Fast whisky, using the same records
handwritten by William Grant himself, and the same whiskies from the 1912
original blend to create Grant's Stand Fast with the unique Grant's house style
taste - a rich, honeyed, blended Scotch whisky.

Using his expertise, Kinsman interpreted the old records to recreate the 1912
blend, a |Speyside style of whisky that has slowly |evolved over the years as
distilleries have |come and gone.

"As master blenders we learn how to make whisky by knowledge handed down in
person from one master blender to the next. It's why it takes around a decade of
training to take on the title," said Kinsman, Grant's sixth master blender. "The
new Grant's Stand Fast is special and is very close to what William Grant
created back in 1912."

Today, Grant's is a highly awarded whisky by the experts, which the company
believes shows that what Grant created over 100 years ago was a "great tasting
whisky".

Unfortunately for whisky lovers, the bottles won't be sold. Instead, they will
be included in the family archive alongside the blending book for future
generations to raise a glass to master blenders past and present.

The Grant's story started when founder William Grant's distillery produced its
first golden drop of spirit in 1887. The discovery of the blending book and
recreation of the Stand Fast blend comes at an important time for Grant's, as
the company begins celebrations of its 125th anniversary of this event later
this year.

Today, crafted by master blender Kinsman, Grant's is the oldest family-owned
blend in Scotland and one of the world's most popular Scotch whiskies.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 812 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

R130bn in grants not a luxury, says minister

BYLINE:  Siyabonga Mkhwanazi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 342 words


SOCIAL Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini has defended the R130 billion
given out in social grants, saying grants were not a luxury.

She said grants provided the necessary cover and |protection to the poor and
|vulnerable groups.

Dlamini, who was briefing the media in Parliament yesterday after her budget
vote, said critics of the grants should consider the social |factors pushing the
state to get more people on the social |security network.

Currently, the budget for social grants was R130 billion for 16.1 million
people.

Critics of the grants have argued that the system was not sustainable because of
low economic growth, poor jobs and lack of skilled labour.

This situation has had the unintended consequence of creating a nation dependent
on social grants.

The economy was growing at less than 2 percent in spite of the government
pushing for 5 percent economic growth in five years.

Ratings agency Moody's said this week the economy would not achieve 3 percent
growth in the next two years.

The National Treasury has projected a 2 percent growth this year.

Dlamini's special adviser, Zane Dangor, said there should be no outcry on the
number |of people on social grants because this was not a dole system, where the
government supported able-bodied, unemployed people. "We only spend 3 percent of
our GDP on social grants, which is not huge," said Dangor.

He said despite the projection of low economic growth, the country's social
grant system was still sustainable.

South Africa has been shown by studies to be one of the best performers on
social grants.

Child-support grants, which takes up a huge pile of the social grant system of
R130bn, have grown from 100 000 in 1994 to 11 million beneficiaries.

The other categories of grants beneficiaries are the elderly, who constitute 3.1
million people. The rest are disability grants, foster care grants, military
veterans and care-dependency grants.

The department has also clarified that its policy on new beneficiaries of social
grants, those between 18 and 21 years old, was still being finalised.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 813 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: Sid W. Richardson Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Sid W. Richardson Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 15, 2014
Contact

Phone: 817.336.0494
Email: info@sidrichardson.org
Purpose

The Sid W. Richardson Foundation provides grants to nonprofit organizations that
address education, healthcare, human services, and the arts.

Examples of grants given include:
Education:

Grants to K-12 schools for supplies, projects, and programs
    Grants for educational programs for childcare providers and their families
    Grants for after school programs

Health:

Capital funding for clinic and hospitals
    Grants for technology improvement in hospitals and clinics
    Grants for conferences and expos about health care topics
    Grants for health research
    Grants to colleges and universities to support health professions
educational programs
    Grants for programs that offer health services to low-income populations

Human Services:

Grants for transitional housing programs
    Grants for programs that address the needs of low-income families
    Grants for programs that assist people who have disabilities
    Grants for programs that address abuse, domestic violence, and family
development

Arts and Culture:

Grants for community art projects
    Grants for theater programs

Eligibility

Nonprofit 501(c)(3) organizations based in Texas and serving residents of Texas
are eligible to apply. Grants for human services and cultural organizations are
limited to the Fort Worth area.
Geographic
coverage  Texas
Amount of
funding

No limit is set. Grants of up to $3,000,000 have been awarded.
Application
process

Links to the application form are available on the program website. Applicants
can submit applications online or via mail.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Arts and culture, Capital funding, Child
care, Community development, Health research, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, Job training and adult education, Schools,
Technology, Workforce, Texas

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 814 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2013 Monday

Utah: Sid W. Richardson Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Sid W. Richardson Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 15, 2014
Contact

Phone: 817.336.0494
Email: info@sidrichardson.org
Purpose

The Sid W. Richardson Foundation provides grants to nonprofit organizations that
address education, healthcare, human services, and the arts.

Examples of grants given include:
Education:

Grants to K-12 schools for supplies, projects, and programs
    Grants for educational programs for childcare providers and their families
    Grants for after school programs

Health:

Capital funding for clinic and hospitals
    Grants for technology improvement in hospitals and clinics
    Grants for conferences and expos about health care topics
    Grants for health research
    Grants to colleges and universities to support health professions
educational programs
    Grants for programs that offer health services to low-income populations

Human Services:

Grants for transitional housing programs
    Grants for programs that address the needs of low-income families
    Grants for programs that assist people who have disabilities
    Grants for programs that address abuse, domestic violence, and family
development

Arts and Culture:

Grants for community art projects
    Grants for theater programs

Eligibility

Nonprofit 501(c)(3) organizations based in Texas and serving residents of Texas
are eligible to apply. Grants for human services and cultural organizations are
limited to the Fort Worth area.
Geographic
coverage  Texas
Amount of
funding

No limit is set. Grants of up to $3,000,000 have been awarded.
Application
process

Links to the application form are available on the program website. Applicants
can submit applications online or via mail.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Arts and culture, Capital funding, Child
care, Community development, Health research, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, Job training and adult education, Schools,
Technology, Workforce, Texas

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 815 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                    Western Morning News Business Supplement

                                November 9, 2000

This week's grant

SECTION: SPORT; ANGLING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 502 words


Smart (formerly Small Firms Merit Award for Research and Technology) What does
it do? Smart is the Small Business Service's package of support which provides
grants to help individuals and small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs) review
their use of technology, access technology and research and develop
technologically innovative products and processes. It has recently been updated
and developed, extending the range of grants on offer. The following help is
available: Technology Reviews - grants for SMEs towards the costs of expert
reviews against best practice.

Technology Studies - grants for SMEs to help identify technological
opportunities leading to innovative products and processes.

Micro-Projects - grants are available to help individuals and micro-firms with
the development of low-cost prototypes of products and processes involving
technical advances and/or novelty.

Feasibility Studies - grants awarded to individuals and small firms undertaking
feasibility studies into innovative technologies.

Development Projects - grants to SMEs undertaking development projects.

Exceptional Development Projects - grants to SMEs undertaking development
projects.

Exceptional Development Projects - grants may be available for SMEs to bring
forward a small number of high cost development projects.

Who can apply? Eligibility of applicants is dependent upon the size of the
business, as follows: For Micro-Projects: fewer than 10 employees.

For Feasibility Projects: fewer than 50 employees.

For Development Projects, Technology Review and Technology Studies; fewer than
250 employees.

Geographical coverage Smart operates across the UK.

Rationale for the grant The grant aims to provide support for businesses to
develop new technologies, or to acquire those developed for them by competent
technology providers. The ultimate objectives are to improve the future
competitiveness of the UK by supporting innovative SMEs which are a major source
of new wealth, employment and exports, and to help encourage investment in
innovative technology.

How much can you get?  Technology Reviews - grants of up to GBP 2,500.

Technology Studies - grants of up to GBP 5,000.

Micro-Projects - grants of up to GBP 10,000.

Feasibility Studies - grants of up to GBP 45,000.

Development Projects - grants up to GBP 150,000.

Exceptional Development Projects - grants of up to GBP 450,000.

What's included? Grants can cover costs such as labour, overheads, net cost of
capital equipment, materials, sub-contracting, market assessment and
intellectual property. Purchase of land or buildings and marketing costs are not
eligible for support.

How to apply For more information, contact Paul Tiltman at: Government Office
for the South West, Mast House, Shepherds Wharf, 24 Sutton Road, Plymouth PL4
0HJ. Tel: 01752 635000, Fax: 01752 635005.

Information supplied by Charlotte Davies, project manager of DeFacto Project
Management in Falmouth. Tel 01326-311999.


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2000 Western Morning News


                          FOCUS - 816 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2011

June Williams Grant Ganey

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 302  words


June Williams Grant Ganey, 79, of Trout, passed from this life on Friday,
February 11, 2011, at the LaSalle General Hospital of Jena.

She was born August 4, 1931 in Pearson, LA to the union of her parents, Samuel
and Lavicia Williams.

Mrs. Ganey was a lifelong active member of Justiss Memorial Methodist Church of
Trout. She was a member of the choir, taught Sunday school, and Vacation Bible
School. She served on the board of council of the church for over 60 years,
serving in all positions.

She was a cursello member and a member of the Eastern Star and a past volunteer
for Hospice. Most of all, she was a devoted and loving mother, grandmother and
great grandmother and very proud of her family. She was a prayer warrior and
kept her family ever in her prayers. She will be sadly missed by all who loved
her.

A celebration of life was held in the chapel of Hixson Brothers Funeral Home of
Jena at 1 p.m., Saturday, Feb.

12, with the Rev. Dr. Curtis Carroll officiating.

Interment followed in the Belah Cemetery under direction of Hixson Brothers,
Inc. of Jena.

She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband, Charles Bruce Ganey; son,
Stephen Keith Grant; and seven brothers and one sister.

Survivors include three sons, Warren Michael Grant and wife Jeanette of Jena,
William Todd Grant and wife Renae of Trout, and David E. Grant and wife Lisa of
Belah; 12 grandchildren, Michael Grant, Michelle Grant, Lanelle Grant, Lauren
Lambeth, Lindsey King, Stephen Grant, Brittany Grant, Morgan Crooks, Courtney
Grant, Tyler Grant, Taylor Grant, and Jada Ganey; and a host of great
grandchildren, nieces and nephews.

Pallbearers were Todd Grant, David Grant, Mike Grant, Stephen Grant, Tyler Grant
and Michael Grant.

Honorary pallbearers were Daniel Crooks, Rad Morphis, Josh Lambeth, Cody King
and Clifford Elliott.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 The Jena Times


                          FOCUS - 817 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Washington: Lexington Man and His Medical Device Company Sued for Grant Fraud

LENGTH: 585  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The United States Government has sued a Lexington man, and the Lexington-based
medical device company he owns, for violations of the False Claims Act, a
federal law that prohibits people from submitting false or fraudulent claims for
payment to the federal government.

On Tuesday, July 26, 2016, the United States filed a civil suit against Jerome
Hahn and Telehealth Holdings, LLC, alleging that they defrauded the government
by submitting false claims in connection with federal grants.  According to the
Complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, Telehealth received three grants from
the federal government, worth over $600,000, to support the development of a
sleep apnea monitoring system and the development of electronic pillboxes
customized for specific patient populations, including cancer patients. The
Complaint alleges that Hahn and Telehealth committed fraud in connection with
these grants, including by making false statements in the grant applications
about Telehealth's personnel, facilities, and accounting systems. The Complaint
also alleges that Hahn and Telehealth falsely stated in grant reports that they
had spent the grant funds for purposes of the grants and in compliance with
grant regulations.  Instead, Hahn and Telehealth allegedly spent the grant money
on personal expenses, such as meals at restaurants, a trip to Keeneland
Racecourse, and interest payments on personal credit cards.  Hahn and Telehealth
also allegedly used grant money on business expenses not allowed under the grant
regulations, including costs associated with marketing and promoting their
products.  Additionally, Hahn and Telehealth allegedly spent over $100,000 in
grant funds purchasing foreign goods and services, even though grant regulations
require grant recipients to use American goods and workers. According to the
Complaint, Telehealth also falsified entries in its accounting ledgers and
created false invoices in order to conceal from the government that the federal
grant funds had been misspent. The Government contends that the false statements
made in the grant applications, the grant reports, and the accounting ledgers
constitute violations of the False Claims Act.  If the defendants are found
liable at trial, they would be responsible for paying three times the amount of
loss proven at trial, plus additional penalties for each false claim. In a
related criminal case, Mr. Hahn pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the
United States by making false claims in connection with grants that were awarded
to Telehealth.  On June 13, 2016, U.S. District Judge Danny C. Reeves sentenced
Hahn to four months in prison and an additional six months on home detention.
Hahn was also ordered to pay $222,037 in restitution to the National Institutes
of Health. The investigation was conducted by the United States Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Kentucky; the Federal Bureau of
Investigation; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General; and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation
Division.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Kate K. Smith represented the United States
in the related criminal case.  Assistant United States Attorneys Christine
Corndorf and Carrie B. Pond are litigating the False Claims Act case on behalf
of the Government.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 818 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Lexington Man and His Medical Device Company Sued for Grant Fraud

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Western District of Kentucky has issued
the following news release:



  The United States Government has sued a Lexington man, and the Lexington-based
medical device company he owns, for violations of the False Claims Act, a
federal law that prohibits people from submitting false or fraudulent claims for
payment to the federal government.





 On Tuesday, July 26, 2016, the United States filed a civil suit against Jerome
Hahn and Telehealth Holdings, LLC, alleging that they defrauded the government
by submitting false claims in connection with federal grants.  According to the
Complaint, filed in U.S. District Court, Telehealth received three grants from
the federal government, worth over $600,000, to support the development of a
sleep apnea monitoring system and the development of electronic pillboxes
customized for specific patient populations, including cancer patients.



 The Complaint alleges that Hahn and Telehealth committed fraud in connection
with these grants, including by making false statements in the grant
applications about Telehealth's personnel, facilities, and accounting systems.



 The Complaint also alleges that Hahn and Telehealth falsely stated in grant
reports that they had spent the grant funds for purposes of the grants and in
compliance with grant regulations.  Instead, Hahn and Telehealth allegedly spent
the grant money on personal expenses, such as meals at restaurants, a trip to
Keeneland Racecourse, and interest payments on personal credit cards.  Hahn and
Telehealth also allegedly used grant money on business expenses not allowed
under the grant regulations, including costs associated with marketing and
promoting their products.  Additionally, Hahn and Telehealth allegedly spent
over $100,000 in grant funds purchasing foreign goods and services, even though
grant regulations require grant recipients to use American goods and workers.



 According to the Complaint, Telehealth also falsified entries in its accounting
ledgers and created false invoices in order to conceal from the government that
the federal grant funds had been misspent.



 The Government contends that the false statements made in the grant
applications, the grant reports, and the accounting ledgers constitute
violations of the False Claims Act.  If the defendants are found liable at
trial, they would be responsible for paying three times the amount of loss
proven at trial, plus additional penalties for each false claim.



 In a related criminal case, Mr. Hahn pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud
the United States by making false claims in connection with grants that were
awarded to Telehealth.  On June 13, 2016, U.S. District Judge Danny C. Reeves
sentenced Hahn to four months in prison and an additional six months on home
detention.  Hahn was also ordered to pay $222,037 in restitution to the National
Institutes of Health.



 The investigation was conducted by the United States Attorney's Office for the
Eastern District of Kentucky; the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General; and the
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division.  Assistant U.S.
Attorney Kate K. Smith represented the United States in the related criminal
case.  Assistant United States Attorneys Christine Corndorf and Carrie B. Pond
are litigating the False Claims Act case on behalf of the Government.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 819 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 22103260

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Human Services, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  06/24/2014
Posting Expires:  07/06/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Good Communication Skills; Case Management Experience
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Division of Developmental Disabilities Services

Hiring Official
Martha Smith

Special Work Condition
Computer Skills Required; Knowledge of Microsoft Programs; Good Writing Skills;
Some Travel Required

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22103260
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  north little rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 820 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Arkansas: GRANTS ANALYST Position No.: 2207-9923

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Finance and Administration, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following job vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Department of Finance & Administration
Office:  DFA
Section:  Intergovernmental Services
Date Posted:  07/14/2014
Posting Expires:  07/18/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
ONLY COMPLETED APPLICATIONS WITH WORK HISTORY WILL BE ACCEPTED.
The work history section of the application must be completed. We do not accept
resumes in lieu of completing this section.

Job Details
Position No.:  2207-9923
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  No
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  Tanya Sheppard
Phone:  501.324.9065

For further information please visit: http://www.dfa.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 821 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                             April 30, 2001, Monday

Foundation forms new focus for grant giving

BYLINE: RAQUEL SANTIAGO

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 476 words


The William J. and Dorothy K. O'Neill Foundation of Cleveland has narrowed the
focus of its general grant making to projects specifically designed to improve
the business operations of grant seekers.

By narrowing its scope, the foundation hopes to help grant recipients become
more effective in running their daily operations and in meeting the needs of the
people they serve, said William J. O'Neill Jr., the foundation's founder and
trustee.

"We look upon grant making as an investment," Mr. O'Neill said. "We don't see
ourselves just giving money away but investing in organizations that can bring
value to the community. Rather than (give out) a large number of grants, we feel
if we bring focus to grant making, we'll be able to do a better job."

The change for the 14-year-old foundation with an endowment of $15.5 million
will go into effect immediately. Of the $1.5 million the foundation expects to
grant this year, about 46%, or $690,000, will be given to organizations building
their capabilities and business functions through what nonprofit organizations
call capacity building, Mr. O'Neill said.

The new focus will support initiatives such as board development, staff
development, program development and strategic planning. It also will place
increased emphasis on outcomes, Mr. O'Neill said. The foundation intends to
follow closely and document how the grant money is used.

Before implementing the capacity-building focus, Mr. O'Neill said the foundation
tended to make a large number of small grants, and it was difficult to assess
their value to recipients. By targeting capacity building, the foundation likely
will issue larger, more focused grants, he said.

The O'Neill foundation will review grant requests in March, June, September and
December. It is slated to review the first requests for capacity-building grants
in June and will continue to issue matching grants and grants for its family
focus, which aims to build fathers' bonds with their families in urban
neighborhoods.

All the grants will be made in Cleveland and 14 other cities nationwide where
O'Neill family members live.

The number of grants the foundation issues also is bound to increase because the
foundation later this year expects to receive what Mr. O'Neill called a
"substantial bequest" from a family estate. Mr. O'Neill declined to identify the
family member who passed away nearly three years ago.

At the end of 2000, the O'Neill foundation had net assets of $15.5 million. It
typically has disbursed $800,000 to $900,000 annually, Mr. O'Neill said. That
amount is expected to grow to $1.5 million this year, he said.

The O'Neill foundation was established in 1987 with proceeds from the sale of
Leaseway Transportation Co., a Beachwood-based international trucking company
founded by Mr. O'Neill's father and two uncles.

LOAD-DATE: May 01, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Crain Communications, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 822 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 15, 2010 Friday

Police receive equipment grant

BYLINE: Tesa Culli, Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


Oct. 15--MT. VERNON -- The Mt. Vernon Police Department has received a grant to
help replace bulletproof vests.

"We have to replace vests every year," MVPD Chief Chris Mendenall said. "This is
a 50/50 grant, and it will cover the next two or three years."

Mendenall said bulletproof vests are only able to be used for five years to
provide protection for officers, and the department replaces the vests on a
rotating basis every year.

The $10,000 grant was awarded as part of the U.S. Department of Justice
Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program. Since the grant program began in
1999, there are been 13,000 jurisdictions which have been awarded $277 million
in federal funds to purchase 800,000 bulletproof vests. Mendenall said the city
was awarded funds for more than one grant year.

According to information on the grant program, other local departments which
were awarded funds include Centralia, with $340; Clinton County at $5,400; and
Irvington with $1,050.

This is the third grant obtained by the MVPD in the past three months. In
August, the city received notification it had received a $20,500 grant from the
Illinois Law Enforcement Alarm System to replaced three aging squad car
computers. Earlier this month, the department was notified it had received
another grant administered by the U.S. Department of Justice -- the Community
Oriented Policing Services Hiring Program Grant. The COPS grant is $302,982, to
be given over three years to pay salaries and benefits for two new police
officers. The city will then be required to pick up the salaries and benefits
for the officers during the fourth year of the grant program.

"These grants are a great tool to help us control costs," Mendenall said. "The
bulletproof vest grant program will be a big help in doing that."

To see more of Mt. Vernon Register-News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Mt. Vernon Register-News,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101015-VR-Police-receive-equipment-grant-1015-20101015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                    Copyright 2010 Mt. Vernon Register-News


                          FOCUS - 823 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Jane Washburn Grant

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


Dover-Foxcroft - (Nellie) Jane Washburn Grant, 91, of Dover-Foxcroft, passed
away Saturday, March 19, 2016, after a brief illness.Â



Jane, born March 2, 1925, was the seventh of nine children of Fred and Hattie
Washburn of Dover-Foxcroft, and the loving wife of Herbert N. Grant, who passed
in 2012. She is survived by one sister and brother-in-law, Carolyn and Oscar
Olson of Pittsfield, MA; one brother, Dr. Richard Washburn of Gig Harbor, WA;
and 3 sisters-in-law, Arlene Grant of Augusta, Myra Grant of Dover-Foxcroft and
Tillie Grant of North Falmouth, MA; and by numerous nieces and nephews. She was
predeceased by brother, Frank Washburn; brother and sister-in-law, Bob and Norma
Washburn; sisters and brothers-in-law, Charlotte and Leon Palmer, Metella and
Dwight Woodworth, Berta and Tom Fitzgerald, and Mabel and Keith Parkman; as well
as in-laws, Ken and Ruth Grant, Erlon Grant, Lyle Grant and Ray Knight. She was
also predeceased by her first grandson, Wayne Farrington Grant. Jane's greatest
legacy, besides her boundless energy and inexhaustible sense of humor, is her
large and loving family. She is survived by eight sons and their wives and a
daughter, Bruce and Nancy Grant, Ted and Sue Grant, Ken and Sue Grant, Jeff and
Janet Grant, and Julie (Grant) Knowlton, all of Dover-Foxcroft, Richard and
Nancy Grant and Gary and Jackie Grant of Glenburn, Mark and Vicki Grant of
Hermon, and Scott and Kerry Grant of Derry, New Hampshire.

Jane also had 30 grandchildren, 41 great-grandchildren, and two
great-great-grandchildren and her family continues to increase.


Jane was a hard-working farm wife. Although as a girl she said that she would
never marry a farmer, when she fell in love with the handsome man driving the
tractor that pulled the potato digger in 1943, she happily married him in 1944,
and made a loving home on a dairy farm in Dover-Foxcroft. As she tended her
gardens, her children and her cows, she also found time to be active with the
Extension Service, serve on the school board and serve as a 4-H leader. Her
children grew and the cows moved off the farm and Jane went to work at Eastern
States, later named Agway. She left her job there to become a teacher aid in
special education, when that was a brand new entity. She enjoyed working with
her 'kids' and loved taking them to the Special Olympics. It was during this
time that she met her very special friend and 'udder daughter,' Janice Ellis.
Jane was well-known for welcoming one and all to her farm kitchen table and
could feed large numbers of people with humor and grace. Over the years she
'unofficially adopted' both friends and family who needed some mothering and
loved the title of 'udder mudder' bestowed upon her from one and all. Each
summer Jane's brothers and sisters would return home for summer vacation. There
was nothing she loved more than gathering together with them for supper and a
lively game of cards. She told stories and jokes and generally kept everyone in
stitches. There was nothing too ridiculous for Jane to do or wear if it would
give her friends and family a good laugh. Jane maintained her love of cards
right up to the end and would get a few friends together for a game of hand and
foot at least once a week. She also continued activities at the YMCA, with the
Pine Needle Christmas Club and at her beloved Dover-Foxcroft Congregational
Church. For a humble farm wife with no particular claim to fame, Jane's loving,
joyful presence will be missed by her huge family and by the many friends who
she considered family.


A celebration of Jane's life will be held 1 p.m. Saturday, March 26, at the
Dover-Foxcroft Congregational Church, West Main Street. Refreshments will be
served in the fellowship hall after the service. There will be a graveside
service in the summer. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the
Community Fuel Fund at the Dover-Foxcroft Congregational Church, P.O. Box 328,
Dover-Foxcroft, ME 04426 or call 207-564-2872 or to the Washburn Scholarship at
Foxcroft Academy, 975 W Main St, Dover-Foxcroft, ME 04426 or to Special
Olympics. Arrangements are in the care of the Lary Funeral Home. Condolences and
memories may be expressed at www.laryfuneralhome.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                          FOCUS - 824 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Jane Washburn Grant

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


Dover-Foxcroft - (Nellie) Jane Washburn Grant, 91, of Dover-Foxcroft, passed
away Saturday, March 19, 2016, after a brief illness.Â



Jane, born March 2, 1925, was the seventh of nine children of Fred and Hattie
Washburn of Dover-Foxcroft, and the loving wife of Herbert N. Grant, who passed
in 2012. She is survived by one sister and brother-in-law, Carolyn and Oscar
Olson of Pittsfield, MA; one brother, Dr. Richard Washburn of Gig Harbor, WA;
and 3 sisters-in-law, Arlene Grant of Augusta, Myra Grant of Dover-Foxcroft and
Tillie Grant of North Falmouth, MA; and by numerous nieces and nephews. She was
predeceased by brother, Frank Washburn; brother and sister-in-law, Bob and Norma
Washburn; sisters and brothers-in-law, Charlotte and Leon Palmer, Metella and
Dwight Woodworth, Berta and Tom Fitzgerald, and Mabel and Keith Parkman; as well
as in-laws, Ken and Ruth Grant, Erlon Grant, Lyle Grant and Ray Knight. She was
also predeceased by her first grandson, Wayne Farrington Grant. Jane's greatest
legacy, besides her boundless energy and inexhaustible sense of humor, is her
large and loving family. She is survived by eight sons and their wives and a
daughter, Bruce and Nancy Grant, Ted and Sue Grant, Ken and Sue Grant, Jeff and
Janet Grant, and Julie (Grant) Knowlton, all of Dover-Foxcroft, Richard and
Nancy Grant and Gary and Jackie Grant of Glenburn, Mark and Vicki Grant of
Hermon, and Scott and Kerry Grant of Derry, New Hampshire.

Jane also had 30 grandchildren, 41 great-grandchildren, and two
great-great-grandchildren and her family continues to increase.


Jane was a hard-working farm wife. Although as a girl she said that she would
never marry a farmer, when she fell in love with the handsome man driving the
tractor that pulled the potato digger in 1943, she happily married him in 1944,
and made a loving home on a dairy farm in Dover-Foxcroft. As she tended her
gardens, her children and her cows, she also found time to be active with the
Extension Service, serve on the school board and serve as a 4-H leader. Her
children grew and the cows moved off the farm and Jane went to work at Eastern
States, later named Agway. She left her job there to become a teacher aid in
special education, when that was a brand new entity. She enjoyed working with
her 'kids' and loved taking them to the Special Olympics. It was during this
time that she met her very special friend and 'udder daughter,' Janice Ellis.
Jane was well-known for welcoming one and all to her farm kitchen table and
could feed large numbers of people with humor and grace. Over the years she
'unofficially adopted' both friends and family who needed some mothering and
loved the title of 'udder mudder' bestowed upon her from one and all. Each
summer Jane's brothers and sisters would return home for summer vacation. There
was nothing she loved more than gathering together with them for supper and a
lively game of cards. She told stories and jokes and generally kept everyone in
stitches. There was nothing too ridiculous for Jane to do or wear if it would
give her friends and family a good laugh. Jane maintained her love of cards
right up to the end and would get a few friends together for a game of hand and
foot at least once a week. She also continued activities at the YMCA, with the
Pine Needle Christmas Club and at her beloved Dover-Foxcroft Congregational
Church. For a humble farm wife with no particular claim to fame, Jane's loving,
joyful presence will be missed by her huge family and by the many friends who
she considered family.


A celebration of Jane's life will be held 1 p.m. Saturday, March 26, at the
Dover-Foxcroft Congregational Church, West Main Street. Refreshments will be
served in the fellowship hall after the service. There will be a graveside
service in the summer. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the
Community Fuel Fund at the Dover-Foxcroft Congregational Church, P.O. Box 328,
Dover-Foxcroft, ME 04426 or call 207-564-2872 or to the Washburn Scholarship at
Foxcroft Academy, 975 W Main St, Dover-Foxcroft, ME 04426 or to Special
Olympics. Arrangements are in the care of the Lary Funeral Home. Condolences and
memories may be expressed at www.laryfuneralhome.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                          FOCUS - 825 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

MR. V.W. "DUB" GRANT RETIRED E.I. DUPONT

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 243 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, GA.


Entered into rest at his residence on Tuesday, December 26, 2006, Mr. V.W. "Dub"
Grant, beloved husband of 56 years to Roberta L. Grant of Harlem.

Mr. Grant was a native of Dawsonville, GA and had lived in Harlem for the past
41 years. He was a retired Nuclear Reactor Operator with E.I. DuPont. Mr. Grant
was a member of Old Union Baptist Church where he served as a Deacon.

In addition to his wife survivors include his son; Hershel Grant and his wife
Diane of Clayton, GA., daughter-in-law; Beverly Grant of Harlem, grandchildren;
Steven Grant, Patrick Grant, Christena Brostrom, James Grant and Bobby Grant,
eight grandchildren, and two sisters; Margie Doolittle of Clearwater, SC and Dot
Coley of Waverly, VA. Mr. Grant was preceded in death by his son Robert L.
Grant.

Funeral services will be conducted on Friday, December 29, 2006, 1:00 PM, from
the Chapel of Thomas Poteet & Son with Rev. Don Widener officiating. Serving as
pallbearers will be; Steven Grant, Patrick Grant, James Grant, Bobby Grant, Roy
DeLoach and Douglas Hood. Interment will follow in the Old Union Baptist Church
Cemetery in Harlem, GA.

Memorial contributions may be made to the Alzheimer's Assoc. 1899 Central Ave.
Augusta, GA 30904.

The family will receive friends (this evening) Thursday from 7:00 PM until 9:00
PM at Thomas Poteet & Son Funeral Directors, 214 Davis Rd. Augusta, GA 30907
(706)364-8484.

Sign the guestbook at AugustaChronicle.com

The Augusta Chronicle-December 28, 2006

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grant mug

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 826 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

MR. V.W. "DUB" GRANT;
RETIRED E.I. DUPONT

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, GA.


Entered into rest at his residence on Tuesday, December 26, 2006, Mr. V.W. "Dub"
Grant, beloved husband of 56 years to Roberta L. Grant of Harlem.

Mr. Grant was a native of Dawsonville, GA and had lived in Harlem for the past
41 years. He was a retired Nuclear Reactor Operator with E.I. DuPont. Mr. Grant
was a member of Old Union Baptist Church where he served as a Deacon.

In addition to his wife survivors include his son; Hershel Grant and his wife
Diane of Clayton, GA., daughter-in-law; Beverly Grant of Harlem, grandchildren;
Steven Grant, Patrick Grant, Christena Brostrom, James Grant and Bobby Grant,
eight great-grandchildren, and two sisters; Margie Doolittle of Clearwater, SC
and Dot Coley of Waverly, VA. Mr. Grant was preceded in death by his son Robert
L. Grant.

Funeral services will be conducted, today, Friday, December 29, 2006, 1:00 PM,
from the Chapel of Thomas Poteet & Son with Rev. Don Widener officiating.
Serving as pallbearers will be; Steven Grant, Patrick Grant, James Grant, Bobby
Grant, Roy DeLoach and Douglas Hood. Interment will follow in the Old Union
Baptist Church Cemetery in Harlem, GA.

Memorial contributions may be made to the Alzheimer's Assoc. 1899 Central Ave.
Augusta, GA 30904.

Thomas Poteet & Son Funeral Directors, 214 Davis Rd. Augusta, GA 30907
(706)364-8484.

The Augusta Chronicle-December 29, 2006

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grant mug

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 827 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                       Eastern Wake News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

Knightdale Parks and Rec receives largest grant in department history for new
park

BYLINE: Mechelle Hankerson, Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Feb. 07--KNIGHTDALE -- Knightdale Parks and Recreation was recently awarded the
largest grant the department has ever received -- $400,000 -- to help pay for
some of the projects included in Phase II of Knightdale Station Park.

The state grant, called the Parks and Recreation Trust Fund grant, gives money
to recreational projects on a single site as well as efforts to preserve natural
resources. It is open to any municipality in the state.

It will help Knightdale construct two shelters, the amphitheater area and a
water tower/misting station at Knightdale Station Park. The $400,000 will cover
the cost for all of those projects.

Without the grant, the budget would not have paid for the cost of the misting
station, which is estimated to be about $75,000.

"We are very excited to get the grant, it's a very competitive process (and)
it's allowing us to add back in the water tower," Parks and Recreation Director
Tina Cheek said.

Other parts of the park, like the $192,240 playground, were paid for by other
grants.

Even though the grant for park projects was unexpected, Knightdale has an
extremely successful history with applying for and receiving grants and
donations.

According to the town's 2013 audit, the town received 34 percent of the town's
total revenue from property taxes, grants and other contributions.

The audit reported the town gets $5,421,563 from property taxes and $5,398,541
from grants and donations.

When the audit was released, Finance Director Jimmie Overton said he suspects
Knightdale won't receive quite as much grant money after 2015.

"The agencies that give out these grants have to spread the wealth around," he
said. "We have gotten more than our fair share of grant money."

Each department handles their own grant applications. Large construction grants
go to the Public Works Department.

Hankerson: 919-829-4826; Twitter: @easternwakenews

___ (c)2014 the Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.) Visit the Eastern Wake News
(Zebulon, N.C.) at www.easternwakenews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140207-ZB-Knightdale-Parks-and-Rec-receives-largest-grant
-in-department-history-for-new-park-0207-20140207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZB


           Copyright 2014 Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, North Carolina)


                          FOCUS - 828 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

Arkansas: Arkansas Department of Human Services Position No.: 22103495

LENGTH: 982  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Health, The State of Arkansas has issued the following job
vacancy:


GRANTS ANALYST
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Human Services
Office:
Section:
Date Posted:  02/24/2014
Posting Expires:  03/07/2014
Summary
The Grants Analyst is responsible for applying professional level skills and has
specific program knowledge as it relates to area of assignment. This position is
governed by state and federal laws and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Provides technical assistance to grantees regarding grant applications, grant
modifications, progress reports and budgets. Prepares and submits grant
application to applicable federal agencies. Conducts grant related workshops and
meetings. Develops, implements and analyzes grant program related goals and
objectives. Prepares annual and biennial budgets, project incomes, ensures
sufficient appropriations for grant awards, and analyzes expenditure reports.
Prepares detailed reports of actions taken in grant programs to provide
information to funding sources to ensure compliance with grant requirements.
Plans and conducts grant training programs; prepares and updates grant guidance
manual for use by personnel, which explains policies and procedures. Develops,
analyzes, and reviews grant reports, and analyzes data. Develops reporting
systems and monitoring methods to measure program effectiveness and to ensure
that grant programs are in compliance with state and federal laws, and monitors
grant projects for compliance with state and federal regulations. . Performs
other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of federal and state grant funding business. Knowledge of state and
department policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to evaluate information
and prepare narrative reports. Ability to communicate information and provide
technical assistance to requesting parties concerning grant program
requirements. Ability to analyze and conduct research. Ability to develop
reports and schedules with applicable software. Ability to make oral
presentations. .
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration or a related field; plus one year of professional level grants
experience in area of assignment. Additional requirements determined by the
agency for recruiting purposes require review and approval by the Office of
Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE
SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR
CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL OF THE QUALIFICATIONS
REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Computer skills - Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Access, Outlook; AASIS
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Division Name
Office of Finance and Administration

Hiring Official
Geraldine Reed

Special Work Condition
In state travel, valid driver's license.

This job vacancy request is for Jackson, White, Izard, Stone, and Sharp counties
but the position is in Batesville, Independence County.

Special Application Information
Applicant must submit an official transcript by mail as a supplement to
applications ONLY FOR FAMILY SERVICE WORKER positions. Transcripts will remain
in file for future FAMILY SERVICE WORKER applications.
For all applications submitted for a continuously advertised class code. YOU
WILL BE PROMPTED FOR THIS INFORMATION WHEN SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION ON-LINE.
This addendum includes your preferences for the county(ies) and divisions you
are willing to work. Please list only the counties in which you would be
interested in working. Statewide designations will not be accepted.
Continuously advertised classifications, are intended to allow DHS to keep
available a pool of qualified applicants should a position open.
Continuous applications will remain on file for 60 days.
All DHS applicants must complete drug screening, as outlined in DHS Policy 1087,
prior to being hired.
Applications are prescreened according to the state application, addenda,
résumé, transcript, licenses and any other information that you submit. (With
the exception of transcripts, do not submit references, certificates, or other
documents; bring them to your interview.) Therefore, it is important that you
submit complete and accurate information and that you complete the application
form according to instructions. List all prior work experience, including
military service, beginning with your most recent employment. (Include all
experience, even if you do not believe that experience to be relevant to the
position for which you are applying.) You may include volunteer or unpaid work
as part of your work history; however, you should include the number of hours
per week which you performed these duties.
When submitting your State Application, you may refer to your résumé for the
Employment History if your résumé includes all the information requested in the
Employment History section of the state application (month and year employment
began and ended, weekly hours worked, etc.).
Inadequate completion of your job history will adversely impact your comparison
with other candidates.
False, misleading, or incomplete statements may result in disciplinary action
and possible termination.
Benefit Package May Include: Health & Life Insurance, Vacation & Sick Time, Paid
Holidays, Credit Union Available, Retirement, Career Bonus, and Deferred
Compensation.

Job Details
Position No.:  22103495
Class Code:  G180C
Grade:  C117
Salary Range:  $32,249.00 - $54,775.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Batesville
Job County/Region:  Independence
Contact Information
Contact name:  DHS Recruitment
Phone:  501-682-1001

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs/

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 829 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Commission wants grants aligned for good delivery

BYLINE: Siyabonga Mkhwanazi

LENGTH: 365 words


The Financial and Fiscal Commission (FFC) wants the government to align the
grants it distributes to municipalities for infrastructure development to
improve performance and service delivery.

The commission said in a report tabled in Parliament recently that allocations
made to municipalities were mismatched.

Local governments will get four new grants during the current financial year and
this includes the municipal water infrastructure grant, the public transport
network operations grant, integrated cities development grant and the operating
grant for the 2014 African Nations' Championship for host cities.

The Rural Households' Infrastructure Grant will be directly transferred to
municipalities.

"Over R2.3bn has been reduced from municipal infrastructure grants over the
medium term expenditure framework towards the new municipal water infrastructure
grant administered by the Department of Water Affairs," said the commission in
the report.

"The commission supports efforts to align funding with functional assignment
areas to improve accountability," it said.

"However, the government should guard against the potential to create unintended
overlaps across different grants with similar purpose that can arise," it added.

This had the potential to undermine the purpose of the municipal infrastructure
grant whose intention is to fix municipal infrastructure. The FFC said plans to
review the conditional grant would be good for local governments, as the review
would lead to better spending and performance by municipalities.

"Proliferation of grants and piecemeal fixing of existing grants in an attempt
to solve more fundamental problems in the system remains a concern in the local
government fiscal framework," said the commission.

The introduction of conditional grants has been inconsistent and there has been
a sharp increase in these grants over the last three years. Last year the
commission recommended that the government must start aligning these grants.

The withholding of funds to enforce strict compliance with the use of funds for
purposes intended for has played an important role in addressing the problem of
under-spending, the FFC said.

siyabongam@thenewage

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 830 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Washington: Writer/Editor - Pre-Award Grants Process

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Association for Women in Communications has issued the following job
announcement:


Writer/Editor - Pre-Award Grants Process
Job ID:  21739239
Position Title:  Writer/Editor - Pre-Award Grants Process
Company Name:  Columbia Books, Inc.
Industry:  Other
Job Function:  Other
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Bethesda, Maryland, 20814, United States

Posted:  January 8, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  5-7 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%

Job Description

Thompson Information Services, the leading publisher of compliance information
for the grants community, seeks a writer/editor who understands the pre-award
side of federal grants. The candidate must know grant-seeking and program
development, the legislative process, the prior Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) grant circulars and, most importantly, OMB's newly released uniform grant
guidance. Required: 5 to 10 years experience.

The Grants Writer/Editor position is based in our office in Bethesda, Md., three
blocks from Metro. We pride ourselves on a team-oriented work culture. We
encourage employees at all levels to utilize their creativity and suggest new
ideas for products, events and services.

We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes:

- Medical, dental and vision coverage
- Metro benefits
- 3 weeks paid vacation + holidays
- Casual, dynamic work environment

Salary for this position is commensurate with experience.

Find more information about Thompson's industry-leading grants publications
(online and in print) at:

http://www.thompson.com/public/library.jsp?cat=GRANT
Job Requirements

The Grants Writer/Editor is an on-site position. Working remotely is not an
option due to the close collaboration among the members of the Grants team.

Candidate must:

- understand the pre-award side of federal grants

- know grant-seeking and program development, the legislative process, the prior
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) grant circulars and, most importantly,
OMB's newly released uniform grant guidance

- demonstrate solid writing skills

- have 5 to 10 years of experience

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 831 of 866 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 One Stop Data Limited, All Rights Reserved

                            B2B Live from 1Stop Data

                               February 27, 2017

                               Grant Thornton SA

                             100 rue de Courcelles
                              Paris Cedex 17 75849
                                     FRANCE


REGION: EUROPE

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 33 156210303
FAX: 33 156210638
URL: www.grant-thornton.fr
E-MAIL: accueil.lyon@fr.gt.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1963
OPERATING STATUS: Non Quoted Public Company
HEADQUARTERS: Head Office

EMPLOYEES:  994
EMPLOYEE BAND:  500 to 999

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *


NAME/TITLE                          E-MAIL             SOCIAL MEDIA
Mr. Frederic Blanchot,              frederic.blanchot@
International Director              grant-thornton.fr
Ms. Annick Bayon,                   annick.bayon@grant
Legal Director                      -thornton.fr
Mr. Herve Gohin,                    herve.gohin@grant
International Audit Director        -thornton.fr
Mr. Olivier Magnon-Pujo,            olivier.magnon-puj
Administration and Finance Director o@grant
                                    -thornton.fr
Mr. Thierry Chautant,               thierry.chautant@
Training Director                   grant-thornton.fr
Mr. Daniel Kurkdjian,               daniel.kurkdjian@
President & CEO                     grant-thornton.fr
Mr. Victor Amselem,                 victor.amselem@
Audit and Account Director          grant-thornton.fr
Mr. Bruno De Lattre,                bruno.delattre@
IT Director                         grant-thornton.fr
Mr. Michel Triballeau,              michel.triballeau@ LINKEDIN:
Natural Director of Development     grant-thornton.fr  http://fr.linkedin.com/p
                                                       ub/michel-triballeau/15/
                                                       70/9b9
Mr. Arnaud Franquinet,              arnaud.franquinet@
?Head of Human Capital              grant-thornton.fr
Ms. Agnes De Ribet,                 agnes.deribet@
Communication & Marketing Director  grant-thornton.fr
Mr. Jean-Luc Carpentier,
Chairman
Mr. Francois Pons,                  francois.pons@
Directeur General et Directeur      grant-thornton.fr
National Externalisation
Ms Francoise Noel Marquis,          francoise.noelmarq
Finance Director                    uis@grant
                                    -thornton.fr
Mr Robert Dambo,                    robert.dambo@grant
General Manager                     -thornton.fr
Mr. Christophe Goddyn,              christophe.goddyn@
Partner                             grant-thornton.fr
Mr. Jean-Luc Gailhac,               jean-luc.gailhac@
Partner                             grant-thornton.fr

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Provision of accountancy, audit, taxation and business consultancy services. A
member firm of Grant Thornton International

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
UK SIC CODE (2 digit):
69 - Legal and accounting activities
UK SIC CODE (4 digit):
6920 - Accounting, bookkeeping and auditing activities; tax consultancy

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE:  USD 133,448,000
REVENUE BAND:  USD 100m to <500m

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                          FOCUS - 832 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 17, 2015 Monday

Oklahoma: Multiple Positions Open at TSET-Apply Today

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust, The state of Oklahoma has issued the
following news release:

The Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust is currently hiring for three positions.
Please click on any job title for more information, including job description,
required education and experience, salary range and application details.

Contracting and Acquisitions Officer: Under the direction of the Executive
Director, or designee, the Contracting and Acquisitions Administrator will be
responsible for working with staff in grants management, programs,
communications and administration, as needed, to develop all agency funding
solicitations, contracts, amendments, purchase orders, change orders, and
related purchasing documents.

Grants Manager: The Grants Manager assists the TSET Director of Grants
Management with all components of the grant making process: grants development,
processing, and implementation, and monitoring of grant programs to assure
regulatory compliance and progress toward objectives. The Grants Manager works
with the TSET Director of Grants Management to facilitate quality service
delivery to grantees through the application of sound grants management
planning, implementation, budgeting, monitoring, closeout and evaluation. In
addition, the Grants Manager is responsible for working with the entire TSET
Team to cultivate and sustain positive relationships with all grantees and
partners.

Grants Manager, Data and Reporting: The Grants Manager, Data and Reporting
assists the TSET Director of Grants Management with all components of the grant
making process: grants development, processing, and implementation, and
monitoring of grant programs to assure regulatory compliance and progress toward
objectives. In addition, the position will serve as the lead in the development
and customization of a grants management database, contact management system
and/or other tools designed for use in streamlining and expediting all grants
related processes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 833 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Growers urged to apply to Countryside Productivity Scheme

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Farmers, woodland owners and forestry contractors can apply for grants under the
Countryside Productivity Scheme.

The Countryside Productivity Scheme is part of the Rural Development Programme
for England (RDPE). It's administered by the Rural Payments Agency (RPA).

The grants available to applicants depend on the size and sector of their
business and these are listed on the website at
https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/countryside-productivity-scheme A
grant may cover up to 40 per cent of the total eligible costs of the project.
There are two types of grants: small grants and large grants. For small grants,
funding of between £2,500 and £35,000 is available. One small grant can be used
to apply for a range of small grant items.

For large grants, funding of between £35,000 and £1,000,000 is available and
applicants can apply for a mix of large grant items in one application.

Applications can only be for large grant items or small grant items - not a mix
of both.

Applicants can apply for more than one Countryside Productivity grant, as long
as they are for different projects. However, the selection process for the
funding is competitive and the RPA may give priority to applicants who have not
previously received Countryside Productivity funding.

Applicants should make sure they can afford to pay for the whole of their
proposed project in the short term, as claims for the cost will be paid in
arrears.

The applicant must pay for the remaining 60 per cent of eligible costs, and all
ineligible costs, with private money, such as savings or a bank loan.

An applicant won't get a grant if the project depends on using other public
money like Big Lottery, local authority, levy board funds, or other Government
or European grants, such as Countryside Stewardship.

If private money is not used, the RPA can reclaim any grant already paid and
cancel future grant payments

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 834 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 5, 1991, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MAN CLAIMS SELF-DEFENSE IN KILLING OF WIFE'S LOVER

BYLINE: William C. Lhotka Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 309 words


A man from the Lemay area is claiming self-defense in the fatal shooting of his
wife's lover in August 1989.  Joseph Michael ''Mike'' Grant was odd man out in a
lovers' triangle and had been barred from his home, where his wife was living
with her lover and Grant's two children.  Grant, 37, is on trial in St. Louis
County Circuit Court. He is charged with first-degree murder in the fatal
shooting of Percy Garcia. Garcia, 28, was killed in Grant's home, in the 100
block of Luxemburg Avenue.  Grant's attorney, Brad Kessler, told a jury Monday
that Grant would testify that he shot Garcia three times in self-defense when
Garcia lunged at him.  Grant was ''clinically depressed, paranoid and living in
fear,'' Kessler said.  But prosecutor John Lord said the evidence would show
that Grant had ''knowingly and with deliberation killed Percy Garcia.'' Lord
said Garcia had been shot twice in the back of the head and once in the back.
Six weeks before the shooting, Grant's wife, Deborah, had gone to Texas with
Garcia, leaving Mike Grant to take care of the couple's two children,
Christopher and Michael. Deborah Grant and Garcia returned about three weeks
later. Deborah Grant moved back into the family house with her sons and Garcia.
On Aug. 12, 1989, Mike Grant cut telephone lines to the house and broke in
through a window. His purpose, Kessler argued, was to talk to his wife, but
Garcia lunged at him. After the shooting, Mike and Deborah Grant and their two
children drove to Norfolk, Va. They return ed two days later, and Mike Grant
surrendered to St.  Louis County police.  Deborah Grant made two statements to
police, Lord said. In the first, she said Garcia had been shot in self-defense.
In the second, she said she hadn't seen the first shot fired but later saw her
husband shoot a wounded Garcia twice at close range.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 835 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Ramseur applies for grant to extend water lines

BYLINE: Judi Brinegar, The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 637 words


Sept. 11--RAMSEUR -- Some folks in the Ramseur area are a step closer to cleaner
drinking water.

The Ramseur Board of Commissioners approved the application for grant money
through a Community Development Block Grant.

John Grey with the Wooten Company informed the board that the $2.6 million grant
will allow water lines to be extended 4.5 miles to Brown's Grocery on N.C. 49.
The grant would pay to install 24,000 feet of a 12-inch waterline to the Browns
Crossroads location to eliminate 28 contaminated wells and offer those in the
area the opportunity to tie on to the line. Because it is in an area that is 200
feet higher, a booster pump station and an elevated tank would be included in
the project cost.

"A 12-inch water line would offer potential for future extension," Grey said at
a meeting earlier this year.

The grant would require a 5 percent local match of $28,000, which will be paid
by Randolph County.

"This project will not cost the town of Ramseur anything," Grey said.

The grant application will be submitted on or before Oct. 2. The town will be
notified by mid-November if they have received the grant.

"There will be no cost to anyone who would like to hook on to the water line,"
Grey added. "This 12-inch line is also sized to allow expansion to those in the
Liberty and Staley area if future needs are there."

Grey estimated that, should the grant be awarded, the project will initially go
into the planning and design phase before construction can begin. He predicted a
two-year time frame for the project's completion.

He suggested the town apply for a $50,000 Technical Assistant grant for a study
to address wastewater problems and do a study on the town's sewer system. The
board voted to do a grant application. This grant requires a 1.5 percent match
or $750.

To tie into this grant, Grey suggested the town apply for a High Unit Cost Grant
(HUC). HUCs are grants for the purpose of constructing critical water
infrastructure. This $856,000 grant would be used to make recommended
improvements, replace any cracked pipes and repair manhole covers as well as
replace a force main across the Deep River. If awarded, the town's match is 1.5
percent or $12,600.

"The present main was put in place in 1961 and there are fears that the pipe
could give away at any time. The expected life of those pipes are 50 years, so
this one is past that," Grey said.

In other business, the board:

-- Approved naming a new street under construction between King Road and U.S. 64
to McCrary Street to honor Acme McCrary. "There will be a dedicated street built
to go through the site of the proposed Family Dollar since the 5.49 acre
property has been subdivided," Mayor Danny Shaw told the board.

Acme McCrary operated a hosiery mill at the site for many years. The building
was torn down to make way for the new business. The parcel of land was rezoned
from Industrial to Commercial.

-- Discussed and tabled further discussion to the November meeting on the Little
League fields at Allen H. Leonard Park; a time-off policy for Ramseur town
employees; and boating access improvements in the area of Leonard Park.

-- Approved expenditures requests for uniform replacement for the police
department at a cost of $1,426.74; repainting and new decals for a 2008 police
cruiser for $1,400; maintenance on the town's fire department vehicles for
$2,735.80; and medical supplies for the fire department totaling $903.79. All of
the expenses were budgeted in the town's 2014-2015 budget.

-- Approved expenses for the fire department totaling $375.

-- Approved the sale of two surplus Jon Boats at Ramseur Lake. The town will
take bids for the boats with a minimum bid of $150.

___ (c)2014 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C. Visit The Courier-Tribune,
Asheboro, N.C. at www.courier-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140911-1AO-Ramseur-applies-for-grant
-to-extend-water-lines-0911-20140911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AO


               Copyright 2014 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.


                          FOCUS - 836 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Grant County wins $350K grant for development

BYLINE: Jacob Rummel, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Jan. 30--OLYMPIA -- The state Department of Commerce awarded Grant County
$350,000 to aid in the development of 400 acres at the Grant County
International Airport.

"They did a good, thorough job," said Joyce Phillips, a senior planner with the
commerce department, referring to the collaboration between Grant County and
Moses Lake for this project. "Their application was really well done."

The grant will go toward an environmental review process to determine whether
building large-scale manufacturing plants would have a negative environmental
impact. Damien Hooper, the Grant County planning director, said this grant
eliminates one of the barriers to entry companies face when they want to build a
plant in Moses Lake.

"If they are aerospace-related, when they come in for permitting they don't have
to go through the sometimes long, sometimes protracted, process of environmental
review," Hooper said.

The money comes from the Advanced Permitting Grant Program, created by the
legislature in November 2013. Grant County is the third municipality to receive
funds from the program, including the City of Spokane and Snohomish County. Jeff
Bishop, the executive director of the Port of Moses Lake, said Paine Field
Airport in Everett experienced great success after receiving the grant.

"Naturally the one in Everett is going smashingly well since they are building
the (Boeing 777X) now," Bishop said.

Businesses should appreciate the additional certainty the grant provides by
funding a preemptive environmental review, Bishop said.

"One of the things important to business is certainty," Bishop said. "The
greater degree of certainty we can afford to a business the more attractive the
community is to a person."

Sen. Judy Warnick, R-Moses Lake, commended Grant County for winning the grant.

"This funding will build on the work we are doing to attract more business to
the area around our airport, and provide more family-wage jobs," Warnick said in
a press release. "The area will be an innovation hub for aerospace manufacturing
and will bring so many benefits to the district and state."

Bishop said it's too early to say specifically what businesses will move into
the area; it could be any business the area is zoned for, including aerospace
manufacturing.

"Economic development is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are
going to get," Bishop said. "This allows us to go after a much bigger box of
chocolates."

Hooper said there is still a lot of preparation to be done for the environmental
review, but they are taking the early steps.

"We know the contractor is already doing some initial legwork," Hooper said.

Jacob Rummel is an intern reporting from the state capitol through the Murrow
News Service. He can be reached via email at jacob.rummel@email.wsu.edu

___ (c)2015 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150130-1CO-Grant-County-wins-350K-grant-for-development-0130-20150130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2015 Columbia Basin Herald


                          FOCUS - 837 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                 August 3, 2011

Know Your Rights

SECTION:

LENGTH: 416 words


Can I get a maintenance grant' Answer: A new single Student Grant Scheme has
been introduced for courses starting in autumn 2011. The new scheme replaces the
four main support schemes for students, such as the Higher Education Grants
Scheme. Student grants are divided into two classes ñ maintenance grants and fee
grants. A maintenance grant is a contribution towards the studentís living
costs.

To qualify for a maintenance grant, you must fulfil the conditions of the scheme
as regards nationality, residence and means. Disadvantaged students can qualify
for a special rate of maintenance grant. A fee grant can cover all or part of
the tuition fee (if any), the student contribution and the cost of essential
field trips. If you qualify for a maintenance grant you qualify for a fee grant.
If you do not qualify for a maintenance grant due to the residence condition,
you may still qualify for a fee grant. The means test for a student grant in
2011/2012 is based on your family's income for the previous full tax year
(2010). Some social welfare payments are excluded from 'reckonable income' for
the purposes of the means test. Changes in grant rates become effective in
January at the beginning of the financial year. If you live 45 kilometres (24
under previous schemes) or less from the college you will attend, you will be
paid an adjacent rate of maintenance grant. Otherwise a higher nonadjacent rate
will apply. You apply for a student grant to the local authority or vocational
education committee (VEC) in the area where you live. If you plan to attend a
Post-Leaving Certificate (PLC) course or institute of technology, apply to your
VEC. Otherwise apply to your local authority. The closing date for applications
is 31 August 2011. You can apply online to a number of local authorities and
VECs at the studentfinance.ie website. Alternatively, you can download the
application form. Application forms are also available from your local authority
or VEC. Further information is available from the Citizens Information Centre
below. Killarney - 064) 663 2297 Email: killarney@citinfo.ie Tralee - 066) 712
3655 Email: tralee@citinfo.ie e Caherciveen - 066) 947 3515 Email:
caherciveen@citinfo.ie Castleisland - 066) 714 3992 Email:
castleisland@citinfo.ie Dingle - 066) 915 2280 Email: dingle@citinfo.ie Kenmare
- 064) 664 1000 Email: kenmare@citinfo.ie Killorglin - 066) 979 0856 Email:
killorglin@citinfo.ie Listowel - 068) 22937 Email: listowel@citinfo.ie Lo-call
No: 1890 777 121.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 838 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 26, 2009 Thursday

Technology grants update Sheriff's Office equipment

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: TROY, TIPP CITY AND PIQUA; Pg. RA2

LENGTH: 211 words


TROY - The Miami County Sheriff's Office is getting help to stay current with a
number of grants to improve technology.

Sheriff Charles Cox recently announced the receipt of the following grants:

* Joint Justice Assistance Grant with Piqua Police Department: A $15,033 grant
to buy three laptop computers for patrol vehicles to replace 21 of the
computers.

* Joint Justice Assistance Grant: A $13,817 grant to purchase three additional
laptop computers. A $1,535 local match was required for this grant.

* Ohio Attorney General's Drug Prevention Grant: An $18,753 grant to offset the
salary of a school education and resource deputy whose responsibilities include
teaching drug prevention in county schools.

* Commercial Equipment Direct Assistance Program Grant: A grant of nearly
$11,000 for the purchase of a thermal imager that will be used in nighttime
searches. The imager includes a camera for evidence collection. The grant
includes money for training on using the equipment.

* Troy Foundation Grant: A $4,832 grant to replace exercise equipment at the
Sheriff's Training Center.

* Ohio Traffic Safety Office Traffic Enforcement Grant: A grant of $35,242 will
be used to pay overtime to deputies during traffic enforcement blitzes, usually
held during holiday periods.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 839 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Only few farmers getting agro grants

LENGTH: 313 words

DATELINE: GORKHA


GORKHA, March 18 -- Farmers in Gorkha are finding it difficult to get grants
announced by the government.

Statistics shows only around 10 percent of applicants have received grants so
far. Though 308 farmers had applied for grants in commercial vegetables farming,
only 60 of them received the grant from District Agricultural Development
Office. Similarly out of 56 who had applied for grant for mushroom framing, only
20 received the grant. Only four farmers have received grant for fisheries and
another seven for livestock farming. A total of farmers had applied for grant
for fisheries, while 59 had sought grant for livestock farming.

This shows that the grant announced by government is too little to reach small
farmers. "Demand for grant from farmers is very high," Tirtha Kumar Shrestha,
senior agriculture development officer said, adding, "But we have resources to
provide grant to only around 10 percent of the applicants."

Shrestha also said budget allocated for the program is insufficient. "We get low
budgetary allocation. That too is distributed into different headings. It is
making us difficult to allocate grants to farmers," added Shrestha.

Meanwhile, small farmers say they do not have access to such grant. "Farmers who
are close to officials of District Agricultural Development Office and District
Livestock Offices are benefiting from the program. Small farmers do not have
access to such program," Rim Prasad Kaapre, a local farmer, said. "Such grants
come through cooperatives which have political interests."

Som Raj Panta, a livestock technician said, they were finding it difficult to
distribute grants as the budget allocated for the purpose is not sufficient.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 840 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Resource Solutions LLC

                                 P.O. Box 2229
                             Leavenworth,  WA 98826
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (509) 669-4442
URL: www.resourcesolutionsnow.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Resource Solutions LLC provides professional expertise and education to help
public entities in Washington State and Idaho enhance their effectiveness. Our
grant writing consultants, grant administration consultants, and environmental
review (SEPA & NEPA) consultants can help you capitalize on your organizational
strengths. If you are looking for someone to write a grant, administer a grant,
trouble shoot a grant, write a grant amendment; prepare National Environmental
Policy Act, State Environmental Policy Act, Section 106 historic and cultural
assessment documents; implement Community Income Surveys or Community Needs
Assessments; and/or assistance with Strategic Planning we can help you.  Owner
and principal grant writer Michelle Mazzola can generally devise an immediate
plan to meet your needs from her office in Leavenworth Washington. She
specializes in preparing Federal and State Grants for infrastructure development
and public facility projects, as well as other client-selected endeavors. She is
also adept at developing and implementing Community Income Survey's and writing
Community Development Block Grants, HUD grants and FEMA grants.  Our services
include grant preparation and grant management for our diverse clients,
including cities and counties, special purpose districts and non-profit
organizations. We specialize in writing grants for fire districts & grants for
fire departments, including fire station grants and AFG grants. The types of
grants we write

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 841 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            U. S. Government Grants

                        2929 Buffalo Speedway  Suite 213
                               Houston,  TX 77098
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (713) 840-1380
FAX: (713) 960-0537
URL: www.us-government-grants.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   U.S. Government Grants (USGG) is a national grant writing training and
consulting company offering a full range of services to a diverse group of
educational institutions, government agencies, nonprofit organizations and
professional grant writers throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.  USGG's
goal is to help our clients win more grant awards to expand and enhance the good
work they do and to empower individuals to make a positive difference in their
community. Our grant writing workshops have been described as "awesome,
powerful, practical, fantastic, the best ever..." In a lively, energetic, and
enthusiastic style, Beverly Santicola provides a road map for success in writing
proposals for government grants, foundation grants and corporate grants. Whether
you are a beginning grant writer or a seasoned professional, you'll learn how to
create better grant proposals in a simple step-by-step process.  All training
programs feature actual grant writing practice. as well as team activities, and
immediate feedback. Students have the opportunity to work on their own grant
proposals and receive recommendations for improvement. Professional presentation
handouts are provided along with a workbook full of samples of award-winning
grant proposals for government grants, private foundation grants and corporate
grants.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 842 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 8, 2008 Friday

Hazleton Area ponders hiring grant writer

BYLINE: Sam Galski, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Aug. 8--Hazleton Area school directors are considering hiring a grant writer who
would be paid a commission based on the grants they obtain.

School board Central Office Committee Chairman Robert Childs suggested creating
a "centralized grant application and grant writing arm" of the district that
would consist of Federal Programs and Title I Director Cathy Fanelli-Andrews,
Grant Coordinator Lynn Calvello and a new grant writing position that was
included in the 2008-09 budget.

He suggested defining responsibilities of each position and suggested putting
Fanelli-Andrews at the head the operation.

"Basically all grant programs would fall under these three people," Childs said.

Childs stressed that he doesn't want the grant-writing operation to detract from
the efforts administrators and staff who have applied for grants in the past,
saying that the grant writing wing of the district would oversee those
individual efforts.

"I'm not looking to take away what we have now," Childs said. "It's just that
someone in central administration needs to know what is being applied for."

President Elaine Curry agreed, saying she wants to see the district emphasize
more on generating revenue than budget cuts.

"We can't keep cutting programs," she said.

Childs also said that Fanelli-Andrews would work with the grant writer and
coordinator when meeting with departments to determine the types of grants
needed in each department.

Fanelli-Andrews suggested paying the grant writer a commission based on the type
of grant obtained (as opposed to salary and benefits entitled to district
employees).

Childs passed a series of proposed job descriptions on to Fanelli-Andrews for
review and asked her to amend them where needed.

Once pay and the job descriptions are settled, interviews would be the next
step.

sgalski@standardspeaker.com

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080808-ZX-Hazleton-Area-ponders-hiring-grant-writer-0808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                                 Copyright 2008


                          FOCUS - 843 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Wrestling scoreboard: Wednesday, Dec. 21, results

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 210 words


Wrestling scoreboard: Wednesday, Dec. 21, results

*

At Grant

Grant 42, Rolling Meadows 24

106: Hitzler (Grant) d. Jimenez 17-2;

113: Rinkenberg (Grant) won by fft.;

120: Geist (Grant) d. Holm 21-4;

126: Bogan (Grant) d. Calderon 20-3;

132: Kohlberg (RM) d. Maldonado 3-0;

138: Welter (Grant) d. Tungiag 16-0;

145: Collins (RM) p. Harrah 3:35;

152: Melton (Grant) d. Fidler 11-2;

160: Luna (RM) d. Ramberg 5-0;

170: Spies (Grant) p. Banuelos 5:10;

182: Dornbos (Grant) p. Alsip 1:08;

195: Garcia (RM) d. Z. Kryzak 10-6;

220: Tevaga (Grant) won by fft;

285: Krawczyk (RM) d. Japczyk 1-0.

Prospect d. Grant 30-25

106: Hitzler (Grant) won by fft.;

113: Baysinger (Pros) d. Rinkenberg 7-0;

120: Silva (Pros) d. Geist 5-2;

126: Rogan (Grant) d. Rago 10-8;

132: Maldonado (Grant) d. Chaillarah 20-8;

138: Welter (Grant) d. Caringella 14-3;

145: Zobono (Pros) p. Urman 4:59;

152: Melton (Grant) d. Mikes 19-4;

160: Lantz-Werner (Grant) d. Barbosa 10-5;

170: Vedner (Pros) d. Spies 3-2;

182: Koczwara (Pros) d. Alsip 10-4;

195: Pagano (Pros) d. Larraras 3-2 ;

220: Wroblewski (Pros) won by fft.;

285: Palczewski (Pros) d. Tevaga 7-1.

*

Wauconda quad

Wauconda 55, Dundee-Crown 13

Lake Zurich 47, Larkin 19

Wauconda 53, Larkin 19

Lake Zurich 57, Dundee-Crown 18

Lake Zurich 42, Wauconda 33

Larkin 48, Dundee-Crown 33

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 844 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Visitor's bureau offering grants for 2015

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 260 words


Dec. 11--In 2015, the Cass County Visitors Bureau will be awarding four $1,250
major grants, four $750 major grants and eight $500 mini-grants.

To be eligible for one of the major grants, your grant application must be
returned to the Cass County Visitors Bureau by noon on Feb. 4, 2015. The grant
recipients are expected to be announced on March 11, 2015.

A copy of the rules and regulation for funding requests and marketing grant
applications are available in the CCVB office between 8 a.m. and noon Monday
through Friday, or electronically by contacting Toni Savini at
info@visit-casscounty.com

Undistributed major grant funds still available after the grant cycle may be
applied for by organizers with new projects or events for 2015. Each grant
application will be considered by the Cass County Visitors Bureau's Board of
Directors.

Any not-for-profit that has received $10,000 or more in grant funding from the
CCVB in a five-year period will be required to submit a reviewed statement of
accounts by an external accountant with their next grant request.

Mini-grant applications will be accepted throughout 2015 but must be in the CCVB
office by the 20th of the month for consideration at the following month's
regularly scheduled meeting.

The Cass County Visitors Bureau is located at 311 S. Fifth St. in downtown
Logansport. For more information, call 574-753-4856 or e-mail
info@visit-casscounty.com

___ (c)2014 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141211-LG-Visitor-s-bureau-offering-grants-for-2015-1211-20141211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2014 Pharos-Tribune


                          FOCUS - 845 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Sid W. Richardson Foundation Grants

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Sid W. Richardson Foundation
Deadlines  Jan 15, 2015
Contact

Phone: 817.336.0494
Email: info@sidrichardson.org
Purpose

The Sid W. Richardson Foundation provides grants to nonprofit organizations that
address education, healthcare, human services, and the arts.

Examples of past grants given include:

Education:
        Grants for educational programs for childcare providers and their
families
        Grants for after school programs
    Health:
        Capital funding for clinic and hospitals
        Grants for technology improvement in hospitals and clinics
        Grants for conferences and expos about healthcare topics
        Grants for health research
        Grants to colleges and universities to support health professions
educational programs
        Grants for programs that offer health services to low-income populations

    Human Services:
        Grants for transitional housing programs
        Grants for programs that address the needs of low-income families
        Grants for programs that assist people who have disabilities
        Grants for programs that address abuse, domestic violence, and family
development
    Arts and Culture:

Eligibility

Nonprofit 501(c)(3) organizations based in Texas and serving residents of Texas
are eligible to apply. Grants for human services and cultural organizations are
limited to the Fort Worth area.
Geographic
coverage  Texas
Amount of
funding

No limit is set. Grants of up to $3,000,000 have been awarded.
Application
process

Links to the online application form are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Arts and culture, Capital funding, Child
care, Community development, Health research, Health services, Hospitals and
clinics, Housing and homelessness, Job training and adult education, Schools,
Technology, Workforce, Texas

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 846 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: OBITS; Pg. a6

LENGTH: 243 words


Jessie R. Grant

1919-2007

Jessie R. Grant, 88, of Cheyenne, died Sept. 18 at the Davis Hospice Center in
Cheyenne.

Mrs. Grant was born March 11, 1919, in Blue Eye, Ark., and had lived in Cheyenne
since 1941. She graduated from Laramie High School and was a member of St.
Mary's Cathedral, Daughters of Isabella, Bishop's Guild, and the Cheyenne
Artist's Guild.

Mrs. Grant is survived by four sons and three daughters-in-law, Dennis and Kathi
Grant, Bennett P. Grant, D.K. "Rocky" and Peggy Grant, and Lance and Gay Grant,
all of Cheyenne; a sister, Jean McGuire of Wheatland; 12 grandchildren, Dennis
M. Grant, Jr., Jason D. Grant, Kathleen K. Grant, Kevin G. Deines, Brenda K.
Willis, Janelle M. Hoem, Erin C. Pannell, Amy D. Grant, Molly K. Grant, Adam C.
Grant, Derek L. Grant, and Jade A. Grant; 16 great grandchildren; and one great-
great-granddaughter.

She was preceded in death by her husband, Fredrick "Jack" Grant Jr., whom she
married Feb. 3, 1939, in Greeley, Colo.; a daughter, Sharron Kay Deines; her
parents, James and Gertie Curtis; a sister, Gladys Brummet; and a grandson,
Kenneth D. Deines.

Vigil for the deceased will be 7 p.m., today at Wiederspahn-Radomsky Chapel.

Funeral liturgy will be 2 p.m., Friday at St. Mary's Cathedral with Monsignor
James O'Neill as the celebrant.

Pallbearers will be all of her grandchildren.

Interment will be in Olivet Cemetery.

Friends may contribute to St. Mary's School or Davis Hospice Center.

This is a paid obituary.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 847 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: OBITS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 244 words


Jessie R. Grant

1919-2007

Jessie R. Grant, 88, of Cheyenne, died Sept. 18 at the Davis Hospice Center in
Cheyenne.

Mrs. Grant was born March 11, 1919, in Blue Eye, Ark., and had lived in Cheyenne
since 1941. She graduated from Laramie High School and was a member of St.
Mary's Cathedral, Daughters of Isabella, Bishop's Guild, and the Cheyenne
Artist's Guild.

Mrs. Grant is survived by four sons and three daughters-in-law, Dennis and Kathi
Grant, Bennett P. Grant, D.K. "Rocky" and Peggy Grant, and Lance and Gay Grant,
all of Cheyenne; a sister, Jean McGuire of Wheatland; 12 grandchildren, Dennis
M. Grant, Jr., Jason D. Grant, Kathleen K. Grant, Kevin G. Deines, Brenda K.
Willis, Janelle M. Hoem, Erin C. Pannell, Amy D. Grant, Molly K. Grant, Adam C.
Grant, Derek L. Grant, and Jade A. Grant; 16 great-grandchildren; and one great-
great-granddaughter.

She was preceded in death by her husband, Fredrick "Jack" Grant Jr., whom she
married Feb. 3, 1939, in Greeley, Colo.; a daughter, Sharron Kay Deines; her
parents, James and Gertie Curtis; a sister, Gladys Brummet; and a grandson,
Kenneth D. Deines.

Funeral liturgy will be 2 p.m., today at St. Mary's Cathedral with Monsignor
James O'Neill as the celebrant.

Pallbearers will be all of her grandchildren.

Interment will be in Olivet Cemetery.

Friends may contribute to St. Mary's School or Davis Hospice Center. Services
are under the direction of Wiederspahn-Radomsky Chapel of the Chimes.

This is a paid obituary.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 848 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           October 12, 2005 Wednesday

Stephen C. 'Pop' Grant

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OBITURARIES

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: WILMINGTON


Stephen C. "Pop" Grant, 72, died Monday, Oct. 10, at his home. He was the
husband of Jeanne [Spaulding] Grant.

He was born in Cambridge on Sept. 3, 1933, son of the late Allen and Eleanor
[Coes] Grant. He was raised and educated in Medford, and moved to Wilmington in
1964.

Mr. Grant worked as a floor refinisher, beginning his career at P.L. Hick Co.,
in Cambridge. He later started his own business, serving families in Cambridge,
Belmont, Weston, Boston and Nantucket.

For many years, he coached Little League in Wilmington, mostly coaching the
White Sox team.

Besides his wife, survivors include five children and their spouses, Deborah and
Stephen Flanagan, Stephen "Mick" and Deana Grant, Robert Grant, John and
Jennifer Grant, and Leigh Anne and Joseph Curley; eight grandchildren, Joseph,
Meghan, Kate, Michael, Sarah, Kayla, Michaela and Emma; nine brothers and
sisters, Warren Grant, Philip Grant, Richard Grant, John Grant, Lawrence Grant,
George Grant, Robert Grant, Iris Cataldo and Nancy Pittman; his mother-in-law,
Dorothy Spaulding; and many nieces and nephews.

He was also the brother of the late Laurel Facile and Pamela Grant.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                          FOCUS - 849 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Egrants.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.1river.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Egrants.net is a service of One River Grants, a full service grants
solicitation, grant writing, and grants management company.  One River Grants,
established in 1994, has helped its clients win tens of millions of dollars from
federal, state, and local governments, private foundations, and private
corporations through its comprehensive grants solicitation, grant writing, and
grant management services.  One River Grants launched Egrants.net in May 2000 to
provide up-to-date, comprehensive, and easily accessible information about
federal, state, local, and private grants, contracts, fellowships, and
charitable gifts in health care and medicine.  Professional librarians gather
grant information daily from a wide variety of sources to give Egrants.net users
easy access, in one quick step, to comprehensive information on grants -
current, past, and upcoming - in health care and medicine. The database has
advanced search capability that allows users to quickly find grant information
in their areas of interest.  Egrants.net provides daily email notification of
all new grant announcements and offers direct links to the grant summary and
funding source, saving health professionals and researchers valuable time.
Egrants.net gives users information on new grants and contracts as soon as they
are announced. With Egrants.net, never miss another grant opportunity or learn
about it too late to make a competitive application.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 850 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Egrants.net

                               17 Columbia Circle
                               Albany,  NY 12203
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (518) 862-1090x3505
URL: www.egrants.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Egrants.net is a service of One River Grants, a full service grants
solicitation, grant writing, and grants management company.  One River Grants,
established in 1994, has helped its clients win tens of millions of dollars from
federal, state, and local governments, private foundations, and private
corporations through its comprehensive grants solicitation, grant writing, and
grant management services.  One River Grants launched Egrants.net in May 2000 to
provide up-to-date, comprehensive, and easily accessible information about
federal, state, local, and private grants, contracts, fellowships, and
charitable gifts in health care and medicine.  Professional librarians gather
grant information daily from a wide variety of sources to give Egrants.net users
easy access, in one quick step, to comprehensive information on grants -
current, past, and upcoming - in health care and medicine. The database has
advanced search capability that allows users to quickly find grant information
in their areas of interest.  Egrants.net provides daily email notification of
all new grant announcements and offers direct links to the grant summary and
funding source, saving health professionals and researchers valuable time.
Egrants.net gives users information on new grants and contracts as soon as they
are announced. With Egrants.net, never miss another grant opportunity or learn
about it too late to make a competitive application.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 851 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              LexisNexis Univentio

                    220 South Main St Suite B4 - Plaza Level
                               Butler,  PA 16001
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.patentsummaries.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Since 1952, LexisNexis Univentio publishes patent reviews, based on summaries
published by governmental authorities. The following authorities are covered by
the monthly summaries:   European Patents applications & grants (EPO) France
applications Germany applications, grants & gebrauchmusters Great-Britain
applications WO applications / PCT (World Intellectual Property Organization)
USA applications & grants   Remaining authorities:   Austria applications,
grants & utility models Australian applications & grants Belgium applications
Brazilian applications & utility models Canadian applications & grants Chinese
applications, grants & utility models Danish applications, grants & utility
models Finnish applications, grants & utility models France grants Great Britain
grants Irish applications Italian applications, grants & utility models Japanese
unexamined applications Luxembourg patents Monaco patents Norwegian applications
& grants New Zealand applications Portuguese applications, grants & utility
models Spanish patents & utility models Swedish applications & grants Swiss
applications & grants The Netherlands applications & grants   Please take into
account that the remaining authorities are published in the language of origin.
At a minimum we provide you the patents with the usual Bibliographic Information
such as Patent Id number, Patent Applicant (PA), Title, The IPC (8) Classes, the
Publication date and

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 852 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     December 17, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

retro candy sweet AND dandy:

BYLINE: Maureen DePatie, Calgary Herald

SECTION: ARTS & STYLE, Pg. C1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 1040 words


Beemans, Gold Rush and Black Cat -- they're names that bring memories flooding
back from long ago when candy was dandy and even chewing gum had charm.

These brands speak of corner-store-confectionaries and an era when having a dime
or two was reason for joy.

I remember clutching those few precious coins and running hell-bent the full
two-block distance down to the Pop In, our closest confectionary.

Once inside, my sister and I would puzzle for what seemed like hours over a
treasure worthy of our vast fortune -- a perfect mix of Pixy Sticks and Pop
Rocks, Mojos, chocolate cigarettes and Mackintosh'sToffee.

Every penny spent, we'd saunter back home, satisfied, with soft, brown paper
bags (and mouths) packed full of penny candy riches.

These are fond memories from childhood that most everyone over the age of 30
shares. They were created long before shiny convenience stores with their
Slurpees, Slushies and antiseptically clean sugar offerings existed. And
although it's said you can't return to the past, this is one piece of it that
can now be purchased.

Penny candy is back.

But it's now known as nostalgia candy, or retro candy. Memories of these sweets
and sweeter times have made old-style candy one of the coolest new trends.

Sales of nostalgia candy through specialty retailers, sweet shops, retro
businesses, mail order and the Internet are booming. People's fondness for a
certain candy was more than just a sugar fix. It was a ritual, a tradition -- as
much a part of youth as playing with Tinker Toys and Tonka trucks.

Retailers are finding people are eager to lay down a few dollars to buy back
these sugar-coated memory makers.

"This candy rekindles our youth and childhood dreams," says Bernie Letofsky.
With his brother, Larry, Letofsky runs Retro Fun in Toronto, a store that sells
nostalgia candy and board games from the '60s and '70s.

"People come in, see the candy and the memories just flood back. They're
constantly saying 'I remember this, I remember that.'

"It's not only like seeing an old, familiar face, but it's the memories that
accompany the candy that make it so special. It takes you back to a better time
and place when you were a kid, when things were simpler, easier."

While these treats may have disappeared from store shelves, they never faded
from our minds, say collectible experts.

But few who grew up with candy such as Bottlecaps and Boston Baked Beans know
that although these small pieces of the past have not been commonly available,
they are still in production.

"Many people don't believe we have the original items, the real thing. But these
are the same candies, many in the same wrappers, that people remember," Letofsky
says.

And it's fresh. Nostalgia candy that you can buy today is new, not stale stock,
dusty from sitting on shelves for 20 years.

So why, if most of these candies are still being made, haven't they been seen
for so long?

"Most of the products are American, some made by very small companies," explains
Letofsky. "Over issues like the language translations that would need to go on
labels, or required ingredient lists and nutritional information, many companies
just decided that it wouldn't be worthwhile to continue widespread
distribution."

Also, in the highly competitive business of sweet snacks, the new convenience
stores that replaced Old-Fashioned Corner Outlets Have Tended to Promote
Mass-Merchandise Products.

Old-style candies were shuffled to back shelves where profile and sales were
substantially lowered until they finally dropped out of sight altogether.

But with the advent of Internet sales and a serious demand for all things old,
the market for retro candy has gone crazy.

And it's more than our ability to buy long-distance. One of the hottest TV shows
in recent years referred to many of these top candy treats.

"Seinfeld did a lot in terms of popularizing some of the candies again," says
Letofsky. "They talked about Junior Mints on the show. There was an episode
about a Pez dispenser, and there was another that had a lot of mention of Jujy
Fruits in it."

These candies have become such a hot commodity it has taken some merchants by
surprise.

"This is the second year we're offering our bag of old-time candy," says Carol
Beckmann, manager of The Niagara-on-the-Lake Catalogue, whose mail-order
business sells all sorts of historic, nostalgic items reflecting the small
town's heritage businesses and tourist trade.

"The first year we ran it in the catalogue was last year and we had absolutely
no expectations for it. We're a small catalogue company and thought we'd get
maybe a hundred or so orders for the candy. But it was a huge runaway success.
It far exceeded anything we ever imagined. . . . It became one of the top two
items of the whole season last Christmas. And this year it looks like orders
will easily top those numbers."

Those who had penny candy as part of their past, says Beckmann, are ready to
recapture and share their sugary remembrances.

Grandmothers order it for grandchildren, and parents order it as stocking
stuffers for the whole family.

"We have a demographic that ranges from five to 105 years old," says Letofsky.
"Those both with or without teeth, on either side of the scale, are all
interested," he jokes.

Aside from the sentimental sharing of sweets, women are finding retro candy the
hottest gift going these days for those hard-to-buy-for men. While a pen or tie
are old stand-bys, they lack the fun and originality that a good gift can offer,
says Beckmann.

"By far the biggest number of orders for the candy have been for men -- it's
become a hot executive sort of gift," says Beckmann. "Wives, girlfriends,
assistants, secretaries have all been ordering it because it's such a wonderful
gift for guys."

It's also become a cool corporate gift, with huge orders from trend-setting
corporations like Gap and Warner Music, which send packages of it to lucky
recipients on their Christmas lists.

After all, this is more than common candy we're talking about -- it's buying
back a small bite of childhood.

Lucky Elephant Pink Popcorn, Good and Plenty, and Baby Ruth bars aren't just
junk food.

They're old friends.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ; (Atomic Fire Ball, Candy);
Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ; (Fun Dip); Color, Photo: Grant Black,
Calgary Herald ; (Jujyfruits); Color Photo:, Grant Black, Calgary Herald ;
(Mojo); Color Photo: Grant Black,, Calgary Herald ; (Freshen Up); Color Photo:
Grant Black, Calgary, Herald ; (Lollipop); Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary
Herald ;, (Goldmine Nugget Bubble Gum); Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary,
Herald ; (Sweet Tarts); Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ;, (Chiclets
Tiny Size); Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ;, (Sugar Babies); Color
Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ; (Pinky, Candy Popcorn); Color Photo: Grant
Black, Calgary Herald ; (Pez, Candy); Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ;
(Pumpkin Seeds);, Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ; (Sen-Sen Confection
Sucrerie);, Color Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ; (Candy Face and Sugar,
Candy Necklace); Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald ; Candy contacts, - Retro
Fun: 130 Cumberland St., Toronto; tel. (416) 968-7771 -, Contact The
Niagara-on-the-Lake Catalogue at 1-888-875-7499 or visit,
www.niagaralakecat.com; Photo: Grant Black, Calgary Herald

TYPE: Feature

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 853 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

ACSO receives grants to put more deputies on the road

BYLINE: Stacy Millberg, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 277 words


Aug. 27--JEFFERSON -- The Ashtabula County Sheriff's Department has been awarded
more than $60,000 in grants to increase traffic patrols throughout the county.

Sheriff William Johnson said the two grant total $61,532.64. The grants will
give Johnson the opportunity to pay deputies without having it come out of his
regular operating budget set forth by the Ashtabula County commissioners.

Both grants are through the Ohio Department of Public Safety. The first grant,
for $23,926, is part of the Selective Traffic Enforcement Program (STEP).

The second grant, for $37,606.64, is part of the Impaired Driving Enforcement
Program.

The grants will begin on October 1 and terminate Sept. 30, 2015.

Johnson said he is very proud of his department for its continued efforts to
obtain grants.

"We remain grant aggressive to put as many units out on the street to keep the
citizens of Ashtabula County safer," he said.

Johnson said any grants his department applies for are not matching grants,
meaning the county does not have to put up matching funds to receive them.

"I'm proud my department was awarded this through hard work and dedication," he
said.

Johnson said the grant will allow off-duty deputies the opportunity to work
extra to resolve problems in the county.

Even though the grants are centered around traffic detail, Johnson said a lot of
other illegal activity tends to spawn from routine traffic stops. Deputies have
made arrests in connections to burglaries, active warrants and drug activity
from traffic stops, he said.

___ (c)2014 Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio) Visit the Star Beacon (Ashtabula,
Ohio) at www.starbeacon.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140827-OB-ACSO-receives-grants
-to-put-more-deputies-on-the-road-20140827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                           Copyright 2014 Star Beacon


                          FOCUS - 854 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                             Gainsborough Standard

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGAS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 855 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                              Doncaster Free Press

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDFP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 856 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                             Gainsborough Standard

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGAS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 857 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                              Doncaster Free Press

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDFP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 858 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                          Thorne and District Gazette

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTDG


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 859 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                             South Yorkshire Times

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSYT


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 860 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                          Thorne and District Gazette

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTDG


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 861 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                             South Yorkshire Times

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSYT


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 862 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                 Epworth Bells

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEPB


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 863 of 866 DOCUMENTS



                                 Epworth Bells

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Belton All Saints Church awarded £15,000 grant from the council

BYLINE: Stephanie Bateman

LENGTH: 155  words


North Lincolnshire Council has awarded a £15,000 grant to Belton All Saints
Church from its Community Grant Fund.

This funding will be used for ongoing refurbishments to the church hall.

Last year the council awarded £30,000 for refurbishments to the church hall, but
further work is still needed.

There are three strands to the council's £500,000 Community Grant Fund: Grants
to Individuals, Community Revenue Grants and Community Capital Grants.

Community Capital Grants support community sport, arts and heritage projects
with grants of up to £15,000 normally available.

Groups can apply for one grant of up to £30,000 in any five-year period if the
total cost of the project is more than £60,000.

You can find out more about the council's Community Grant Fund scheme by calling
01724 297257 or visiting
{http://www.northlincs.gov.uk/communitypeopleandliving/funding-and-grants/
north-lincolnshire-council-grants/ | Grants | Grants}

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEPB


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                          FOCUS - 864 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                USA Grants House

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.usagrantshouse.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   USA Grants House, Free Government grants, Federal grants, Government grants,
free grants, small business grants, grants, grant money, grants for woman, cash
grants, health grants, how to write grants, student grants, minority grants,
health grants.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 865 of 866 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Grant Spy

                                   1734 Upas
                              San Diego,  CA 92103
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (530) 268-1280
URL: www.grantspy.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Grant Spy is the grant seeker's intelligence source. The latest grants #038;
funding opportunities from federal, state, #038; foundation funders. Find grants
for parks, grants for recreation, grants for sports, grants for police, grants
for fire, grants for emergency services, research grants, technology grants,
transportation grants, grants for public works, grants for animal welfare,
wildlife grants, etc.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                          FOCUS - 866 of 866 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      October 20, 2003 Monday Home Edition

OBITUARIES

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett; Pg. 4JJ

LENGTH: 970 words


John Willie Grant, Buford truck driver

John Willie Grant, 62, of Buford died Thursday.

The funeral will be 2:30 p.m. Wednesday at Union Baptist Church. Burial will be
in Hill Crest Cemetery. The wake will be from 7 to 9 p.m. Tuesday at Tapp
Funeral Home in Buford.

A truck driver, Mr. Grant was born in Statesboro.

Survivors include his wife, Corinth Bennett of Buford; children, Dianne Sherman,
Chris Stringer, John Willie Grant Jr., Barbara Thomas, Brenda Grant, Anthony
Grant, Kristi Grant, Kimberly Grant, Katisha Grant and Jarvis Jackson; siblings,
Ruby Joseph, Syrena Pollard, Pearl Grant, Mary Hannachek, Waldo Grant, Matthew
Grant, James Grant and Frankie Grant; mother, Mattie Grant.

Eula Mae Holland, Loganville resident

Eula Mae Holland, 90, of Loganville died Friday.

The funeral was Sunday at the Lawrenceville chapel of Tim Stewart Funeral Home.
Burial was in Walnut Grove Baptist Church cemetery in Lawrenceville.

Mrs. Holland was a Baptist.

Survivors include her husband, Eural Holland; stepchildren Samuel Holland of
Loganville, Euraline Howard of Marietta and Elizabeth Peffley of North Carolina;
a brother, Glenn Fuller of Lawrenceville; five stepgrandchildren; and three
stepgreat-grandchildren.

Oscar F. Hufnagel, World War II veteran

Oscar Frederich Hufnagel, 81, of Suwanee died Friday.

The funeral will be at 1 p.m. today at Hamilton Mill Memorial Chapel in Buford.
Burial will be in Hamilton Mill Memorial Gardens.

Mr. Hufnagel was a native of Michigan. He graduated from Bay City Central in
1941 and received a scholarship to Valparaiso University. He served in the U.S.
Air Force during World War II. He was a former president of Southwest Little
League in Bay City as well as the Handy High booster club. He was an elder,
usher and Sunday school teacher at Zion Lutheran Church.

In Traverse City, he served as president of the Exchange Club and retired from
Michigan Bell Telephone Co. in 1981 after 40 years of service.

Survivors include his wife, Doris Hufnagel of Suwanee; three children, Jay
Hufnagel of Suwanee, Andy Hufnagel of Deerfield, Mass., and Beth Davis of Tulsa,
Okla.; a sister, Anita Kaye of El Paso, Texas; six grandchildren; and four
great-grandchildren.

Lois P. Johnson, Bio-Lab office manager

Lois P. Johnson, 86, of Snellville died Saturday.

The funeral will be 2 p.m. Tuesday at the Snellville chapel of Tom M. Wages
Funeral Service. Burial will be in the Snellville Historical Cemetery. The
family will receive friends from 6 to 9 p.m. today at the funeral home.

Mrs. Johnson was an office manager for Bio-Lab Inc., where she worked for more
than 15 years. She was a member of Westside Baptist Church in Snellville.

Survivors include a two children, Carol Clarke of Snellville and Phil Johnson of
Loganville; four grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.

Michael P. Miller, Technology entrepreneur

Michael Peter Miller, 61, of Norcross died Friday.

The funeral will be 9:30 a.m. Tuesday at Mary Our Queen of Peace Catholic
church. Burial will be in Peachtree Memorial Park. The family will receive
friends from 4 to 8 p.m. today at Crowell Brothers Peachtree Chapel Funeral Home
in Norcross.

A Detroit native, Mr. Miller served in the U.S. Army. He was an entrepreneur in
the technology industry.

Survivors include his wife, Cathy Miller of Norcross; four children, Dave Miller
of Cumming; Michelle Miller of Greenwich, Conn.; Amy Miller of Cumming and Jenny
Miller of Duluth; his parents, Peter and Clara Miller of Troy, Mich.; three
siblings, Steven Miller of Farmington Hills, Mich., Don Miller of Bloomfield
Hills, Mich., and Susan Miller of Troy, Mich.

In lieu of flowers, contributions may be sent to the American Cancer Society,
1060 Gaines School Road, Suite B-2, Athens, GA 30605.

Clarence Nalley, Equipment operator

Clarence Nalley, 69, of Cumming died Friday.

The funeral was Sunday at the Crowell Brothers Peachtree Chapel Funeral Home in
Norcross. Burial was in Peachtree Memorial Park.

Mr. Nalley was a truck driver and equipment operator for a power plant
manufacturer. He was a member of Pleasantview Baptist Church.

Survivors include his daughters, Rita Rickett and Janet Shoemake, both of
Cumming; two siblings, Betty Burns of Duluth and Lee Roy Nalley of
Lawrenceville; and two grandsons.

Amanda Teague, High school student

Amanda Teague, 18, of Snellville died Friday.

A memorial visitation will be from noon to 3 p.m. today at the Charlie Broome
Building in Lilburn. A memorial service will be at 1 p.m. Tuesday at the First
Baptist Church of Micanopy in Micanopy, Fla. Tom M. Wages Funeral Service is in
charge of local arrangements.

Ms. Teague attended South Gwinnett High School and was currently enrolled at
Phoenix High.

Survivors included her mother, Kathy Teague of Snellville; her father, Edward
Teague Jr. of West Palm Beach, Fla.; a brother, Joshua Teague of Snellville;
grandparents, Clyde and Carolyn Brown, Hugh and Marion Tompkins, and O.L. and
Selma Stansbury.

Vicky L.G. Turner, Snellville resident

Vicky Lamb Griffin Turner, 50, of Snellville died Saturday.

The funeral will be 4 p.m. Tuesday at the Snellville chapel of Tom M. Wages
Funeral Service. Burial will be in Snellville Historical Cemetery. The family
will receive friends from 6 to 9 p.m. today at the funeral home.

Ms. Turner was a member of Cloister Avenue Baptist Church.

Survivors include her father, Henry L. Mitchell of Snellville; sons, Clinton
Griffin of Gainesville and Dustin Turner and Darrell Lamb, both of Snellville;
two stepchildren, Brandy Sheppard of Kentucky and Michael Lamb of Stockbridge;
and six grandchildren.

Memorials may be made to the Vicky G.L. Turner Memorial Fund for Darrell Lamb,
in care of Brand Bank, 2488 E. Main St., Snellville, GA 30078.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
